One possible risk is that consumers might not get the exact product they want because the information provided might not be enough or reliable.
For a simple example, a consumer who wants to buy a pair of shoes might end up getting a pair with desired style but unfit sizes.
Actually, just with the seemingly beautiful pictures of the products on Internet, it is hard for us to make rational choices.
After all, seeing is believing.
Moreover, if consumers do not pay attention to the credibility of online stores, they might get cheated.
In my opinion, shopping online is convenient indeed.
But we should be very careful when decide which item to buy and which online store is trustworthy.
Additionally, we should guard against the hackers who intend to steal our account passwords.
What is a good teacher?I think he should be nervous and shy as it was that he first lesson with us.But with the study life he should be strict and unsmiling.He like to give students a lot of tests and rich in knowledge.He will get on well with students and make friends with them,they will always talk about together.He cares about the students,and kind and patient.He is very popular.When you answer incorrectly that you don't feel stupid.He should teach the knowledge clear that even I can understand it.This is a good teacher.
Thanks for introduce your school life.After look at your e-mail I think you are happiness.And now I will introduce my school life.
I always get up at a quarter to 6 o'clock and my breakfast usually be eaten at school.I ride to school everyday and it takes my 15 minutes.
The first thing after come to school is hand in our homework.Our first lesson starts at half past 7 o'clock.I don't like Chinese and Politics.As a result Thursday is not a good time for me and there two Chinese classes and a Politics class.
After school I do my homework,sometimes my homework is not too much and I will finish it at soon.And then I can play the computer or draw some picture.
I think my life is not easy but I still enjoy it.
Olympic Games are held every four years, there are lots of participating athletes, each of them has their own story, they will encounter many difficulties, some persons will give up, some persons will continue to persist.
I remember there was a basketball player, his dream was to play in the Olympic Games.
He always was injured during training.
He insisted on.
One day he realized his dream.
He could join Olympic Games.
But a few days ago in the game, he was badly injured in training.
He didn't give up.
So in the competition, he achieved good results and finished his dream.
If we can learn from him, we will succeed one day and achieve our dreams.
Last week, the news about Diaoyu island made me surprise.
also destroyed the stores which rented by Japanese.As far as I am concerned,they are too overreacting.
solve the issue well.We needn't to fight with Japanese over the Diaoyu island which hasn't been developed at present.Probably we only do one thing that can help the government of our country is not buy Japanese's goods.
Now,some of Japan's biggest firms have suspended operations at some factories in China.We should love our country by a rational way.Don't do anything that hurt our own civil's heart.
I am a student from computer science department of Shanghai University.
Now,our school is about to carry out English speech contest.
we'd like to invite you as our judge.
Because you are not only English special-class teacher,also published many articles in English.So,if you can come, we will feel very honored.
we held the English speech contest was conduted for the entire school,so there will be many people like English and the game will also be very exciting.
If you can come, won't let you down.
Looking forward to your reply.
Good morning boys and girls, my name is L. As the saying goes, life is more important than everything.
The evacuation drill is designed to let us master some knowledge and skills about how to cope with the crisis.
It is helpful for us to improve the ability to protect and save ourselves.
But the reality is not the same as what people want to see.
Many students do not take it seriously.
They are talking and laughing during the evacuation drill.
What is more, they are chaotic.
Conversely, in addition to live better,we should keep calm and quiet.
Meanwhile, we have to submit ourselves to directions.
Do not cry and scream, it does not help at all.
I hope everyone can take the evacuation drill seriously.
After all, it has a lot to do with our lives.
It is a good habit for me to get up early and start the day's work .There are three reasons to support it.
Firstly,going to the bed early ensures me a good sleep,for it adapts to my biology clock.Secondly, getting up early means that I have enough time to prepare my breakfast .If I get up late ,of course it is impossible for me to prepare my breakfast carefully.However, breakfast is the most important meal in a day.As a result,it is necessary for me to get up early.Last but not least ,If I getup early ,I can arrange a time for morning exercise,which can strengthen my body and keeep me healthy.
In a word, I will keep such a good habit-getting up early all the way.
I think school study is more important.
First,it is universally acknowledged that,teachers are useful to our study.Teachers can interpret exactly for our questions.So,my personal view is that it's important to have a teacher.
Second,in my opinion,working together as a class is useful.When we have questions,we can ask for pupils.We can also help others.It is a good way to improve our grade.
Third,it's a bad for us t o use computers for a long time.So,as far as I can see,we shouldn't spend much time in looking at computers.
In the word,school study is more important for us.
Hello,my name is Kate Brown.
My first name is Kate.
My last name is Brown.
I am fourteen.
I am a girl.
My telephone number is eight seven six-nine two one three.Bye!
In this modern society, the universities are playing more and more role , especially the modern universities.
With the development of the economy and politics, the modern universities gradually educate various kind of students and bear more and more roles and functions.
As to the essence of universities, the primal task is education of knowledge.
These modern universities should offer the good education of basic subjects to students on the basis of the middle school.In addition, the further Professional knowledge should be acquired by college students so that they can get good development in the society.
What's more, it is important for the modern universities to enforce the moral education to adjust students' behaviors to the standard of society.
Teathers should guide the college students to set up the goal of life and ask them to get it step by step.The college teachers should respect all kinks of students and teach them the proper outlook on life and values so that the students can earn more respect in the society.
However, in some ways, the modern universities don't play a good role of the bridge to bind the society and the tower of ivory.
.They only know study the knowledge in the textbooks and lack of social experience.
In addition, the knowledge the universities teach is useless and not conform to social development.
Because of these reasons, some college students can't adapt themselves to the changing society so that their graduation means unemployment.
The college as a training base for the students to prepare to struggle and survive in the society is not only a school that teach the knowledge in the testbooks like middle schools.Therefore, the modern universities should encourage students to attend various activities to improve their abilities and adjust their principles of teaching to the development of the society.
Currently, drug problem becomes one of the most serious social issues.
Especially displays in the drug using of stars via media exposure.
Some people supposed that it is completely understandable for stars to take drugs, while others considered the drug addict is unforgivable, and certainly not a public figure.
In my view, we should understand them and have confidence to detoxification.
There are many reasons for public figures to use drugs.
First and foremost, as a public figure, they feel a lot of pressures in the chaos of the entertainment circle.
They have to appreciate the good reputation, also need to endure the bad reputation.
Life is full of ups and downs, they use drugs to numb their feelings, and avoid criticism from the Internet or the world.
So the society also has the responsibility.
In addition, most of time, they must have a great idea about the work.
Using drug is a sufficient way for them to seek inspiration, anyway.
Last but not least, most stars take drugs just for fun in the party.
They earn too much money and they are not aware that the dangers of drug use.
All words can be concluded that stars are also ordinary person, they have rights to make a mistake.
We don't need to be over surprised.
What we should do is just to be faithful for the public figures to start with a clean slate.
Everybody wants to an interesting weekends,so I make a plans for me.On the Saturday morning,i'm going to get up late until eleven o'clock.In the afternoon,i'm going to see my frends.On the Sunday morning,i'm going to do my homework.In the afternoon,i'm going to have my English lesson because it's my favourite lesson.In the evening,i'm going to go over my homework because the day of tomorrow i'm going to have a maths exam!It's going to be a fantastic weekend.
Today, let us talk about the issue of college students to pursue brand.
Nowadays,the phenomenon that college students in the university campus to pursue brand is more and more common.
In the era of advocating the pursuit of personality, the pursuit of their own brand, has become a kind of personality.
But there are a lot of people are opposed to college students' pursuit of brand.
They think that college students pursue brand feel is caused by comparison, is a college student not voluntarily that they were.
In addition, college students can't make money, the pursuit of famous brand can increase family economic burden.
What's more , parents do not give children buy brand will conflict.
As far as I'm concerned, the pursuit of famous brand is the freedom of the person, the choice of the individual, personal preferences.
And if a person have the ability to pay, the pursuit of personality is also possible.
In present China, parents are paying more attention to their children than before.
Most families have only one child,so Chinese parents take too much care of their children.
The advantage is that Chinese children normally get more love and care from family.
The disadvantage is a lot of children can't live independently.
Some college students even still depend on family a lot.
Their parents and grandparents do too much for them.Some parents and grandparents even do homework for their child.
It's not good for their children.Children should finish homework by themselves.
In many ways,something has to be done by themselves.
Parents shouldn't help them do anything.
I think parents should help children to be independent.
For example, parents ought to let their children do some housework like washing dishes, cleaning their own bedroom, cooking and some other simple things.
Nowadays, many parents are overdoing in their children's study.
In fact,Chinese students are shouldering more responsibilities than their older generations,especially in big cities.Big stress may make children feel hopeless.
I think parents should give their children more freedom for entertainment.
Although study is the most important thing to children, study is absolutely not all of childhood.
Children need time to play and make more friends.Life is full of fun and happiness.
Nowadays particularly in big cities such as Shanghai and Beijing , many parents just support their children in finance.
But they don't know the importance of communication between parents and children.However,it makes plenty of children become very lazy,the consequence is they don't want to find a job after graduation.They still depend on families when they are grown.It's a social problem .Because we can't depend on parents forever.
We have to learn to be independent and find a job to earn money,then we can consume by our own money.Speaking of children,we must know that playing and doing sports is very important.
Sports keep us healthy.After all, health first.Only we have a healthy body we can do more things,otherwise we have no power to do anything.
Chinese parents are overdoing in children's study.Such deeds deprive their opportunities to make friends and have fun.Such deeds prevent children from becoming an independent and successful person.
Children must learn to be independent while they are growing up.
With the improvement of people's living standard, tourism has been making rapid development.
More and more people choose to travel around to release their work pressure.
Some people think we should develop tourism.They point out that the development of tourism can promote the local economic development.
Tourism is not a single industry, but a comprehensive one consisting of many industries such as catering, accommodation, transportation and so on.
However, others consist on limiting the development of tourism.
Along with the increase of visitors, they think that cultural relics will get more and more serious damages.
It is a very bad behavior that some people like to leave marks on the places wherever they have been.
In my opinion, I think we should not limit the development of tourism.
But we could not develop local economy at the cost of destroying our cultural relics .
We should take both of them into consideration to create maximum economic benefits.
The development of tourism can bring the local economic prosperous.
Because if one place whose tourism is very advanced, it will stimulate the development of catering industry, hotel and loading industry, entertainment and so on.
What's more, it is also able to improve the living standard of the local people.
However, other people have different opinions.
They think that some cultural relics are destroyed more and more serious with the tourists increasing.
The main reason is that the tourists can't help touching it, when they appreciate the cultural relics.
Therefore, with the time goes by, they are gradually abrased.
As far as I am concerned, we do not limit the development of tourism, but we have to enhance the tourism administration.
Besides, we attach more importance to the local economy at the same time, never ignore the preservation of tourism environment.
In addition, it is necessary for the local people to grow the awareness of cultural relics protection.
Last but not least, everyone should have the responsibility to protect tourism environment from damaging.
My name is H. I am a Chinese student,however I love the language subject,especially the English.
So my English is very good and I like study English.
And now, I want to take part in summer camp which held in Singapore.
In order to improve my English grade,introduce China to world and study to the other country.
SO this summer camp maybe can be a significant memory.
This in doubt that I can be successful.
to face this difficulty.
I get ready for this summer camp.
Why not grant demand if you do that,I will be thankful for you.I will be waiting for your reply.
Nowadays many students pay few attention to spelling.lt does harm to our study.
The reason for ignoring the importance of spelling is that students do not attach importance to spelling.What they need is to do exercises the more the better.They pursues accuracy rate in exams and high marks.So the words spelling is inevitably ignored.Another reason is that teachers think the spelling is easy.And they estimate the student must know that.In fact,students sometimes do not know that.Stidents and teachers do not communicate well.Another reason for that is students do not do well in early ages.Maybe they are careless in studying.When they are growing up they cannot change.Once the habit is formed,it needs much more effort to change the bad habit.
Since the spelling is so important how to change this situation remains a question.As far as I considered,students are the main factor.Student should pay more attention to spelling in doing normal exercises.A dictionary is essential.Students should look up words in dictionary when they meet words they do not know.Teachers also should pay more attention in spelling.Communication between students and teachers is important.
If students and teachers insist on doing things above,spelling will never be a problem.Use this tool well English can be easy to learn.
Evidently,self-confidence is the key to success.Everyone who travels in life all seeks the privotal element of achievement to accomplish their goals.On the one hand,as the old saying goes on,'confidence is the half of success.
'On the other hand,we have known the biggest enemy is ourselves since we were educated.If there was not self-confidence,it can not be to reach success.
However,how to build up self-confidence is the mission for us in the period of growth.And The following I will make some suggestions which I followed.
First of all,paying attention to our own advantage and accomplishment which requires us to record them in our mind deeply.Furthermore,when we meet some challenge,it can easily draw our minds back to the previous experiences and increase confidence.Secondly,we should not neglect the advantages to which communicating with confident people will contribute.To be specific,interacting with these people always benefits our personal characteristics and promotes us to be confident as we all know that moral influence by contact one takes the colour of one's company.Thirdly,there is evidence that self-suggestion can model the confident image for us which makes us believe we are great enough to meet various challenges in life and work.Besides,a more effective way to foster self-confidence,is to smile.Since smiling to others exhibits the personal charisma and enhances the feeling of happiness to improve self-confidence.Also,not only can the sufficient preparation increase confidence,but also can the proper target do it.The sufficient preparation makes people calm in important situation which gives others a good impression and gets the venerable reputation.And even though the goal is essential,it is still unwise if the goal exceeds the reality.Only proper target can help people go straight ahead,not decreasing confidence.
Finally,cultivating self-confidence demands that we need to expand our advantages and shorten our drawbacks.On condition that adopting our good points and avoiding our short comings,it can help us strengthen the possibility of success.
In conclusion,Learning in life and improving yourself is the procedure of building up self-confidence.
You never know what you can till you try.
As all humans, we hate to be promised with something that is never done with action.
As we all know:Every dog has his day.
Once I had an argument with my desk-mate about a history problem.I was really confident about myself for I had seen a program about it just the day before,so in my heart I think I'm right.
I thought she was supposed to be wrong.
To solve the problem,we asked to teacher ,by looking up a large amount of information.We finally got the conclusion that I'm wrong.It gives me a lesson that Actions speak louder than words.
We think the least of those who tend to speak out great dreams and put down major promise but in the end nothing comes to be the reality.
Actions mean more than words, words can be spoken without responsibility, and that shall be worthless, and action is more convincing compared to it.
It is much to our regret that we provided office supplies of 3 had some problems.
You said that one of the office supplies has not been provided.
It isn't our responsibility, because 3 office supplies of your requirement has been on board.
Clean bill of lading enclosed.
Second, 2 weeks later than delivery date of demand was due to heavy weather in transit.
The responsibility should rest with either the carrier or the insurer instead of us, and if you need, we would like to lodge, on behalf of you, a claim against them.
And we have a suggestion for you.
You could invite licensed surveyors to check the short delivery as soon as possible and the survey should be issued.
It is important file of your claim indemnity.
We will keep you informed of any progress for the ongoing claim.
first of all,lnterent help know more thing .letpeople see open.know more friend .
Itis people .make people notlonely .rish people is life .
secondly people can online shopping ,Reading book .make people is .
life easy .to achieve the"global village" let people is communication be come convenient ,quick.
the emergence of the lnterent is people communicate more quickly the life more rish thought more connotation.
The picture shows us a teacher is teaching multiplication to her students.But her students don't want to learn this things and ask her a question"no offense,but by the time we're in the job market,won't that stuff be out dated?
"The teacher feels embarrassed when her heard this question and she didn't know how to answer the student's question.
This picture vivid showed us some hot spot things.Nowadays some students do not focus on the basic skills and the think basic skill is not practical things.They just want to learn the things which they can get good price immediately.So they think teaching basic skills is outdated and there is no use for their job prospect.
I think,every student cannot to deny the importance of basic skills.All of us should admit the importance.Because basic skills are the very important and very useful basic for us to learn the other skills better.
We can't just urgent want to learn something useful and get price immediately.Study is a long progress that we need to learn many things step by step.If you want to do better and learn useful skills better,please learn basic skill first.Just as a Chinese old saying"a huge tree grows form a thin seedling.
People think about happiness more today.
Happiness can be defined as a feeling which makes you feel pleased.
It can be experienced everyday, though we barely notice it.
Happiness is the moment when you finally succeed through your own efforts.
If you cannot stand the pain, you would not see happiness.
Just like Stephen Akhuari who took part in the 1986 Olympic Games.
Although he failed in the marathon since his knee was badly hurt, he continued the game.
He claimed that his country did not send him to start the game but to finish it.
He is a successful person for that he enjoyed his life and thus he was happy.
Happiness is the feeling after a person devote all his life to help others and gain the love from others.
"The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved," said Victor Hugo.
Most of the time, we ignore the happy moment that others bring to us because we take for granted.
In fact, happiness isn't about what happens to us, it is about how we perceive what happens to us.
Happiness is very simple but not easy to possess.
We would be happy when we win a lottery but it comes fast and leave fast.We would also feel such happiness when we see our achievements in the long run.
In my opinion, happiness is abstract but we can gain it through our own efforts.
Happiness is to do something meaningful, and doing something meaningful is happy.
Let's smile to face the challenges and enjoy the happiness from your deep heart.
Phone is more easy for our life, but students should take phone or not, take phone to school have some good thing:first, it is easy to call your parents; second, it can add many fun.
But it have some bad thing:First, it will influean your study; Second, it is waste time and money to use phone to say; Third, it is bad for your body to play game.
it have some advice:First, don't' play phone in class; Second, Don'tuse phone to play; Third, your phone is valuable, please protect it.
The woman which called C. J. Walker was sighed in front of her mirror.
She saw she was losing hair and she felt afraid of it.
She had tried so many medicine but it didn't work.
However, one day, she dreamt a man which gave her some leaves.
He said that the leaves can help her hair grow.
On the next day, she picked some leaves that the man told her.
Then she grounded the leaves into powder and used it to washed hair.
After a few days, she found that her hair growing faster than before.
She felt so happy.
She wanted everyone on Earth could have beautiful hair so she sold the product out.
With the development of economy,more and more greenhouse gases are being discharged into the air,which is considered to be one of the greatest causes of global warming.It has harmful effects causing the sea level to rise and lead to some natural disasters.As we all know,global warming is the increase in the average temperature oe the earth's near -surface air and oceans since the mid-20th century,and its projected of continuation global surface's temperature increased some between the start and the end of the 20th century.
So we must take some effective measures to save our plant,do some little things to protect our earth.Let us start from the individual level,we can begin by minimising the amount of carbon dioxide by taking public transport instead of driving and using energy-efficient electrical appliances.On the other hand,more trees can be planted too.Education to protect the environment should be planned.What is more,we can also do something else of global warming in the daily life.For example,shut off lights when not using and turn off televisions and computers when not using them,turn the air conditioner up and only use it when absolutely.
It is important to cure the world for the sake gf ourselves,we have to take action now.
In North America, 2005 California dead valley high temperatures up to 54 degrees and resulted in the death of 41 people.
In 2006, the United States experienced the hottest summer in 150 years and have caused hundreds of deaths.
In South America, Brazil in 2006 63 years after the heat in the winter.
Severe flooding to Chile in 2006, five thousand people were left from their homes.
In Europe, the 2006 heatwave, so on.
The above examples, explains that global warming will bring disaster.
The dangers of global warming include: rising sea levels, low of the country or region will be flooded; will make the low latitudes in crop production, high latitude is increased; effects of water cycle, leading to the flood and drought disaster frequency strength increases; to human health will be affected.
In recent years, the rapid increase of population is one of the main factors lead to global warming.
Worsening environmental pollution has become a major problem worldwide, but also led to one of the main factors of global warming.
And environment pollution also is the main factors.
Also including human on Soil and forest destruction, so on.
Global warming is an increase in the earth's temperature due to fuels, industry, and agricultural processes caused by human, natural, and other gas emissions.
This results can increased emission of greenhouse gases.
Short-wave solar radiation sinks into the Earth's atmosphere and warm its surface; while long wave infrared radiation emitted by earth's surface is absorbed, and then re-emitted by trace gases.
Alought, global warming is very bad to people.
But we have We the mean to prevent it.
There are ways that you can help prevent global warming.
We can persuade our parents to walk or ride bicycles to work .
To reduce carbon dioxide emission.
Next, we can reducing the electricity in your home are ways to help prevent global warming.
You can also write to your local congress representative or your local newspaper in response to stories, which say global warming, does not exist.
Climate change is a global problem, we need the joint efforts of all mankind.
As a college student, I feel I have the obligation to society, I want to be a volunteer.
It is said by Allan Bloom that education is the movement from darkness to light.
As this saying, education is the most greatest activity that everyone must go through in the world.
Firstly, kinds of talents are provided in this way.
Confucious, for example, the one who firstly creates individual education in China,teaches more than 3000 students during his life.
Those students are taught lecture, math, art and some more aspects so that they are rich in wisdom.
Therefore, most of them are reusable by the potentates and contribute to society.
What's more, education is an activity in which we built ourselves.
There is no doubt that someone who has high-education is different from others, no matter in diathesis or some other aspects.
There is a saying that "If I had seen further than Descartes, it's because I have stood on the shoulders on the giants".
Furthermore, education is just as good as the giant that give us plenty of basic information.
In addition, education helps us achieve goals.
For instant, there is an essay in The New York Times calls "The educational experiences that change a life" refereed to 15 excellent professors who do extremely good in their domains.
There is the same point that leads to their success which is high education.
There is no doubt that education is a way which is good for a person, and the whole society.
According to the chart,we can get much of the information about education pays,let's take a look at my summary of these information.
First of all,we can find an interesting thing that the higher degree owner will get lower unemployment rate and more median weekly earning.Then,if you continue to look at the article,another interesting thing you will find is the associate degree owner's data is staring below the average of the chart about education pays,of course,if you just get some college no degree or the high school diploma,even less than the high school diploma,that's meaning is you only have very little income,and high unemployment.That's all.
"And"If you take more in study,and you will get more from education pays.
Many people think reading is very important.However,some people said that the best way of study is to practice by ourselves.My view is us need to practice,we need to read too.
To begin with,reading can let us knowledge.we can know many useful,funny things by rending books.We can use these thoery when we do something about our study,then we will study easily and fastly.
Then,rending can let us be good at thinking,we will become smart.We will be good at solving the trouble that we didn't meet before when we are practicing.We can do better in study.
Let's read more books,that's nice for us.Reading is the teacher of practice.we also need to practice,then we will study better!
Hello,everyone, today I want to talk about listening.
As we all know, to have a good relation with other people, we not only need to be good at expressing, but also to learn to listen.
So, we need to be a good listener.
In my opinion, listening shows respects to the person who are speaking and increases the understanding between people.
Gradually, a good relation between you and other people will be set up.
This is why we should listen.
People can gain a lot of benefits from listening and everyone should learn to listen others.
For example, parents can understand their children, which contributes to remove the misunderstanding, by listening their kids.
Also, teachers listening their students can help them know their students better and meet the needs of students.
Listening is also important to students.
They can make their friendship better and help each other by listening carefully to what other students say.
Finally, I want to talk about how to listen.
When others are speaking, we should be quiet and listen carefully to others' words, which communication is based on.
What'more, remembering the important information and the key words are also necessary.
So, let's us be a good listener.
Then the world will be better.
Thank you for listening.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
My imagination is as follows.
Ten years later, it's likely that I will start a good family with a beautiful wife and a cute boy or girl.
Maybe I still word hard without a complete family.
I sincerely hope it will be the former, though.
On the other hand, the job will be not bad, which is busy but pleasant.
In the evening, I can take exercises or play balls with my family.
It is so satisfying that I can't dream more.
If I don't try my best to study, the dream will be too difficult to be realized.
More and more students take part in activities.It is a good way to make us learn things which can't be learned in the class.
As far as me,I often play sports after school,such as jogging,table tennis and volleyball.The more I practice,the healthier I will become.What's more,we are supposed to spend enough time taking exercise so that we can make our body stronger.
In addition,seeing English films is a nice choice as well.It can not only improve our spoken English and listening but also relax ourselves.When we are tired,seeing English films is interesting because it will bring us happiness.As a result,I always watch some movies after school.
Among all of the activities,I think it's best to join in the social useful activities.For example,we can pick up the rubbish on the street at weekends.Besides,if we have enough energy,it is better to help the old in order to take care of them.
The more we do,the more beautiful our society will be.Taking an active part is really enjoyable and meaningful.
From my point of view,I would like suggest that everyone should pay attention to the after-school activities.As for us,we can get more knowledge and open our minds.As well as that,close friendship will be built during the activities.If all of us join in it, I believe we will have a wonderful high school life.
I am 14 years old now.In the 14 years,I received many gifts.But I received the best friend is a book named if gave me three days to light.I were pleased to receieve this gift.It tells a very strong and brave woman the study of career and be deaf and mute life.
Then it tells us to cherish life to learn to persevere.Because of it, l learned more.This book taught me a lot.It made me learn to persevere.This is the best l have ever received a gift.
So l like it much too.
Many people argue that in order to improve educational quality continuously,students are encouraged to make comments even criticism on teaches.But I don't agree with this opinion.
I don't think students can make evaluation of class teaching.The most important reason to this is I don't think all the students are mature enough that they can't give us an objective point of view.So sometimes students may criticism on teaches when they fell they don't like this class or they are not good at this class.Another reason is respecting teacher is our traditional custom,but casual comments to teacher are not a polite thing.
Actually there are some teachers not very good at teaching and there are some classes not suitable for the students' age.However I firmly convinced they will progress in the process of their teaching.And most teachers have abundant experience.Their knowledge can give our children a lot.
Finally I still think we need trust our teacher and we shouldn't encourage our students to make comments casually to their teacher.
Nowadays, more and more college students spend their spare time in doing part-time job.
Different people have different opinions of it.
Some agree that college students need not do part-time job.
They think, on the one hand, students are busy with their studies and parents expect them to do well in their academic performance.
On the other hand, they are too young to do this work.
However, other people argue that they have more free time in the college.
They hold their point that doing part-time job can help develop their responsibility for work.
Besides, doing part-time job can help them understand their parents' efforts and pains better.
In my opinion, we should do part-time job in our spare time.
Not only can earn money, but also can develop our ability to live.
The development of tourism can promote the development of the local economy.
Tourism as a rising industry, it can drive the development of construction industry, transportation industry, catering industry, and so on.
Therefore, it boosts economic growth.
However, with the increasing of tourists, the historical relics will get more and more critical destruction.
While tourists are visiting scenic spots, they are producing rubbish at the same time.
The rubbish that they throw away can pollute the environment, which will indirectly destroy the historical relics .What is more, on some occasions, a great crowd of people is fond of leaving their names on the historical relics, which directly destroy these relics.
In my opinion, we should balance the development of tourism and protection of historical relics.
The two aspects are equally important to our society.
If we ignore the latter, there is not a good environment for the development of tourism, and it will cause profound influences.
If we ignore the former, we do not have good situations to develop our economy and improve people'living level.
Therefore, we should attach important to the development of tourism and the protection of historical relics in the meantime.
When I saw the tittle,the first man that comes in to my head is my father.There's no special reason,it's just a feeling.
My father has been playing an important role on the way I grow up,especially in developing my characters and good living habbits.It seems that mother just play an role of "babysister",what she had taught.me is less than what my father did.Father is always stricted with the details of my life,such as:sit up stright and do things independly as well as be an honest man.Now I am benifited too much from those things that I was always tired of and didn't obey,.
Looking back those things ,I have no reason but to thank my father.
I still reamber that I stole an egg from home,unluckly, father saw it by accident,in the way he handle things ,I believe that I would be punished seriously,but what to my surprise was that he just talked with me meaningfully for a long time .
As An Elder ,he teach me by personal exampleas as well as verbal instruction.he is filial to his parents and be friendly to neighbourhoods .what's importanty, he taught me that I should calm down no matter what happened.
In a word,he set an good example to me,I admire him ,at the same time ,I will always love him.
Society develops rapidly and the technology is improving.Nowadays people seek the quick-fix lifestyle.We hate to wait.Instead of standing in line at the bank,we withdraw twenty dollars in as many seconds from an automatic teller machine.We usually don't cook food for ourselves;we often eat fast food or go to convenience stores to buy some frozen food,and then heat them in microwave ovens.People buy Polaroid cameras because the pictures can come out right away.People like the fast-paced entertainment,so they record their favorite TV show on the VCR.People like fast relief.Each man's steps are hurried.
I think quick-fix lifestyle let us lose many joy.I prefer slow-fix lifestyle.Nowadays,most of the people are working all the time,and they even regard money as all of life.I think we should relax ourselves properly.And we should slow down our pace to admire the beautiful scenery in our life.In our spare time,we can cook for ourselves and eat home-made bread.We can take exercises every morning.We can travel and take photos to record these beautiful experiences.We should slow down our steps.And when we struggle,we should also enjoy life and find the joy in life.
I prefer slow-fix lifestyle,because I think it can make us find more joy in our lives and live a happy life.
As we all know,the book's own house of gold,jade yenown book,the words are good ,the book is our men tor .saying the book to read a hundred time, it 's meaning from the see, so the book is the best partner in our life.reading good let us increase the know ledge.
Some classic is the history of the foundtion, is the leader in noration, is the history of precipitation, such as "a dream of Red Mansions "some classic contains the military strategy, like "Romance of the Three kingdoms "some classic style of writing is very good and very inspirational, such as the steelis how tempered.
Reading ancient books can help us understand the history.
I am Li Hua,chairman of the Student Union,from Chengguang High School.And I am going to take charge of the arrangement of your jouney.Here are the details.
There is no doubt that you'll arrive in Tianjin on June 25th, after a relaxing night,you'll take your students to reach our school in the morning next day.There is going to be a lecture about the lifes in school and different cultures between our countries in the morning ,where we are able to understand the different behaviors as well as thoughts between each other and broaden our horizon.I hope everyone is active to put up with his ideas.
After that the time may go to the noon,so we expect your students to have lunch together with our school's students.The Lunch will have dumplings,noodles,and other Chinese traditional food which I'm convinced that you'll like them.This is a best opportunity for you and us to have a closer term each to each other.We're supposed to take advantages from it.
In the afternoon,we are going to visit the Haihe River,which is acknowledged to be one of the most beautiful scenes in Tianjin.This activity provide a channel through which we can promote the friendships between us and have a good time.
If there could be some opinions,please don't hesitate to reply me and we'll make every effort to make this jouney a success.
With the development of the technology,cellphone is becoming increasingly popular in school.
It is convenient for students to communicate with the outside world,and it can also best our time to find information online.
But overusing the cellphones can lead to many negative effects.
Firstly,some of students like playing online games or reading e-books by cellphone,they will forget the time,so they will feel sleepy in class and draw their attention from the study, and overusing the cellphone can harm to our health.Secondly,it is so commonly seen that students addicts attend to their phones,ignoring everything around them.They always watch their phone in the coach,restaurant even walked on the road,so overusing the cellphones could bring dangers to us.
Judging form evidence above,overusing the smartphones does more harms than good, so our students should use the cellphones properly,and don't let it use us.
The world is so miraculous that few persons can reach every corner, but I always believe that the feet cannot reach the places, the vision will reach.
From small to large, on the one hand, I have always wanted to go to the London city to travel and study, but I don't have the high English level and I just know a little culture about there.
However, I realize the customs there by reading thought the book named 'Next stop, London', and improve my English by reading the English novel in my spare time.
As time goes by, I not only gaining the knowledge, but also feel of the world we live in.
In this process, my life was more and more funning, and the quality of my life was improved.
Besides, I enjoy the happy feeling of reading, and I think my soul can reach the world.
Of course, on the other hand, especially for some rich persons, will use their money to go to the places that they wanted to instead of reading first.
In fact, I don't like the way about this.
Because of the scenery into our eyes is only the surface.
In our country, as the saying goes, 'inner beauty is the real beauty'.
So, reading the meaning first and really feeling it may be the best way to open our eyes, by doing this, we should learn more and more about our mind and the world.
I'm glad that I'm not a body beggar.
In a word, if you give me a reading room, I'll reach the real world in my life.
More and more family have a child.
They only have one.
People call them the only child.
They have in common that is not enough independence and have a bad temper.
Nowadays, parents are should erring more responsibilities than necessary to taking care of their children.
Such deeds provide them with little chance to be independence.
This is general phenomenon in society now.
This is a bad phenomenon, we should eliminate it.
So in order to let the children independent.Parents aren't offering excessive assistance to the children.
They must learn to be independent and to be a successful man.
It is advisable that parents helping them to lesson from their experience.Parents should let go of the child in order to help them to valuables from them.
Parents should allow children tomake for yourself.
It is our expectation that parents should let go of the child and allow to make for themselves.
Rather than do a neets.
China has a saying : eat bitterness of bitter.
As we all know death penalty is to kill someone who are guilty according to the law .
Now , many countries in the world have the death penalty , including our country .
But in my opinion , I think the death penalty is a step back .
Especially in modern society .
First of all , it's cruel to deprive human's life .
Human's life should be respected and protected .
If we use the death penalty to deprive one's life , it's a behavior of uncivilized .
We should respect human rights even he had done something wrong .
In the ancient times , there were a lot of people died of the death penalty .
In our country , there were many different kinds of ways to implement the death penalty .
All of the manners were cruel and bloody .
Our society is developing , so the way to punish should be developed , too .
Secondly , our society is a society of civilization and harmony .
We can use many other methods to punish the criminals .
Definitely there are so much crimes all over the world all the time .
Maybe the crimes are more cruel and bloody .
Of course we should prevent them and punish them .
But to the serious crimes the death penalty is not the only one way to penalize them .
We can arrest them , put them into prison .
I think this can get a greater effort than the death penalty .
Thirdly , if someone had done some really serious such as killed many people deliberately or threaten the security of the country , the death penalty is a bit light to punish them .
In a word , there is no need to have the death penalty in modern society .
It's a step back .
It should be canceled .
We can strengthen the legal education to let more and more people knowing and abiding by the law .
Do everything according to law .
On the other hand , we should continue to improve our law .
Thus we can build a harmonious society .
In our country, a large number people think that lucky numbers can bring good fortune.
It is held that lucky numbers are expected to work miracles.
A good case in point is that rich guys spend high price on a license plate which contains number eight or six.
In China another common phenomenon is that many individuals buy lottery tickets with lucky numbers.
Moreover Chinese people's wedding has to be held on auspicious occasion.
On the contrary, others don't hold the believe that numbers are associated with luck.
If you don't make good preparation for things, how can you only depend on some lucky numbers to make everything goes right.
As far as I am concerned, lucky numbers have certain influence in daily communication.
But lucky and lucky numbers don't directly related to each other.
For some people who is poor in mental health, lucky numbers could play a role in comfort, however it have limited impact on the people who have relatively strong will.
I often imagine what my life be like in the future.
I think my life will be ever different in the future.
In the future I will have many kids,These kids go to school use spaceship to other YUZHOU.
Food will not mile vegetables and fuit,in thew future we will eat clean engne.
No smoking in the future and all from of recreation, such a cinemas, bowing softball,concerts and others will be provided free of charge by the city.Everyone will be heath ,don'T have clinis because don't need.
In a world ,my life will be risher and more colourful.
Everyone has a family .
We live in it and feel very warm .
There are three persons in my family ,my mother ,father and I .We live together very happily and there many interesting stories about my family.
My mother is a math teacher .She is very busy .
Every morning she goes to school very early and stays with her students until late in the afternoon .
It seems that she never gets tired .
Her students love and respect her .
She always tells my father how good it is to be a teacher ,because her students make her feel young.
My father is a policeman .
He is tall and strong .
He looks very cool in the black police uniform .
He works in the police station and he is very busy every day .
He likes helping people .
He is a good policeman .
And many people like him very much.
My father likes reading books very much .
Because he thinks: A good book is a good friend .
So he reads books after work every day .Sometimes he plays games with me .
We are very happy .
I like him very much ,because my father is not only my father , but only my good friend .
I love my family.
Because I am very happy to live with my parents together .
A life without a friend is a life without a sun.
Friendship is one of the most important things in everyone's life.
Friends are who changes your life just by being a part of it, who makes you believe that there really is good in the world, who convinces you that there really is an unlock door just waiting for you to open it.
When you're down, friend life you up.
When you lose your way, friends guide you and cheer you on.
So cherish your friend.
Love is an amazing emotion of people.
It can be happened in family numbers, the human to animal or plant.
It can make two strangers (man and woman) become a new family.
That is the love emotion---affection.
In all ages, the love story is one of the most import parts for novel, drama, songs or movie.
So many love stories have been talked about times to times, such as Romeo and Juliet Castles and Downton Abbey.These stories talk the grand and hardship of love.
With the development of techniques, the material life of human seems more important than the other part in their life.
The love becomes unbelievable.
My answer is YES.
Today, the media always advertise the negative reports.
We can hare the most negative love story on TV or internet.
That is the media how to attract the audience.
That makes the people do not believe or afraid the love.
Actually, there are also have great and true love stories happening today.
'What is words' a very popular song on internet before.
This song is the man Chris Medin who insists his love promise write for his girl friends.
He and his girl friend Juliana had been engaged in 2007.
In 2009, the disaster came the girl had a traffic accident.
She gets fully hurt, her IQ just become like 2 years old kid.
Chris Medin do not give his girl friends.
He got to the American Idol to make money pay her medical fee.
We kind of make it a promise to get married'that was he side in a cover.
That is his love in his mind.
I believe the love,I believe the love not just the cheating and lie.
It also has promise and responsibility.
I will tell all my friends about my sense of love.
I will encourage my friends to believe the love.
I will advertise all the great love story which I hard by using the internet to influence the people in my life.
I still could remember the great day seldom and when I recall it, I feel happy and excited.
As a youth who like travel, I, together with my parents and relatives, went to Mount Tai.
We spent 6 hours to there by car.
On a way to destination, the beautiful view was greeted in a flash as I saw the out of window.
The trees, flowers and some small villages was still flesh in my mind.
I talked with others and sang the songs happily during the trip.
I could breathe the fresh air as soon as I arrived the bottom of the hill.
After we had the meal together, we set up to the top.
At first I climbed mountain, I thought it is very relaxed for me.
But gradually, I felt a bit tired and then I stopped to have a break.
All of a sudden, I found small wild flowers and brushwood.
At the same time, I heard a voice of the rivulet, it makes me comfortable.
It is the time I thought I was close to natural world and because of that, I got the power to continue mountaineering.
After a long time, we arrived the halfway up a hill.
Then we took cable car to the top of the mountain.
In the period, I seen the heavy and green massif.
I felt excited as we reached the top and we took many photos for us.
The experience to Mount Tai makes me close to nature and environment.
In fact, I am fond of travel and comely views, the trip can relax my mind and makes me comfortable.
So I still memory it.
As for me, an un-English major college student, I prefer to choose a bilingual English dictionary as a tool for looking up unfamiliar words or phrases.
But the premise is the bilingual one can provide not only interpretation in my own language but also English translations and example sentences.
The ultimate goal, however, is to look up unknown words promptly and conveniently.
Sometimes the definition in English is too complicated for me to grasp its real meaning and, moreover, if there are plenty of new words waiting me to check, then a bilingual dictionary can be regard as a good helper.
We cannot deny the fact that there must be a difference in the definitions which are written in two types of languages.
Thus when I found a distinction between them during the process of using my lexicon, I usually take the English one.
In another kind of situation, we may need to know more about an unfamiliar word.
Their exact definitions in English with example sentences given can make it possible for me, an English learner, to extend my vocabulary as well as master immediately how a word is used.
In the view of the foregoing reasons, there is no doubt that a bilingual dictionary could be my first choice.
Recently, I make a plan to take part in a Dragon Boat Training Camp so that I can cultivate my interests, broaden my horizons and enrich my school life.
I want to tell you some details about the camp first.
The camp will be held in my school next Saturday.
And many other middle school students will take part in the camp as well.
Therefore, we can communicate with each other very well.
Well, I have two main reasons why I want to join it.
The first one is that the dragon boat race is one of the most important traditions in China.
And people treasure it very much.
You can know it's a very funny and wonderful activity.
What's more, I can improve myself in the camp and learn many things that can't be found in the books.
I look forward to your joining very much.
Wish you good luck.
Recently, Chinese demand for gold keeps increasing for several months.
The reasons of people's love for gold can be divided into two segments.
One is that gold is the sole non-credit currency as a result of its own values.
Consequently, the government is inclined to deem gold storage as a crucial measure to adjust to market and take precautions against inflation, which is pervasive and vogue around the globe.
The other reason comes from exquisite ornaments.
Owing to gold's perfect ductility, various ornaments are made of gold.
In addition, the color of yellow was the exclusive color for the imperial household in ancient China.
Hence Chinese regard gold as an emblem of honour.
They also extend their best wishes to new couples by giving them gold ornaments.
As for other countries, there is also a tremendous demand for gold.
For instance, India is the most gold-love country.
Whether the young or the old, they both enjoy wearing gold ornament.
To draw a conclusion, people's love for gold is closely related to personal interests and investment.
Because of going to USA,when I come back to my hometown----Binzhou,Shandong,China,it is only 3 days before The Spring Festival,and everyone is busy.I helped my grandparents clean our house,we believed we can sweep away the bed luck.
On the NewYear's Eve,our family ate dumplings together.Of course,there is also much other delicious food,I even drink a cup of wine!We ate together as chated and watched TV.We all very deligheful.
Tomorrow,we went to visit my friends and relatives,and during the days after NewYear's Eve,many friends invited me to eat some delicious food together.But I really hate it,because I nearly have no time do my home work!And this is why I written this essay so late.Sorry ,teacher.
Because of the serious problems caused by people's private cars.Now the government in Beijing have already take some measures to limite the use of private cars.With the development of our enconomy,each family can raise one or even more cars.That caused so many problems about environment.After taken this measures,our city had changed a lot.
You won't see the road to be crowed anymore.And you can enjoy the freash air during the day.When you walking along the road side,you won't be mad just because the noise made from the cars.However every coin have two sides.Limiting the use of private cars also has some disadvertiges.PRivate cars can help us to go everywhere in everytime.After limiting the cars,it maybe bring some people inconvient.It is unconvient to bring too mush things when you go out.And to take bus will waste you so much time in the road.You can't control youself if you didn't drive youself.
What i'm saying is,we can use our private cars in a property way.We need to know that cars are just a kind of trsnsport.It's not the symbol of our rich.We can regrad the cars as luxary goods.We need to think about the environment we are living first.What can you do with your private cars if you lose everythings?We need to think about it and try our best to improve this problem.
IN recent years,There has emerged an interesting phenomenon that more and more are talking about the choice between city and country.Here are some different ideas about city and country.
There are some advantages about the city.First, education that city can offer is exceedingly well.
Children who are living in the city have a clear classroom for studying.However, a poor classroom is provided for those student where in the country.
Second,It's convenient to go anywhere.For example, if you want to go shopping you can drive your own car or take a bus.What's more,if you want to visit your friends you can go there by air.
Third, city with the rapidly developing have more job opportunities,especially for young people.All in all, living in the city can provide easy access to work,shopping,entertainment and so on.
In contrast, country also has many advantages.
The first things that should be mentioned here is that you will see blue sky,green grass and clear river.
You can breathe fresh air,as well.
The environment of countryside is good for peoples' health, especially for the old.Another thing which can't be ignored here is that countryside almost have no traffic jam.
Therefore,it won't take many hours to go anywhere.Finally,There are less burden and stress.Especially,people will have a great emotion with living in the countryside.
In conclusion,country life is very appealing.
As far as I'm concerned,both city and country have lots of advantages.One coin has two sides.City and country also have disadvantages.
If I have a chance to chose,I will work hard in the city when I'm young and I will live in the country when I am an old man.What's about your answer.
I think the group learning good.
Group learning,forming a loose,democratic,harmonious teaching atmosphere,we compete in collaboration,namely the individual competition for the team competition.In order to achieve the purpose of the collective,everyone has to touch,make the greatest efforts for the success of this group.
It can improve the student's enthusiasm for unity and cooperation.Heip the teacher to the student management.Aiso can the friendship between classmates.Each group of leaning good can drive the study not good progress together.
Therefore,group learning is a kind of good study menthod.Let's come together!
I choose friends very simple.
I like to make friends with others.
and responsible friends.
First.We have the same hobbies and interest.
A person who has many friends enjoys life more.
I hope in my heart .I feel her is my sister .After we all study havemeal play games.
A friend is easier lost than found.
There are friends I choose.
As the saying goes,in our daily life,frustration in everywhere.Frustration is our life a part.Have frustration life is the perfect life,when we deal with frustration,we will become more and more mature.
At present,college students deal with frustration ability is more poor.For example,some students have difficult in study,thinking self could not deal with it and gradually lost interest in learning.
At fist,as a teacher,they need cared more about students and encourage the students,at daily life they can make good friend with students.Second,as parents,at ordinary times,they could often communicate with children,encourage children,with children deal with children's difficult that children confronted.Third,as a college students,when we have difficult,we should find the way to deal with and not run away.
What is happiness?of course,different person has distinct opinion.
For instance,as for successful people,their happiness means one word-succcessful.
Whatever academic or business,they will work harder than before to get a sense of achievement.
For some ordinary people,maybe have a stable job or don't lack money.
But my understanding of happiness is more simple.
First of all,my family are well being,after that,do something both I'm interesting and making a living,third,some good friends stand by me.
Finally,marry a man who I love.relationship,love,career,and friendship are my understanding of happiness.
There are many factors that can be linked to success.As for abraham lincoln,the decisive factor of success is sufficient preparations.He once said ,"Give me six hours to chop down a tree,and I ill spend the first four sharpening the axe.
"We can learn a lot from the wisdom of his words.
Success never happen accidentally.Only by making full preparation,can you achieve your goal.We can take Bill Gates for a site.This brilliant man created his computer empire"MICROSOFT" when he was only around twenties.He could never have had such success if he had merely waited for an opportunity.In fact,his preparations started when he was a child.Bill gates mastered designing computer programs when he was a teenager.what's more,his idea of inventing Microsoft came into being before he went to college.The tremendous success of Microsoft comes from nealy 30-year hard working.
As university students ,aiming high is quite necessary.However,we should focus on the reality and have enough hard-working rather than dreaming all day and waited for success coming to us.Although it is never easy to succeed,you can still be somebody like Lincoln and Bill Gates by making full preparation.
Being a product of high-technology, Internet and computers are being more and more widely used in our life.
They can offer us fast and convenient service for communication.
Recently years, computers and the Internet become popular among university students.
Quite lots of them used them at school to keep in touch with their families and friends instead of going home to see them in person or writing letters.
Which, of course brings conveniences to them, but I think it is don't good to do so.
Internet makes electronic communication convenient, but it will never replace face-to-face contact.
Both electronic communication and face-to-face contact are important in our life.
What we should do it to apply each communication ways in the right way.
Technology development enables us to communication with parents and friends,but it is face-to-face contact that depends the feelings and emotions between people and people.
Nowadays there are been a heated discussion on the issue of college granduates' employment problems.In a word,I take a dim view of this.
According to a recent survey,the major of the student want to be civil servarer.That is so called the craze for civil service examinations.And to the contrany,few students get devoted to building theirselves bussniss.The rest of the students get to apply for a job consistented with their major.Of course,many people is unemployded.
There are differ from male to female.In a general way,female always want to find a steady job then get married.But for male,they are all about money because of high housing price.
With the rapid development of science and technology in China,an increasing number of student come to realize that it is also of practical use to stick to the saying: Rome was not built in a day.Learned majoy well,you can find a good job.
In our class,Most students eat heathy good.However,a lot of studenta don"t have heahty snacks and drinks.
Most students drinks some water everydaybut a lot of students have more than two drinks with sugar.
So,we are eat heathy food.
Nowadys, a heated topic apeared In the internet about whether college students should hire cleaners.
Some say they should do it.
but as for me, i support the other that college students should not hire cleaners.
In my opinion, there are two reasons that can prove it.
The first is that students should learn how to live and how to arrange their time appropriately.
For one thing, it can strenghten our ability, And why we go to college the reason is that we should learn how to become indepent and how to serve; For another, we should form a good habit and become a diligent person.
the latter is that we spend our parents' hard-earned money, we kown they pay a lot for those.
We can't be too selfish to enjoy ourselves.
We should cherish their love and appreciate it.
So, i think they should not hire cleaners.
In short, doing what we can do is very important.
No matter the reasons are, it's just pretext.
Because we do those, we don't need cleaners.
Not only should we need do those housework, but also we should help our parents to do some to show our gratitude to them.
I am Li Hua.
Our school has an English school magazine.
There is a program called Foreign Culture.
We need a short essay about festival customs and middle school students' life in the United States.
I think you can do it well.
It is best to write the local difference from that in China.
And I suggest you write it more active.
Sure, you should write it uses about 400 words.
You'd better finish the essay before 6.28.
And send it to my email as soon as possible.
As everyone knows,smoking is not a good thing.Not only it damages smoker's health,but also ruins someone's health who is nearby a smoker.So smoking does not matter a person but many people in social.
I think someone who want to have a cigarette may have too much pressure and doesn't know how to release.Even though smoking is the only way to relax.However,Why someone have to smoke?Maybe it just a habit to smoke and for nothing.China have a long history of smoking,a plenty of people are addicted to smoking and can't help themselves.The smokers not only hurt themselves but also influence other people.Some teenagers try to smoke because of their tender age.Actually, it goes ill with them.Some people smoke in public,Which is really lack of civism.
In order to strengthen protection of minors and improve people's health,the government should publish some policies.
So I think it should smoking be banned in China.
With the pressure of employment becoming more based, many people come off with other way like civil service.
Civil service exam in China national administration authority in the selection of the civil servants employed people identify a certain way.It usually by the examination paper, inquiry, practical operation test, psychological tests to measure and assess enter oneself for an examination the civil service knowledge, ability, professional and technical level, personality and moral situation whether accord with the requirement of state administrative organs in some position.Then a comprehensive evaluation of the results, and on this basis to decide whether to hire.Because enter oneself for an examination the swelling of civil servants, and college students' employment has been falling, civil service exam is known as "China's first exam ".
Of course, this job is steady.It's salary is not high, but its benefit is good.It's vocation also has much such as the National legal holidays.As a relational job, it is not a surprise that it becoming "China's first exam ".
As far as I am concerned, the civil service exam heat will continue to rise.And this phenomenon also are not necessarily a bad thing.And this phenomenon also are not necessarily a unfavorable thing.The fierce competition in the civil service exam can enhance its competition and service consciousness, competition is advantageous to the administrative department of the government to establish perfect incentive mechanism, to improve the quality of the public sector human resources, improve the efficiency of the government, try our best to meet the demand of the public, to serve the people heart and soul.
Nowadays,a great number of problems in our Quality-Oriented Education System is becoming more and more obvious.Under the control of that rigid education system.Us students are forced to adjust ourselves to it.As time goes by,we can create nothing but do exercise.Moreover,it seems that trying hard to get a good marks is the standard of our education rather than to search for enjoyment .
At the matter of fact, the fundamental problem of us Quality-Oriented education system isn't occur suddenly.Facing the current situation.we can't come up with a appropriate way to Investigate our level in the study.
Quality-Oriented Education System is considered that the most fair selection method to select our qualified college students.
facing the serious situation.in my opinion.to contribute another system is also a good choice to select talent such as forming a way to those who have special skills.
in addition.our schools should cultivate students' active learning, independent thinking, and training students' practice ability and creative spirit.
only in this way,can we have a bright future of our education system.
Recently I have carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of them who had a positive attitude to the Interent said we can access information via it as well as broaden our minds.What's more,the Internet makes ti possible for us to communicate woth each other whenever and wherever.And we share our ideas and photos freely.We are able to surf the Internet in order to relax ourselves when we are exhausted.
In others opinion ,going online frequenly has many disadvantages.The reasons are follow.When we go online ,we sit too close to the screen and it's bad for our eyesight.Some students even be hooked on computer games and chatting.It makes difference to their study and dailylife.
In my view,the Internet has both positive and negative influence on us.What we should do is using the Internet in a right way and let ie be our teacher and friend.
I am a student from AnHui province and this is my first time living in HeNan province.
So the fall is the first season that I have crossed.
Now winter is on the road, the season not like summer.
Trees are very green and we can see green grass everywhere out of doors.
We also can listen to songs from birds, and we can see many beautiful flowers.
Nevetheless now, some leaves have fallen down, and many birds have vanished from sight.
Grass has become yellow.
Though some trees are green, they are not full of vitality.
Before winter comes is not a beautiful time, but it is a good time for people to study or do some outdoor action.
For example, going fishing, going hiking and so on.
So some person like doing exercise in the time.
We students also take part in many sports, such as playing basketball and ping-pong.
They can keep us healthy and make us feel happy every day.
So we should do more exercise in the time, if we can make it.
I suppose that we will make our life extremely beautiful.
Nowadays more and more people like to choice traveling abroad.
And the number of people traveling abroad seems to increase in the next decade.
There are many reasons can accounting for this question.
Firstly, with the time passing by and the development of economy in our country, increasingly people have enough money to travel abroad to travel abroad.
Secondly, people can find some informations from internet which can make them more dream to go abroad to experience some very different culture.
Thirdly, the government makes the procedure more and more convenient and people do not need spend too much money and time.
So they would like to travel abroad.
In my opinion, traveling abroad can make people around the world to know more about each other.
And traveling abroad can make learn some advantages from developed country and use them make our country more beautiful.
I had a personal experience at home, it made my life unforgettable, but also a rare experience of my life.
My parents are always worried about me, they don't let me watch TV,don't let me eat snacks, sometime I even hope he can put me a person in the home.
One time, my parents went out, I was a man at home, on one to take care of me, I felt very happy, after shool to go home.
I put my bag on the sofa, and then began to play computer, play to the very late and I went to shool hugry stomach, I will go home hungry stomach, I will go home at night will not cook,can only hungry belly.
This experience made me understand that I can't be too dependent on my parents.
People often think happiness is based on what you achieve and acquire.
The whole life would improve if they had new cars and beautiful houses, which is a common situation.
Most people know that money can not buy happiness, most of them act as though it does.
Body, mind, emotions, and spirit are all just different aspects of each person.
Affecting any one of the affects the others.
The bad news that stress contributes to physical disease, emotions, distress, interpersonal problems and limitations in thinking relating, and performing.
Which is the reason why they want to have much money to buy comfortable life.
Maybe when they live in the beautiful houses, They will see everything with smile, but I think this is happiness of subconsciousness.
More and more people start to seek quality life, they just consider money is the top thing in their mind.
However, they do not think about health, friendship, love.
Imagine that when you are cooking in the kitchen, your child gives you a towel.I think this is the happiness.
In my opinion, only our families have a happy life, this is the happiness in my mind.
most people have great lives, but they do not appreciate them.
Value the happiness in your life, do not treasure it just when you lose it.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.I also take part in some after-school activities,such as social activities,physical education,watching English moives and so on.And it makes me open my eyes,helps me with my English to improve my English progress.
I will give you some suggestions about how to choose a good atfter-school activity.First,you should choose that what is your interst.Second,It had better be good for your study.The last one as well as the most important one is that taking part in this activities can make you feel freedom and happy.
Nowdays many people prefer online shopping because it plays a significant role in our daily life.
Generally, its advantages can be seem as follows.
On the one hand, online shopping save a lot of time for people , and it gives more space let people to choose.
On the other hand, it makes shopping more and more convenient , people can stay at home then to buy what they need ang want, though it windy or rainy or snowy .
But everything can be divided into two.
The negative aspects are also apparent.One of the important disadvantages is that we can't touch the things what we buy, we will worried about its quality, also we can't try it on before we buy it.
Through the above analysis, I believe that the positive aspects far out weight its negative aspects.
Whatever effects it has ,one thing is certain, online shopping itself is neither good or bad.
It is the uses to which it is put that determine its value to our society.
The Learning in a variety of ways, learning is the natural way it differs from man.
A good way of learning is extremely beneficial to our learning, but the unfavorable way of learning is harmful to our learning.
ls advantageous in can shorten the time for our study, And improve our study efficiency.
However, dreadful way of leaning will make our study into a dilemma.
I most like the study way is to understand the teacher class content,understand the knowledge associated with it.After that,for the preview text.They do not understand the content,ask the teacher or classmates.Last,review the text and do the exercises.
This is my love of learning,because it can be more effective to let me learn.And this is my way of learning.Learning in a variety of ways, it differs from man.I think that is best suited to their own.
If my foreign friends come to China.
I will choose Beijing as our first destination.
Because Beijing is the capital city of China.
China has many places of interest.
But my favorite is Beijing.
In Beijing.
I like forbidden city,the great wall and summer place.
I am totally fascinated by it's culture.
Go to Beijing for the first time I was 6 years old,only know that playing at that time,not have any opinion on it.
In Beijing,I most impress is the Beijing duck fell very decilious.Now is still very aftertaste.I felt the wealther in Beijing was hot,also very dry.
In fact.Even many foreigners know more things about Beijing that I know.It makes me fell kind of embarrassed.
To some extant,the beijing muicipal my favourate,but there are many beautiful place in China.For example:Guilin landscape,the there gorges dam,hangzhou.
So I am looking forward to paying a visit to Beijing and looking around all the mounments in Beijing.
improve the level of knowledge, in order to better practice.Enjoy the scenery, art will be more standard.
So reading is very important, it is for each of US growth and learning is really important.
Nowadays, many people begin using the Internet to get news, while others still read newspapars.
They think the Internet is a good tool to read news.
In my point of view, I agree with their idea.
The internet is a better source of news because its merit outweigh its demerits.
There are several reasons to support my view.
First of all, the Internet is a convenient and quick way to get news.
When you want to know there is any news today, you can read them by the Internet at home.
Campared with newspaper, the Internet is an environment friendly reading way and you do not need to go out to buy newspaper.
And you can save money of buying newspaper.
Second, you can look for any news that you are interested and the newspaper has not.
Sometimes there are so many advertisement on newspaper that you can not get important news.
Finally, the Internet is a complete informantion centre.
You can read news yesterday or last year with clicking your mouse.
Compared with newspaper, you can not hold all of newspaper.
And you can get more information on the Interner, but sometimes newspaper just says a few.
Above of all,the Internet is a better way to get news.
Ever since I first met my admirable friend Lily on-holiday camp several years ago, she has been my favourite, irreplaceable companion.
My kindred spirit.
The first thing you notice about her, are her brown eyes, small upturned nose and large sensuous mouth, which make her face very photogenic.
At first glance you can also see her long, black hair, as well as slender body which make her look really amazing.
As a rule she enjoys wearing atypical clothes.
The most characteristic thing about Lily is her unprecedented sense of humour.
It is rare to cheer everybody up in different situations, yet she always manages to do so.
Moreover, she is the life and soul of a party, which makes her extremely sociable.
Pointing our her tendency to be incredibly precise and insistance an perfection.
Some people claim she may seem quick-tempered but in reality deep down, she is really an amiable person.
Lily has a very unpredictable lifestyle, for this reason she spends a lot of time exercising.
In her spare time she goes either to a swimming pool or climbing in the mountains which I admire most.
In the future she would love to fulfil one of her childhood dreams, namely to become an actress.
To sum up, Lily really deserves admiration due to her ambition and optimism.
She shows people how to be a better person.
I hope our friendship will never end.
Everyone knows that the food goes into the body through the mouth ,gullet and stomach.And then what causes it to be digested to send nutritious food to cells .People gets energy to do what they want to do through this way.People found out many things about the digest by an experiment .Dr.William Beaumont found out by observing a wounded stomach that what gave rise to digestion ,a process of the changes in food as it went through the digestive tract was juice.And Ivan P.Pavlov found out how the juice was created .When food enters the mouth ,a nerve impulse goes to the medulla ,and nest is sent back to the stomach.And then muscles contract and the cells secret their juice in the stomach and gastrin ,a hormone which makes the stomach's juice-secreting cells pour out more juice ,into the blood.In four or five hours,it enters the intestine, which bring about a whole new set of cells secreting in the intestine as well as in the liver and the pancreas.And the food is small enough to be moved by the cells of the intestine into the blood vessels.
Anumber of factors could account for the issue but the following are the most critical one.Fist of all ,they think the lessons unimportance.May be they lesson that they like class.What's more ,perhapes they feel boring and they doesn't intersting.In addition,the teather teached bad lead to people doesn't like.
As far as I am concerned,although the universitise appear on the stage to keep students turn out to work quotienty but effect don't clear.I think this issue may lead to serious consequences.For one thing Theory knowledge does not.For another,the exam has faiult.
Luoxuejuan is a beactiful girl who come from Zhejiang.When she was young .She trained swim all the time.2004 in the Athens Olympics to break the record,won the 100 m champion.2003 in the word championships in Barcelona to get three gold medals.Louxuejuan,a chinese favorite swimmer.She is a nice girl,and she is good at swimming.In 2005,she won the first prtze in Olympics.Now,her body is not good ,so she have to give up swimming in the future,she study in Beijing University.
Nowadays,more and more people died because of car incident,and there is a result attributed the needless slaughter on street and highways to three general causes.First,thanks to mechanical faiures,including faulty brakes and bald tyres.For example,some people didn't get the driving licence,but they drive, and some didn't check up the car before driving, it often cause some incidents.Another important reason is environmental conditions,it is precisely caused by blind corners,narrow street,heavy fog and intermittent rain or snow.According to this,we are supposed to pay more attention on environment.Last but not least,the third cause is errors of human judgment,such as excessive speed,drunken driving,and momentary lapses,so everyone has to read the highway code carefully,and learns how to be a legal citizen.
Today is first holiday,so I am excited and expect.
No school no class.
At eight,I am having breakfast.Then I am playing basketball on the playground whit my friend.I have lunch in the restaurant.After lunch we go home.At home,I am cleaning my bedroom,and my mother watching Tv.My father is playing computer games.After dinner,I am doing my homework,then I am watching tv a short time.
At ten,I am sleeping.
The life is the most beautiful.I like my holiday.
I don't envy Snow White and Cinderella.
I like simple love.
I have a good friend, I think her love simple and good.
She and her boyfriend is not a city but love has no distance.
They each other on the phone every day .
No sweet talk but very sweet.
She always eat meal not on time .she boyfriend has been used at dinner time make a phone call to her .
The weather is just beginning to get cold .
She had prepared the scarf.hat and gloves.
When her boyfriend eats what delicious food always buy some for her.
They share happy matter or solve difficult together.
Love is the little drops of the pay .
Love requires mutual understanding and trust.
According to an investigation on the sources of information about everyday people ( a questionnaire on" ways of obtaining information" ), there are almost72% people on TV to get information, only 12% people through newspapers understand world events.
In my opinion, the newspaper is a more desirable information sources.
So,I think the newspaper is a more desirable information sources.I hope , We will have the good habit of reading the newspaper.
There are a lot of interesting places in our school,for instance classrooms, reading room and playground...
Nonetheless what my favorite place is playground, because that our playground is very big and bright.
In the playground around by green trees, lawn and a rockery.
I can always hear the laughter of the students when the students are playing on the playground.
Doing exercises and major festivals are held in the playground.
At the end of the class,students can not only run and jump but also on the playground with a variety of machinery to do sports.
When I feel tired and unhappy,I am long to walk along the playground, and then I will slowly forget troubles,and exercise can make me feel relaxed and happy here.
Although our playground is small but I still love it,because playground brings me and others laugh.
It is too hard to forget this place, because in the course of school time the playground has many memories of me.
In my perspective,my favorite place in school is the playground.
Advice on college life Some people say college is a free world.
Among these people is a typical one.
As a result, the spoiled students feel that failure leaves no record and things can be easily achieved.
Obviously, college like this is not a good school for life.
After years of hard work in high school, they know that it's not easy for them to have the study chance .
They work hard day and night, read as much as possible in order to learn well enough to get into a fine graduate school.
Some of them take active part in social activities or take part-time jobs .
Without adoubt, College life is important in a student's life.
From now on, there will be no one keep telling us what we should do and what should not do.
That means we should learn o be independent, make decisions on our own, and become responsible for us.
Besides, we must learn to get well along with different people from different places.
We must broaden our view of life and the world.
By doing so, we can lead a more colorful and meaningful college life and prepare us better for a real life.
Among all the four seasons, summer is my favorite.
It's passionate and full of sweet memories.
I can wear stylish outfits in summer .
I can never be irritated by the scorching sun.
The main reason why I like summer is because it has embedded my sweet memories.
I can still remember all the good time we had in summer as a child.
We had a picnic on the little hillside.
We were running and chasing up and down, pouring water at each other.
We never had to think about our homework, and mainly, the meaning of life.
Summer is such a simple season.
But it tastes quite different.
Oh I miss my childhood.
I miss the good mood and the happy faces.
I miss the summer in my childhood.Summer is as season for growing people.
Here I am, wearing fashionable outfits with a heart full of love.
I know it, summer is just the right season for me, and it will be forever.
Last year I see a TV program.
The title is pollution.
I think pollution is the biggest trouble nowadays.
In the past people cut a lot of trees and polluted the river.
It makes the environment lose lots of things.
The air is worse than before.
People need the oxygen and can't leave it.
People need water too.
SO, we must protect the environment, otherwise we must die.
From now on we should save food, save water, save the environment.
Say goodbye to pollution.
If so our environment will better and better than before.
This is the most important..
People tired,like sitting in a room,let the body to rest tired,Heart tired,like holding a book,make blundering heart to comfort.
I think that reading has every big effect to us,for us to read more books has a very important role in the future life.Reading will not only make you grow a lot of knowledge,also can let you slowly understanding of society is very understanding.
With books!Because reading a good book is like hot summer met Yang,when you are narcissistic,give you blundering heart light bright on the cool wind.
There comes a time that more and more people attend to take part in regular exercise to keep fit.
Because exercise itself is a good thing for people and we can benefit from exercise.
As is known to all, exercise is essential for both the body and the mind.
Its benefits are evident in a host of ways: better health, increased intelligence, better looks, and so on.
First, if you tend to become more health, you should do some exercise.
Exercise will strengthen the heart, lungs, bones and muscles.
Second, exercise has benefits on the mind, and it will increase your intelligence.
For example, when you do some sports, you will feel very merry and full of energy.
Finally, if you intend to be more handsome and slim, exercise also has a positive effect on better looks.
Exercise will make you have a strong body, and it will make you look like very healthy.
So, you can see the benefits of exercise.
Doing exercise is very important to any person of any age.
Everybody knows that: the more exercise you did, the more benefits you get.
In a word, it is never too old to exercise.
The picture shows a father asked his daughter how was school today, and the girl told her father could read her blog to know.The picture let me know that more and more people use the internet to communicate each other.People less have a heart-to-heart talk.In my opinion, electronic communication couldn't replace face-to-face contact.Use electronic to communication would be more convenient, no matter how, people contact use this way cannot see the facial expressions who he/she was talking with, and that would bring more misunderstanding to you.In my point of view, the electronic communication can never replace the face-to-face contact.
Everybody wants to be someone famous.Because they think that those people are better.When I was a kid,I frequently imagined that the next day after I get up I can become the very powerful monkey-SunWukong.So I can do whatever I want to do,get whatever I need,and punish whomever I hate.But each time,I get up disappointed.Because I still was myself not that monkey...
When I am old,I want to be the people who is smarter and more beautiful than me.So I did everything following them, such as buying something they have,doing my homework when they do,reading the same book what they read...
But after did everything like this I always feel that lost my way.
As a college student, first I still followed somebody to do something.But when the work was finished,I did not feel happiness.I started thinking about why do I have a sense of unhappiness?
Even though I had done everything what can make others feel happiness.Finally,I suddenly understand that.Becaus I just always copy others,and didn't think about what I like and what I really want in my life.Sometimes it is better to learn something like good character,behavior and attitude from others.But we should aways remember that no matter what we do, we should follow ourselves idea and to certain that is what we want to do.Finally we can find out we have got the satisfaction that we never find before!
Nowadays more and more people die because of traffic accidents.
And the reasons for it include the drivers themselves and the imperfect road construction.
In fact, many drivers don't cherish their own lives as much as we do, for example, many of them drive their car after drinking a lot of alcohol or are tired while they are driving.
What's ridiculous most is they even ignore the traffic rules which are the key to keep the heavy traffic in order.
The other reason is that some road construction is not perfect and have some weak points so that it's easier that some tragic accidents happen more and more frequently.
And now we are able to attain some effective solutions according to those causes.
One is for drivers to obey the traffic rules and of course stop driving while tired or drunk.
And another is to perfect the road construction.And only by taking these into serious consideration can human beings live a better and secure life!
Chinese Dama is a group of Chinese middle-aged women.
They were born and grew in the last century, whose behaviors and hobbies are the reflection of culture of the last century.
The number of the group is even large enough to exert some influence on the world when they combine together.
As far as I can see, I regard Chinese Dama as a typical Chinese culture phenomenon.
For other countries of people, gold may only be for the investment, not hereditary treasure, not ornaments or dowry, but to Chinese people, especially Chinese Dama, it is.
For Chinese Dama, gold is a symbol of wealth and happiness.
It is a kind of typical Chinese culture, which never appears in other countries.
Gold is necessary for almost all the traditional Chinese families.
Gold is not only for life but also for investment.
Moreover, the number of Chinese Dama is very large.
Therefore, when they combined together to rush to purchase gold as an investment in the year 2013, they could become a prime force influencing the global gold market.
From this point, we can see the strong power of the special group of Chinese.
Chinese Dama's children almost all get married, and themselves are almost retired, having not many things to do all around the clock.
Doing the square dance becomes their habit, which is a habit that is particular in Chinese culture.
Our elderly people mostly tend to do the square dance or aerobics dancing for their spare time.
Other countries' elderly people never do that.
When they do the dance in front of the Lourve, it becomes the encounter of Chinese culture and the foreign culture, which is an example for Chinese culture going global.
If Chinese culture goes to foreign countries, it would be such a harmonious picture.
To sum up, Chinese Dama is a group full of Chinese particular culture.
Its number is large enough to become a big part of Chinese culture and influence other cultures in the world.
We should see them as part of our life,and treat them properly and friendly,and introduce them to the world.
They are a group that is full of the characteristics of our own culture.
It is good for our Chinese culture to go global.
My hometown is H,H has all kinds of soil,And H have a sparrow and pie The taste is great.
The ancient Chinese poet liu yuxi ,who lived here.
Here he wrote a poem called A Epigraph in Praise of My Humble Home .This poem to express his love of life and a totally noble quality.H though prices high,but the content is worth somewhat.H of an hui normal high school,but my school is not this ,my school is HeXian the second school H have a drum tower ,has a long history and great momentum.
It like the great of the ancient.
I sincerely invite you to visit my hometown.
The rivers and hills of Gulin are considered to be the best under heave.Last summer,I went to Gulin with my parents.It took us many hours to get there by train.Then we spent almost an hour going to Yangshuo in riding bicycle.On the way,we saw a lot of beauityful views,and we took many pictures there.We rode with the wind that make us feel relaxing.We rode in the sunshine that let us feel comfotable and warm.Fiinally,we got to destination.We saw the clear water of the Lijiang river.and the green plants on the muntains.We sat on the boat,difted on the water.Enjoying the pretty view around us.The sky are blue and clear with a shining sun.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.It's a such wonderful experience that I will never forget it.
Welcome to this year's English speech competition.
I feel greatly honored to have a chance to make a speech here.
As we all know,taking part in English speech competition is meanful.Students get actively involved in the competition,thus contributing to improve our abilities concerning listening and speaking.In addition,not only can it provide us with an unique opportunity to broaden our horizons ,but also we can developa good habit of reading.
When it comes to the rules which you must follow,you should listen to them caerfully.
Above all,you shall finish your speech in five minutes.
What' more, it is of vital importance to speak fluent Engish.Finally,I'm fully convinced that a sound pronunciation will make a difference.
There is a new series of logistics books which we will sell it.
These books are so good which is one of the best-selling textbooks on the market, and the textbooks sales ranked the top two in the market.
Rellable quality and reasonable prices, rapid shipment of produts is our advantage.
If you need a huge amount of these books, you can get some discount there.
As our press offers a10% discount to the comprehensive universities, and the teaching staff of this comprehensive university get a 20 per cent discount.
By the way: we will make sales promotion activity at the end before school.
If interested, please contact us as soon as possible.
It's two months since I entered high school.
Iam still remembered that while I was just a middle school student,I looked forward to experiencing the senior high school life very much.
Then one day,when I entered my new school which is one of the best schools in my hometown for the first time, it is very difficult for me to express my mood.
I was so excited that I can't say any word.
I am not an excellent student since I have lost a good chance because of carelessness.
Then I am even not confident.
It is very terrible.
Of course, I am sadder and more nervous than before.
However,I have been changed now.
It is also said that failure is the mother of success.
I will do something to change the situation.
After about 15 days' learning,there are also some problems that make me very worried.
I can't pay all my attention to listening to our teachers who are all excellent people in class.
It is a serious problem because listen carefully in class is one of the most necessary things for us to do.
Nevertheless, I don't know how to deal with it.
I'm extremely regret not to say goodbye face to face in that my Chinese family has some trouble,I have to return home immediately.I think you're attending the speech contest at this time, so I have no opportunity to interpret the the situation .Iwill solve the matter as soon as possible and I will turn back one day.At that time,I will take some Chinese snacks to express my sorry.
Wish you can win the first at the contest and make your dream come ture.Please wait for me to explain to you.Thank you very much.
Trade deficits and manufacturing decline are the legacies of NAFTA and the WTO because they were fatally flawed.
Existing trade agreements should be repaired and rebuilt before moving ahead with another round of broad,new trade deals.
Soho lifestyle is becoming more and more popular , especially young people.
There are many reasons that can contribute to this phenomenon.
One of the main reasons seems to be that people want to be made their own decisions on time and income .They want to avoid traffic jam at the rush hour.
They also want to make their own schedule and have more time with their families.
As a result, people prefer to work home to going to the company .
People can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home, and they also may feel relaxed and less stress to make full use of their talents.
With the development of this lifestyle, soho lifestyle may become a serious problem among many people.
This lifestyle can cause lacking of communication between people.
In my opinion , soho lifestyle is convenient and we can get more time to have a well-balanced life by taking good care of both our jobs and families.
We also need to use more time going out to enjoy staying together with our families and friends.
Healthy or not determines a person's quality of life.
Lifestyle means a way of life that reflects the attitudes and values of a person or group.
Lifestyle and health are two very important parts of our lives.
And also there is a connection of them.
According to World Health Organization data show that: According to the WHO data show the determinants of health following aspects, lifestyle accounted 60 percent.
So a healthy lifestyle is important to us.
Doing exercise is a good way to keep yourself healthy.
Exercise makes you fitter and helps you relax.
Having a good diet is very important.
This means eating lots of different kinds of food and lots of fresh fruit and vegetables.
One way to keep fit is to sleep early at night and get up early in the morning.
This ensures that the sleep hours are maintained at a good level.
Keeping optimistic is also a good way to keep a healthy lifestyle.
As the proverb says: cheerfulness is health.
Its opposite melancholy is disease.
And some tips to keep a healthy lifestyle are do not drink too much, no smoking, drink proper water and must have breakfast.
As long as you can pay attention to these aspects you will become healthy.
My hero is not a cartoon character, but our life, she is very important to me.
My hero is my English teacher, remember once, when we just finished the exam soon, the teacher announced results, when I heard my score, my score is not hit the target I set, I was very upset,At this time, my English teacher called me to the office with me, although you do not meet your goals, but your progress is not small, the teacher also think you can achieve your goals, and you have to do better, better.
At this time, I feel that the teacher is not just our teacher, more important, she is more like my parents, so care for us, and help us grow.
I think my English teacher is my hero, she not only in my most need help, give me the greatest help, and encourage, let me have more forward momentum and energy.
That's my English teacher gave me.
What's learned from books is superficial.
It's crucial to have it personally tested somehow.
The social practice passed of a month, but I absorbed a lot of things, such as we need to learn into work, deal with the relationship between colleagues and I, and these things will make me benefit.
Although a month of practice makes me feel extremely tired and hard, I can't take in in University textbooks and my teachers.
It is important that we train from the social practice.
It let me understand what is working, make me know how to contact with theory and action together, and have me recognize that I have communication ability.
The base's work is communicating and comprehension, good communication will be half of success.
All in all, our college students should participate in social practice.
You asked me about Chinese Spring Festival in your last massage and now I'd like to give you some introduction.
The Spring Festival is the most inportant festival in China.People often begin to get ready for the celebration a week before the New Year's Eve.They usually decorate the doors and windows with red papercuts because they think red represents good luck.People also clean their house to sweep bad luck away.
On the New Year's Eve ,the whole family get together for a big meal and sit together with talking and laughing.When it's midnight,the sky is filled with colourful fireworks.
During the festival,people usually put up new clothes and visit relatives and friends.Everone say:"Happy New Year!
"to each other.The festival lasts about two weeks and ends with Lantern Festival.
The Spring Festival brings winter to an end and is the symbol of the new year.It gives everyone a chance to relax and prepare for the next year.
With the development of modern technology,computer has become more and more widely used .
So that almost every college students have a computer.
There is no consensus of opinions among people as to the view of this .
Many people maintain a firm belief that with the computers' help it is much more convenient er for students to gain the information which is needed in their studies .
It can help to save a lot of time that students can do more other things.So it can be surely do good to them.
However, others hold distinct views.
They contend that computer can not play a good role in students' life.
Because some of the students' self control ability is poor.
The computer games may take much of their time.The results must be that students spend less time in learning.
As far as I am concerned , the key is on students themselves .
The way how they use the computer leads to the result.
Only if when they make good use of it ,then it will do great good to them from every aspect.
Today,the development of fashion,more and more university students like to pursue famous brands,and this phenomenon is more and more common.What do you think it is good or bad?
However,people take different views on this question.Many people opposed this phenonmenon,like some save money on food and expenses students or hard working parents.
They think it is disadvantage to our study and form a good habit of consumotion.
As far as I'm concerned ,I think pursue famous brands on one hand university student to search for personal development, on the other hand I think pursue famous brands is kind of position performance.But,as the saying goes"industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality her left".We should focus on our studies rather than pursuing famous brands.
My favorite animal is a panda.
It is big.
It's white and black.
It has two small ears.
It has tow black eyes four lags and short tail.
It can swim.
It lives in the China.
It eats bamboo.
In modern times, Smart phone get great developing.They are small with huge functions, people can use them anytime and anywhere.Sometimes they help us, but the most time they are not good for our conversation, in my opinion.
For example, when we are in a new location, they can support me find the place where we want to go.It is helpful.However, they also take trouble to us.From this picture we can see, The senior people of family have prepared a table of food for their children.But their children play phone of all.How upsets they are.At the same time, people like to talk with the person who they don't know.Therefore we ignore the people who stay around us.
According to those, so I think smart phone's rapid developing is not good for our life.
With the improved standard of information technology,high technology product is playing a more and more important role in our daily life.
While it is widely believed that technology product will finally replace the traditional books, I believe that the latter will be the winner.
Although online bookstores provide people with convenience,this kind of reading habit suffers from disadvantages that it does harm people's eyesight.
Researches show that the proportion of weak-eyed college students reached 84.7% last year.
Apart from that,most of us can't resist the temptation of online world so once we decided to use Internet we will not focus on what we are doing and waste precious time on something meaningless.
Moreover, reading online doesn't mean you can get it for free, first you have to enroll in the website or be a member of a group, at least you 've got to pay some money.
On the contrary, traditional books have some merits which high technology product can't match up to.
Lying on an armchair and enjoying the warm sunshine while reading a book ,you can easily enter the spiritual world of the author and making communication with the author himself.
In addition you can write down your feelings and inspirations at any time and any place you would like to.
Last but not least ,after reading a paperback edition you can reach a sense of achievement which you can never gain through money.
Traditional books may have some disadvantages but the advantages far outweigh them.
Attitudes towards high technology products vary from person to person, while I hold the opinion that technology product will never replace the traditional books.
When I had finished watching the movie,I was excited and wanted to watch it again.I 'm impressed with red.
Cause he is a smarty pants and he never give up hope.He once said a word.He said:"Fear can hold you prisoner.
Hope can set you free.
".He didn't cry when he was thrown into prison though he was innocent.
