All the individuals living in times of peace, want to their life will be filled with happiness.
Each person on the face is permeated with a happy smile.
The future road will be also long, but the roughest road often leads to the top.
All in all, we cannot live without favorable environment, but at the same time we must try to find out new ways to cope with problems that would arise.
This needs us to make efforts together.
We should try our best to do what we are supposed to do now.
If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a lot of time dealing with a life you don't want.
Let us together build a better home.
That's my ideal urban in the future.
All our dreams can come true if we possess the courage to pursue them.
In china the death penalty has a history more than thousands of years.
The public have a stereotype about the death penalty.
If you kill others or commit a serious crime,you would be a sentence to death.Traditionally, Most Chinese claim that it is a kind of retribution.Most of us hold that we should pay our whole life.However,it is too extreme.
Whether the existence of the death penalty is effective or not,which is a problem we should ponder over.
So far, nobody has provide full evidence to prove the value of the death penalty.
Nobody can promise that it can prevent the crime and decrease the rate of the crime.
When the criminal is the sentence to death,others and the victims only get a kind of comfort from this.The purpose of criminal law mainly are preventing the criminal violate the law again and others to crime.
Yes,it is true that the first purpose has come true.
But the second is still unfilled.
However,it costs a lot to let the first one carry into effect.
But life imprisonment will take the same .
And during the rest life, he may contribute to the society.
In real life, there sometimes are some mistakes about when the judge make a decision.
If the judge sentence someone to death by mistake, what a pity it is.
Everyone has only one life.
In this situation, no matter how sorry you feel, the end is irrevocable.
Many people make a crime accidentally.
A bad idea occur to him which may change all his life.
After that, he must be regretful for what he has done .
To some extents, we should give them a chance to correct their mistake.
Of course, here I am not saying not to sentence them but not the death penalty.
The most essential thing is that all of us deserve a right to live.
Nobody can deprive it.
We all in favour of humanism.
We try to build a harmonious society.
The basic thing we should make sure is that everyone has a right of life.
But comparing to humanism the death penalty is so violent and cruel.
Everyone should respect life.
I do not mean that the death penalty is otiose, I am just considering that we can find another way to replace it,such as life imprisonment.
I believe that one day we will abolish it.
It needs time.
Now if we want to abolish it,it must be a tough thing.
It requires developed economy and stable social environment.
And everyone must receive a good education to improve their cognition.
Then they will realize that how significant our right is.Undoubtedly, it is a great project that require long time and a lot of effort.
In some ways,it is a project as difficult as to a revolution.But I still believe it will come true, because history is always making progress but not backing.
I think chinese is important for you .You can take chinese's study class.
It's good for you to learn chinese.
And you can watch chinese movies and tv .Because it can imporve your english still.
You can watch word to pratice chinese.
Sing chinese songs is a good idea.
You can sing it anytime .When you learn chinese you should found a partner to pratice .So you can make a chinese friend.
I think he will help you more.
I hope your chinese will study good.
Nowadays,online shopping become moore and more popular all over the world.Many people prefer to buy things online rather than go to the real shops.Thus,a few people predict that the ordinary shopping will soon be replaced by the online shopping.
Well,in my humble opinion,I disapprove this view.Definately,online shopping make our life more comfortable and convenient.However,we should pay more attention to the importance of real shops and we also cannot ignore the disadvantage of online shopping.First,online shopping is sometimes insecurity.A lot of people are cheated or tempted by some dishonest oline traders.As a consequence,they usually lose much money.
But such case rarely happens in real shops.Futhermore,we can't guarantee the quality of the things bought onlines.In contrast,we may choose the purchases we want freely and altepnatively.What's more, some things aren't available on the Internet,whlie they could acquired in the real shops.
Last but not the least,only when we shop in the real shops can we enjoy the true fun of shopping In a nutshell,we can't deny that online shopping play an important role in our daliy life,yet the traditional shopping is more basic and essential.I can't imagine if there is no real shop,what will our life be like?
I went to qinhuangdao with my father,mother and my brother when i was a little girl.we went there by train.
We staid there 3 days.There is a big beach at there.Weplayed on the beach and we swam in the sea.We took many photos with my parents.
I am so happy.
At there,i eatenmany kinds of fish and fish are delicious.I am very like Qinhuangdao.And ithank to my parents because they brought me happiness.
What's more,I'm very happy at there.
If you ask me which Chinese singer I would like most.I will tell you without hesitation.he is Lam JJ.
JJ was born in Singapore in March 27, 1981,but his ancestral home was FuJian province in China.He is a very great singer who has created so many wonderful songs.I still remember one of his into pieces which is called JiangNan.JJ is a creative singer,he wrote lots of romantic songs which expressed his own opinions towards the world.He is such a talented person that you can hardly not like him the moment you heard his songs.
I have became JJ's fans since I was a secondary school student.
At that time,I almost buy all the CD players of JJ,and I used to buy his posters after school.In my eyes,he is a man who is full of energy and romance .He is a man with passion towards life,and he is always positive towards life.
I still remember that once there is something wrong with his throat and he cannot sing for nearly a month.
You cannot imagine how he managed to pass that unhappy month.It is his strong will that gives me the model of a hero.Since then,I learned his spirit that we should never give up.
Lam JJ has released many beautiful songs,and he also won lots of awards in his music career.I consider he is a successful singer who write his own songs and express his ideas in his own ways.If you are interested in his songs.Mayde I can introduce you several fantastic songs which I think is worth to listen to.
Contact me if you want to know more about JJ,and I will be glad to tell you more details.
After two weeks study of this new term, I have though a lot what I should do this semester.
During two weeks study I think I should pay more attention to my study try to reduce times of playing the computer.
Instead of doing something good for me read some books and get over my question on the study.
In our class I think after the vacation we all have changed a lot, for example last semester when the teacher was not at class we always get noise.
But this term I think we who used to be very naughty have been grew up when the teacher was not at class we all do our homework quiet.
Second I think I have difficultly in studying physics which is the most difficult subject.
I need to do more exercise about physics to improve myself.
Now I have been try my best to learn other curriculums.
I have confident study good.
I have changed my attitudes towards to study.
Third I think we should do more reading practice to improve ourselves.
Last for our class we can make some rules for the students who like talk.
Britain, the whole is the UnitedKingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
It consists of four countries: England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, and some other small islands.
It is separated from the continent of Europe by the North Sea, the Dover Channel and the English Channel.
The UnitedKingdom is located on the islands of West Europe with an area of 243,000 squre kilometers.
Its Capital is London, the city of London is an economy, politics and culture in one place.
Here, you can appreciate the wide of the Thames, Big Ben's majesty.
English is this country's mother tongue.
The UnitedKingdom is a parlimentary constitutional monarchy.
In this country, the king is the head of state, however, the real power in the cabinet, actually.
﻿In the 1970s, with the development of the population of China, China began to implement a nationwide family planning policy-called the "one-child policy", which causes couples are strongly discouraged from having more than one child.
And the policy is intended to adjust and control the growth of the population of China so that the population growth can be in accordance with the development of society and economy.
The policy has had some positive effects on our nation before, however, at the present situation of China, one-child policy may lead to more negative effects, and so one-child policy should be abandoned.
First is the over-aging problem.
As rapid decrease of birth rate and longer life expectancy, there are more senior citizens and greater ratio between elderly parents and adult children.
In China, most families have 4 grandparents, 2 parents and only one child.
And this couples is responsible for their parents and the child.
Their pressures are increasing.
Their child will have same or even more pressure in the future.
According to the National Bureau of statistics announced the sixth national census data in 2011,60 years old and above accounted for 13.26% of the population.
 years old and above accounted for 7% the population is called aging society.
That our country is an aging country.
Aging country has many problems, for instance, lacking labor force, social burden becoming heavily, so we need to have a second child.
Another negative effect of One Child Only Policy is gender imbalance.
Chinese tradition is that boys are superior to girls, especially in underdeveloped areas, they prefer boys to girls.
So a lot of people,especially old people who in 60s want their children to give birth to boys.
Some more serious, after knowing their daughter-in-law have conceiving a girl, they even abort the baby.
This phenomenon is even more serious in rural areas.
According to the National Bureau of statistics announced the sixth national census data in 2011,the proportion of males to females is 118:100,which means there are more and more bachelors.
From the viewpoint of the one-child family, one-child policy also causes some serious problems in the education and growth of the only child.
Such as the loneliness, bigger and heavier pressure only child must undertake and the increasing of children's psychological problems.
These children can't learn and promote each other from brothers and sisters.
They are lack of communication,some children even become odd and selfish, because the children who live in the one-child family don't know share things they have .
Several children supported parents previously, but now only one child supports parents, which is difficult for these children .
Considering the over population problem, China put forward the one child only policy.
However, now the over population problem has been solved to some extent,the family planning policy is not suitable for the present situation of China , and it has may negative effects not only for the society but also for the family , so One-Child Policy should be abandoned.
My farther is the one I love most .He is the greatest man I have ever met in this whole world.
When I was a child ,my farther had such big strong arms that he ld hold me on the top of his head and I could see whatever I wanted to in the crowded cinema .He with his powerful feet in my school .
As the growth of the age ,the more I realize I have a great farther .He has to do lots of works every day ,what's more ,he is working until midnight .But he has no complaints .He try his best to our requirements and always keep his promises .
In my life, my farther is like a big tree, under the tree, I grow up happily and healthily.
Now, we are recruiting volunteers to take part in a voluntary activity which held by the student union in this summer vocation.
We need to tell you more details of course.
First of all, our goal is to make college students close to the society and be much caring to the weak person.
Then we may organize the volunteers to try their best to warm old and young persons who have no family members.
Plus, the schedule will last for a week, and it means that you must have adequate time to join the team.
To summaries, we need you, as long as you enjoy assisting others; as long as you are healthy, strong and older than 18 year-old.
When you get the admission notice of your graduate school,you may feel exulted.During the period of preparing for the exam,one must make great efforts due to the fierce competition in China.Besides your happiness,will you think of your future and the way you pass the life of graduate study?
First,you must ask yourself why you continue to graduate study.I think graduate study can improve us in many aspects.The professional knowledge is more ample than undergraduate study,which can help us master what we major in.Probably that's why it is called master degree.Frankly speaking,there is a direct,obvious reason for a master degree.That is our job opportunity or money on earth.To a certain extent,graduate study means better job and mega-buck!
Since the great benefits of master degree,what we will do for a successful graduate study.First and foremost is our effort.We all pass the postgraduate entrance exam,which means we don't lack intellectual factor.Hence the effort will determine our success.Also we should improve our capabilities to meet the high requirement of graduates.The capability not only include good performance on professional knowledge,but also other skills necessary to our research such as communication or computer skill.Many things seem of no use in our study,but I think those seemingly useless things may be the key to success.You must not ignore every detail around us.
In a word,the graduate study is only a small part of your life,but it is the most critical.So be active,patient and persistent through every day and success will come some day!
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
To some students who support the idea said that the first thing that comes to them mind is gaining knowledge and broadening them horizons.This is a way which is much better to learn something just by paper-made things.Besides,it's also a good way to communicating with friends and sharing the daily fascinating affairs with them.In addition there are some classmates saying that because of the pressure from the study,they can use the Internet to relax themselves as well.In these ways, they believe that they can perfect themselves through the network with their self-control.
There are also do exist an another opinion which is strongly disagree that students shouldn't get online frequently.
Their reasons are as follows.In consideration of the heavy study burdens, students' eyes are getting worse and worse day by day.If they can still get the chance to watch the electronic screen frequently,the?consequences will be too ghastly to contemplate.
What's more, students will easily get addicted to the online communication and computer games ,and this must waste a lot of time and energy with no doubt.
As far as I concern is just to keep the balance between the Internet and the reality.In my opinion, this is one of the best way for us to improve ourselves.
With the development of information technology, cellphone has become an inseparable part of our life.
My cellphone is a useful one wearing red .
Though it is not eye-catching,it does have thoughtful and attentive design and is very convenient to use.
My Mobile Phone is a typical business phones with a full QWERTY keyboard and the four buttons below the screen ,combining Office applications and multimedia entertainment.
I really like the full QWERTY keyboard ,which makes it a pleasure to use for typing.
And on the back of the handset ,it is stuck with the brand"Nokia".
This type of Nokia weighs 126g and is 13 millimeters thick.
Because of the big size and good quality of this kind of phone, someone laughingly says that Nokia can be used for striking others' heads as a brick.
Functional,nice and useful,that is my mobile phone,which emphasizes utility over aesthetics .With it ,I am always on social networking and enjoy a happy life.
Every company has a business project .It must be customer.
team.product and fund.
There will be decide succeed or failure of company.
Therefore, firstly, team play a importment role in a company.
Having a good team is an indispensable factor.
However, cooporation is strength.
Nobody can achivement anything without others, an excellent team always bring forth new ideads about mew product.
Secondly, the product of new development become an important resource of company.
With the development of sharp competion, the product of new development can boost the economic development.
Thirdly, it's important to cooporation with a great customer.
They are promte aware of service for us , boost the level of mangement and the same as bring full benefit.
Therefore, if a company want to development, it can study cooporation with a outstanding customer.
There is an increasing number of college students who do part-time jobs.It may give rise to a host of problems.
In the first place,thanks to lacking of social experience,college students may be easily to be cheated with a result of doing lots of jobs without being paid.In addition, due to not having a well-developed discretion ,college students may get into bad habits which can even lead to crime.Last but not least, doing part-time jobs does harm to students' studies by occupying study times and cutting their energy.
In conclusion, doing a part-time job will exert profound influence.
Fast track supposed by NAFTA and the WTO was designed to facilitate the passage of new trade agreements.
But these agreements in several ways contributed to growing trade deficits which caused a nationwide job losses in U.S, and among all the sectors manufacturing sector was most suffering.
There is no denying the fact that academic dishonesty has become a hotly debated topic today.
A great number of college students download papers from the Internet to save the trouble of doing the assignment.
In my view, I believe that the demerits of copying others'papers outweigh the merits of that.
For one thing, downloading thesis from the Internet can put undergraduates into troubles.
A teacher who distinguishes between the similar papers with little problem may has an awful impression on these students and then gives them a lower mark.
Consequently, they would not able to graduate from their college and get Bachelor Degree.
For another, this insincere behavior may has evil impact on society.
If college students get used to dishonesty, they will pack society corrupt atmosphere after their graduation.
Accordingly, I suggest that students on campus should form a habit of writing on a daily basis duo to the fact that practice makes perfect.
Furthermore, they also should attach importance to reading a great many articles, novels, and magazine to collect the materials of writing.
Last but not the least, it is advisable for undergraduates to attend some lectures of dissertation given by professors.
By doing so, they might as well get some information which can be put into their thesis.
To draw conclusion, it is no use for undergraduates downloading papers from the Internet.
And it is highly recommendable to solve the problems by means of forming a habit of writing, reading more articles and attending useful lectures on dissertation as well.
Life is so fantastic that we could spend much time on, however, I used to long for three things.
Above all, the first thing is keeping good health.
Although I can't live to a ripe old age, it's a premise that to start anything.
Nowadays, the majority of people , who are suffering all kinds of disease, such as cancer or diabetes.
It's a pity that they can't enjoy the same life as normal people.
So I'm longing for good health all the time.
Second, as the old people said" knowledge is power".
While it's true that everyone needs a career, it's equally true that pay is out of step with the harvest.
No pain no gain.
Most important, perhaps, education teachers us to see the connections between things, as well as to see beyond our immediate needs.
So enrich myself with knowledge is the best way.
Last but not least, love is the absolutely necessary part of life.
When you are lost, alone or upset, there is someone, who will by the side all the time.
As far as I am concerned, I wish I am able to find a man, who can understand me is enough.
Nowadays, it is acknowledged that the Internet is more and more important in our daily life.
A coin has two aspects, so as the Internet does.
Firstly we can learn and work without going out.
I think it must be a convenient thing for those who are very busy but want to know something new.
Second now, many persons have phones, the budget they expect to pay is too high to they always use computers to chat with others.
In addition we can see some beautiful draws and watch movies at home.
However many students abandon themselves for the Internet.
Even some adults play games so crazy that they don't work.
All in all I hope we can take good advantages and disadvantages in it.
I believe that most people have a different point of view on global warming.
Today's environmental problems more and more serious.
Especially in recent years, increasingly prominent.
So,we should pay more attention to our only home.
Globai warming is an inevitable trend.Aiong with society's progress, the progressive development of industry, the whole earth is in a dangerous edge.
Peopie in the pursuit of life also does not satisfy what we have now, a large number of development resources on the earth, making the earth become in a disastrous state.
The human in the pursuit of the status quo is forget are already facing bankruptcy.
Onthe other hand, although the economy developed, affluent life, but we can't be ungrateful.
The earth is our home, we should protect her.
For those that can pollute the gases of the atmosphere, we should try to control, can reduce its emissions will minimize.
In order to have their own family, we should make concerted efforts to protect our common home only.
With the development of our society.the life of human being is superior to what they lived before.More and more families have the ability to offer a private car.Possess of a private car,going out is easier.But the pollution produced by cars became more seriously.Nowadays.Globe warming is a sensitive topic.
cars contain a large number of carbon dioxides.So.private car owners should be taxed for pollution.
The private car owners pay tax on pollution will make them think that drive his own car spend the same money as take a taxi or even more expensive than any other transportations.At the same time.to be a passenger is more comfortable than to be a driver.At last,they will reduce the use of the car.It is more helpful to our environment.
In my point of view.the less use of car the healthier environment we can live.Private car owners pay tax on pollution is a good policy to pursue.
Everyone has own dream.
I have a dream, too.
, because it is very interesting and relaxing.
Everyone knows to be a football player is difficult.
So I practice football on weekends.
On Saturday and Sunday morning, I do my homework.
After that, I have a football class in the afternoon.
And I usually play football on Saturday and Sunday evening.
Playing football is very good for people.
It can keep you healthy and make more friends with others .
Beckham and Messi are the most famous football players.
And I want to be one like them.
Being a football players is my biggest dream .
A harmonious family should be full of warmth, love and laughter.
We should love and show concern for each other.
They also respect and understand each other.
The children who live in a harmonious family will be optimistic.
The parents who live in a harmonious family will be healthy and happy.
Because a harmonious family plays a very important role in our life, it is up to every family member to contribute to the building of such a family.
First, parents should be a role model for their children.
They should pay more attention to their words and behavior.
Then, they need to believe their children and often communicate with them.
As children of the family, we should also respect and understand our parents, and try to share their burdens.
If we do so, our home will always be harmonious.
Tis morning, when I opened the curtain, I saw snowing outside.
I saw everything turned white.
It was so beautiful that I wanted to take some photos to record the beautiful time.
Then, I took my camera and went out.
After I took some photos.
On my way home there was a man in front of me.
Suddenly he fell down.
So I picked him up immediately.
So I went home and brought a broom to swept the snow on the road in order to let the other person fell down again.
Lastly, the road was cleaned by myself.
I was so glad that no one fell down again and many people praised me and said I am a good boy.
As a Chinese, I am very strange about Christmas, so 2014 was my first Christmas.
It does not matter, I will tell everything if I know to you about Christmas.
Christmas is for to keep thinking of Jesus' birthday, it originates from Ancient Rome in 336.
Although Christmas in 25/12 every year, almost the Catholic will hold The Midnight Mess in the morning of Christmas.
People called the Silent Night.
There is another Christmas in the world.
It in 7/1 every year.
Nonetheless it is not from the Catholicism, it is from the Orthodox Church.
In China, the Orthodox Church belongs to the Christianity.
After all, Christmas is a festival.
Chinese people always love festival.
Of course, we will celebrate festival.
First, we will buy or made a tree at home, and put on some adornments, like a red sock, a red cap or colorful balls.
In the evening, people always will make a Turkey and cakes for dinner.
Then children will get gifts.
But parents always will deceive kids, the gift is form Santa Claus.
But I think the falsehood is a wonderful dream.
communication ability .As a college student,which we should pay more attention to?
people think having the communication ability is supposed to be more important.
First of all,it is helpful for us to make more friends.On top of that,having good communication ability is good for getting a good job,which can improve our life quality.Last but not least,it is also beneficial to us to talk with others happily and develop better atmosphere.
As far as I am concerned,we can't emphasize the importance of paying attention to academic performance too much.It's widely acknowledged that having good academic performance is the most essential duty to college students.However,as a college student ,not only focusing on our academic performance,but also making efforts to improve our communication ability.Only by doing this,can we develop ourselves and enjoy our wonderful college life!
Let's talk about a touching thing which took place in our school last week.
Last Friday,a student in our school fainted during break time.Other students sent her to hospital immediately as soon as they found that there is something wrong with her,and as a result she got treatment in time.Her parents were gratefui for what those students did.
This touching thing is a very good example to show the kindness of people.It can inspire people to help others in a way that we all can do.We just need to do something that we can do when others are in trouble.
Innovation is of great importance in our life.
Definitely, no one can deny the significance of it.
An innovative spirit can promote the advancement of both individuals and societies as a whole.
On the one hand, innovation consciousness contributes a lot to the individuals who make continuous progress and maintain competitive edge.
The more innovative you are, the more likely you are to create new methods, master new skills and discover new opportunities.
On the other hand, many of contemporary's business success or miracles that profoundly influence our way of life can be attributed to innovation.
From my perspective, it is imperative for us, especially our doctoral students, to pay highly attention to the power of innovation consciousness.
Furthermore, we need to form a habit of discovering new things, using new methods and applying new thoughts in our daily work and everyday life.
A philosopher once said.
As we all know, the cultures of china and the west are different from each other.
On the other hand, that's the main cause of the different ways in teaching their children.
In china, teachers and parents like teaching their kids by holding hands.
In addition, a lot of homework and exercise are given to the children.
So, Chinese are usually good at basic skills.
However, the educators in the west give priority to creativity.
They value originality and independence more the Chinese do.
Creativity is required to learn when their children are very young.
They give their children more free time to solve problem by themselves.
So, westerners are always creative.
Conclusion, the fostering of skills and creativity are both worthwhile goals.
In addition, we should struck a better balance between the poles of creativity and basic skills, So that we can make our children get a better education.
Only when education are promoted, can our country become stronger.
In reply to your advertisement in the local newspaper of April 12, I wish to offer my services for it.
I have absorbed from the newspaper that your company want to employ about 5 English major college students.
Now, I am a currently student in City Institute, Dalian University of technology.
Coincidentally, I am an English major.
I am good at speaking and writing some articles.
My experience in this line of work includes:as a volunteer, take part in the athletic meeting and some competition about English.
I have received good education.
I am so cherish this opportunity.
I supposed that this job can improve my capability and also can give your firm a miracle.
And my telephone number is: 18012345678.
In recent years, the advanced technology brings us much convenience to our life while it also creates many environment problems.
Some waste is not degradable, which will exist a long time.
So, waste sorting is a must and we should throw different rubbish into different dustbins.
Waste sorting is highlighted by all walks of people in the disposal of rubbish.
First of all, it is necessary for us to protect our planet, because we live in the same planet and good environment makes us feel more comfortable.
However, some waste can cause many diseases like cancer, it will be terrible for us.
Furthermore, some waste can be recycled and reused again, like paper, so, we should collect our used paper and it could be made new paper for us to live.
In addition, waste sorting is convenient to cleaners, they can easily have an access to distinguish varieties for rubbish, so they will reduce work time and go to other place where need them.
To sum up, as college students, we should try our best to protect environment and influence people around us.
Maybe some waste can make new resource.
Some waste is full of value.
So, waste sorting is very important for all of us.
I'm writing to tell you Qianjin Middle School lacks an English teacher now.
I realize you look forward to teaching English in China, so it is a good opportunity for you.
Your job time is a semester and you have two tasks if you got the profession.
On the one hand, you would teach Spoken English for two classes ten class a week.
On the other hand, you should classify the English activity one time a week.
Your allowance is 4000 Yuan per month.
What's more, the school does not merely offer the round-trip air ticket but also free offers a place for you to live.
I expect you can get the work and get together with you in China.
First of all, in the face of frustration.We should not give up on life's dedication.
Then, fase to frustration.We should ask ourselves.
Finally, it should choose the right approach and attitude to life.
Recently, students setbacks, choose the wrong way and have serious consequences.
In fact, life does not ruin.
Only the wrong attitude.
A recent survey about college students'attitude toward mobil phone shows that what they like most is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people can reach them.
As college student,I agree with professor Baron.
More and more people use mobile phones in recent years, they become popular among us.We can not live at ease without them.
Mobil phone is to us what sun is to plants.
In our daily life, we use mobile phones more or less.
On one hand, they help us keep touch with others whenever we want to talk.
so it brings much convenience to our life.
Also when we have something hard to say,we can express our feelings by sending messages.
On the other hand, mobile phones are updated quickly, a variety of functions on mobile phones we can apply to our life.
It is easy for us take photos during traveling, or play games via mobile phone in spare time, or listen to music freely.
As is known to all, mobile phone can be used as a study tool, it is useful for us to look up new words,or look through ebook, and so on .
Certainly, there is no denying that there are some disadvantages on mobile phone.
As the survey refered people can be reached easily by using mobile phone, we would be upset if we are called especially when we want to stay alone.
For another, using mobile phone frequently does harm to our health.Every coin has two sides, positive ways are more than negative ways, after all.
So I think we should love mobile phone in a correct way and make use of it.
With the popularity of English in China,English is an important course to learn.However,most of the students do not pay attention to the spelling of the word.
From the perspective of students,a large number of words,the spelling of the complex,spend a lot of time still have little effect.And most English exams for the choice,need not many words memory and spelling scores are not high.
In my opinion,requires countries to reform the English test,on the other hand,students need patience with the spelling memory.
When I studied in my high school, I was concentrated on my study exceedingly, because I was very afraid that I failed in my Final Examination.
In my High School, I studied subjects about Chinese, Math, English, Biology, Chemistry and Physics.
But in these subjects, I did like Math very much, Biology and Chemistry.
Then for English, I didn't like it, but I didn't hate it.
My Physics is the worst of these subjects.
I thought I tried my best, but it still bad, I had no idea.
My goal is that I can go to my favorite college.
And when I study in my college, I don't study Biology, Physics and Chemistry anymore.
It makes me a little unhappy.
Then I build up my goal, my goal in my college is that I can get the scholarship.
My experience in college.
Firstly, we should listen to the teacher carefully, or you won't understand textbooks, then you can't do homework.
Secondly, you should usually go to the library, then you can do homework and read some books about your major subject in there.
Finally, we should take part in some activities, because it can let us make some new friends.
In my opinion, we should keep happy and excited in college life, though our colleges are not our ideal Universities.
And we must make some new friends.
Dormitory Life is not strange for us.But how to create to Harmonious Dormitory Life?
with every people.Don't do some too excursive things.And don't disturb others.We also should communicate to others, then make every people have themself freedom.We live together four years.So we shouldn't make ourselve live unhappy.
We aren't a child.We should thinking over before doing some things, should carry about others thinking.
I do not forget two English teachers in high school.They are Mr Sun and Mr Wang.
Mr Sun likes black clothes.But Mr Wang likes white dress.
Mr sun has character irritable.When students couldn't answer the question,He often knock on the blackboard or teacher's desk.One day,He was very angry in class,Everyone can't answer the question.After class,when he walked out of the classroom,everyone was happy to say:oh.He was very angry,He put the classroom door at concave a hole.
Teacher wang personality gentleness.The students like to chat with him.Everyone has problems all like to ask for his advice,He is very serious to help us.Sometimes, he would go home to have a meal with students.The classmates love him.
But the class teachers are very serious and responsible.
There will be a large export order.So we should train foreign language.It is very necessary.All relevant staff attend this training.This training will begin at 8 o'clock in the morning on the October 28.2014.
Please don't be late.
In view of our company has won a large export with foreign country, so our company plans to organize foreign language training for you.
I hope everyone will join it actively.
This training will be held on next morning.
when I saw the picture of the people who suffer from AIDS.
I felt frightened and surprised .
In the first place,I never realised that how AIDS a destructible disease it is.
the AIDS patients are what a pity !I also sympathize with them .
the AIDS patient who live in a hard life .At the same time ,they have to suffer the pain of AIDS .
they need help and encourages.
Help these who suffer from AIDS as much as we can.
The Olympic Games will be held in four years' time,so the government will be putting up new buildings just outside the capital.Kurt Gunter has designed the buildings and works will have completed the new stadium by the end of next year.The Game will be held in this country for the first time and we are looking forwarding to them.
Both my brother and i are going to the Olympic Game.
We bought tickets a long time ago and we shall be leaving soon.
We shall not only see the Games but visit many parts of the country as well.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.For example,cars have made the air unhealthy for people to breathe and poisonous gas is given off by factories.
As a saying goes,nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.The earth is our home and we have the duty to take care of it.Faced with the serious environmental problem,some people have taken action to save our world.However,some people choose to ignore the problem.So,terrible disasters have been happening one by one:the Gulf of Mexico oil spill,the crisis at Japan's Fukushima nuclear energy center and so on.Because of people's ignorance,the relationship between human beings and the environment we are living in is getting worse.It's time that we did something for nature such as stopping cutting down trees,recycling the garbage and learning to pay back to the environment.Only when we pay enough attention and put it into practice can we ease the pain of our nature.
We all have many people we love.
Now, Listen to me, I will who I love most.
In my family, I think I love my mother most.
Because she is not only a good cook, but also a good listener, and she can do housework well.
She can make food delicious, and we can talk like friends, so I respect her and I love her most.
In my friends, of course, I love my best friend most.
If only stay with her, I have a feeling like stay with my family.
When I make some mistakes, she will point out and correct mistakes for me patiently.
I can easy to get along with her, so I love her most in my friends.
Now, You know who I love most, so please tell me who you love most.
I had a very interesting weekend.
When I got up at 8:00,my mother was doing chores.
I helped my mother to sweep the floor and clean the living room.
I was very tired.
Then,I was doing the dishes and washing the clothes while I was listening to the music.
I cooked at kitchen.
I was very happy.
At the afternoon,I folded the clothes and watered the flowers.
I was very happy and tired.
In the evening,I cooked for my family.
They were very happy.
This was my weekend.
As everyone knows English is an international language, which becomes more importantly in the modern world.
The following is the most common method of learning and I love the most.
First of all,you must be interesting in Eglish, as the ancients said:" those who know the person as well, be it good.
"Only in this way can we learn it well.
Secoudly, you can often see some foreign films, at the same time as the foreign movie learn to speak,because through foreign movies to learn Eglish is not only interesting but can be more effective to improve our Listening and speaking level.
The most thing is to make the greatest effort to prepare,listen carefully, answer question actively in class.
Addition to, learning a language is a continuous accumulation and use of the process, we should accumulate more words,grammar,and the phrase,reading loudly in the morning.
As long as you never give up and never stop, one day can speak Eglish like a foreigner.
In no case, please believe that as long as you work hard you can harvest.
Finally, you can and some like Eglish often speak Eglish together, even if you say very bad.
Do not be afraid of losing face, dare to say that you will be successful.
In many countries,there is no good education conditions in rural areas.Even,the medical facilities are also very rare.On this point, people started a discussion.
Some people think the more teachers should be sent to countryside.Because they think teachers Is equivalent to knowledge.IF the more teachers can go to the country,student in there can accept the better education.
However,the other do not think so.
They advocate that teachers can choose their operation areas freely.After all, this is their freedom.Moreover, it also enables them to play actively.
As far as I am concerned,the government can increase the quota of teacher who was sent to countryside,and on the basis of voluntary.I think the conditions can be improved soon.
When i was a chird, I started to learn English.
I like learning English, because as far as I am concered learning English is very useful.Nowdays,English is becoming more and more popular.so,if I want have more communication with foreigner,I should use English fluently.For many reasons,learning English can broad my seights.I can learn the history and culture of other country.
So i will try my best to learn english.I beilieve i can do it.
More and more China's Internet users find the interesting of shopping online.China's Internet information says,half of the year more than 87 million Chinese shopping online,this is mean a quarter of the China Internet users had shopping online experience.Most Internet users are 18-30 years old students and white collar,monthly income about 1000 yuan to 3000 yuan.Women shopping online more than men shopping online.Clothes and household products are most buy in Internet.The shopping online this trend only grow in the future,this can reflect China economy is strong development momentum.
There is a vivid and thought picture,as is vividly depicted above,a student said;once I learn how to use google isn't that all the education I really need.
We also know there are a lots of convenience,firstly if they want to learn they just need link the Internet,secondly,if some students don't understand the point of the class,they can find in the Internet,thirdly people needn't worst time on the find the meaning of the words in the dictionary,they can just use the Internet,some disagree with it,they think they shouldn't give up the traditional way to learn.There are so many things we can't find in the Internet.
In my eyes,in the age of knowledge explosion,education doesn't simply mean learning to obtain information,don't accept all the information from the Internet.We should educate students how to choice useful information.
I still remember that time I share one of my mistakes with my mother.
I copied one of my classmates' homework that made me feel very nervous.
My mother listened to me carefully.
Then she said she was angry with me, but she can help me solve this problem.
She told me to do my homework by myself Ipromised.
Then I did the homework again by myself.
After that I was not nervous at all.
This experience make me feel very happy, because it helped me solve the problem.
Welcome to our university.
As a student of thid university,I will to give you a brief account of the school.
The school has a large number of excellent teachers.
They teach large number students for this social.This a student was contributed to social .This is our glory.
Now allow me to see our university environment.
IN front of you,this sculpture was made from steel, this is a Hydroelectric generator.The machine is symbolize to our school.This machine can remind our who you are.Behind this scukpture.It's my college.We have class here.
We can learn many knowledge in there.Our college have many party.So we have very rich extracurricular activities.Like ping-pang ball game and basketball game.
Currently, both our faculty and stdents are making every effort to improve the quality of our education in the dirction of a first-rate university.
My name is Z.I am very happy to come to the University, but also a new beginning for me.
I am a easy-going person, very cheerful, hope hereafter can teachers and students to become good partners and good friends, spend a happy university three years of life.
Astrid Heiberg said that climate change is no longer a doomsday prophecy,it is a reality.
Yes,as he puts it, mankind is facing with more and more disaster.As the carbon dioxide emissions, the temperature on the earth continue to rise,the polar ice will melt,causing the sea level rise and flooded the coastal city.To this,the man should do?First of all,we should look for a new clean energy instead of traditional energy sources, in order to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide.Then, we ought to plant more trees and protect forests.Finally, we should save water, keep the air fresh and so on.
As college students, we should from the side with, from small start.
For example, you can use double-sided paper, use less snack box and disposable chopsticks, and so on.
All together, our home will become more beautiful.
There are many days in our lives since we are born, no matter it is good or bad, it will make our life multicolored.
However, the most miserable day in my life is the day I knew my score of the college entrance examination.
That is the worst day remaining fresh in my memory.
It is universally acknowledged that the college entrance examination would affect which profession we will engage.
So I am also work hard to prepare for the exam, bravely just like millions of others.
Nevertheless the result is not as expected, I feel very frustrated.
From that moment, I dare not contact the students and teachers, I afraid to go out, and even I didn't sleep in the night, I was only in a daze.
Sometimes I will ignore parents, because I can't face my parents' disappointed eye-sights.
I tried to make yourself as isolated.
That is the most terrible day of my life.
But defeat is a dead loss unless you do face it without humiliation.
If you exploit the power which defeat gives, you can accomplish with it far more than you are capable of.
The author, Alex Garland, was born in 1970, and he is a British novelist and screenwriter.
The Beach was his first novel which was published in 1996 and quickly became a classic.
Most of his stories has been made into films, such as The Beach and 28 Days Later.
This book has a very interesting plot.
From the beginning, it seems like a mysterious story and the whole book is full of surprises.
Richard is a backpacker who travels all around the word.
He is given a hand-drawn map at a poor, cheap guest-house in Bangkok.
He finds it interesting so he, together with two French travellers, Etienne and Francoise, follows the map and they try their best to reach the secret place.
Fortunately, they arrive at the small island and quickly fit into the life of the beach community.
But some bad things happen by their mistakes and accident, Richard finds that the paradise in his mind has changed into hell but finally he escapes successfully with his partners.
But in my opinion, this book is popular just because it has attractive plots.
The main purpose of this book is not deep enough and it can be easily extracted.
While readers are paying more attention on the story itself, they might care less about the main idea, and that is the reason why it is still welcomed by some people.
But one thing in common is that whatever people live in different countries and cultures, they have the same dream of living a secluded, impartial and harmonious society although it is nearly impossible to exist.
I am very happy to speak here to you .
My dream is to be a teachr .
but many people would be surprise,they think teacher is very hard and the pay is poor.
but I have own idea about it.
I have had a dream to become a school teacher when I was a child .
I think teacher's job is very important and necessary for social and economic development.
I like to paly with students.
they can make me feel young.
and I don't thing teach students is waste of time .but .I think it's a valuable job.
Recently people pay more attention to the environment because of the severe air pollution.Citzens come to realize that we should build a green city.
As a high school student, I think creating a green campus also has great significance.
A green campus not only benefits the environment but also provides us with a golden chance to form thrift habits.In the school canteen, food is often wasted owing to poor taste.
In the classroom papers, bottles and cans are thrown after use.
Waste and extravagance can be seen at the campus.
We should feel ashamed when wasting the food because thousands of children can't afford a meal every day.
It is essential to take some effective steps to create a green campus.
From one side, school authorities should build up a more rigid rule for natural resources,such as water, electricity and so on.
For another, we can organize some speeches to enhance the awareness of the students and teachers.
Just a small action can help to create a green campus.
For example: switch off the light before leaving;bringing some plants to the classroom and so on.
Creating a green campus means protect the nature.
So be action and join in it.
Only with our effort can we create a green campus.
A growing number of people turn to e-book for pleasure , and e-book is gradually taking place of real books.
Because of the obvious convenience of e-book, People save the time and money for searching for and buying books.
What's more, e-book provides diversities of contents, which is as the same as real books.
Moreover, reading e-book requires no money while reading real books involves money.
Accordingly, e-book caters for the majority of people.
Although e-book has many advantages, its disadvantages are inevitable, reading for long hours in front of the machine is bad for our eyes.
What's worse, in terms of newly-published books, they can't be searched on the machine.
It seems e-book well conforms to modern life, and it's necessary in the future, especially for the adults.
Generally speaking, people who have got married don't have much time for reading, let alone going to the library to absorb new knowledge.
Actually, they are more concerned with family matters and their working.
E-book is of great flexibility.
So, as long as people are reminded to read, e-book can serve them anytime without any trouble.
However, I think e-book can't completely take place of real books.
The limits listed above keep it in the essential place rather than the most crucial place.
In brief, e-book takes on a prosperous trend.
With the advantage of keeping pace with modern life, I think e-book will be a necessary in the future.
My parents are so free everyday that they can do everything to me.
Finally,they are going to have a trip.
I was very happy because I could stay at home alone.
Then,I had a special day.
I opened my eyes when the clock ringing.
Then I turned on the TV.
Then I cooked lunch but the time was longer than fixed time so I burnt it.
I found myself so bad at simple cooking tasks.
I wrote homework all Afternoon.
I started to feel unhappy and miss my parents.
Some days after they came back.
I gave them a big hug and said I love them.
It is necessary to pay your parents back when they are old !We know that the moment you arrived here on this world ,you were given a body by parents.Not only they gave birth you ,but also they brought you up.Do you know when you were a child ,you are so naughty and maybe you got ill always,but was who looked after you all day and night.Nothing for granted!The same as your parents!
What they paid so much to your,therefor,you must pay they back .No matter what you have and what you pay.Maybe you don't have much money ,and you have nothing return to them.But the most important,you should let they kown,you really care about them and accompany with them when you free.That's enough!
Therefore,it is necessary to pay your parents back,because they gave you and you should return them.Just do your best!They love you so much,why don't you do anything to make they happy?
Life is filled with ups and downs, and it teaches us everything.
On my part, the most important thing that life gives us is to cherish time.
There are plenty of examples can illustrate my point.
Lu Xun gave us an example that life teaches us to cherish time.
At the age of 20, when Lu Xun was in school, his father was ill .His two brothers were so young that he had to help to support his family.
He not only needed to go to drugstore, but also to help her mother with housework.
Under this situation, in order to not have an impact on study, Lu Xun tried his best to manage his time.
He said that time is life and money.
Yet, Thomas Edison also served as a typical example to support the view.
Interested in many strange things, Edison wanted to try everything in flesh.
Also, it needed much time for him to invent.
As a result, Edison saw time as life and done his best to save time to do more things.
To sum up , time plays an important role in our life.
We learn a lot of about time because of life .
Mencius who said this sentence wanted to encourage people not to lament sufferings, difficulties and stresses in their lives which seem to block their advancement.
Nowadays people tend to complain about their stress all the time.
They often view themselves as the ones who are struggling in the deep cold ocean and could not breathe freely.
As a matter of fact, it won't help just grumbling because everyone knows clearly that stress is irresistible and exists in every corner and every moment in different forms.
What people feel most directly in daily life is physical stress.
At present, people hammering at every field are fighting harder and harder.
They refuse almost all invitations for relaxing and keep working the whole day.
Some arrive at their working places and begin to work in the morning.
They are lost in the career ocean till noon.
After a simple lunch and a little coffee, they continue sitting on the chair and sliding the mouse to check and complete the working reports.
Virtually they creep home with both exhausted body and spirit after the sunset.
It seems that the body is screaming and protesting for the matchless workload.
It can't stand so many pressures.
This kind of doing can be necessary in present working situation, but it would be better to have a short break during working to let body take a short, fresh but necessary breath.
Stress is another way in which parents express love for children.
Parents are the first instructors in everyone's life.
They teach children to speak, write and communicate.
No one could deny what parents gave him.
In the meantime, parents also put pressures on children.
Most couples hope their children can receive good education in superior schools in order to obtain more opportunities when the young plan to engage in their career.
No matter whether the children could understand their parents' pains, what they feel first is stress.
When it comes to the age for marriage, parents' chatters hit again.
They consistently ask when their children map out getting married and even want to arrange blind dates for them.
and even seem to go crazy about these.
These immature young men are who give a cold shoulder to the rising filamentary silver in parents' head, who always regard children as NO.ONE and care much more for children than themselves.
Ultimately the stress's most influencing producer is oneself.
This kind of stress makes the biggest difference on people.
When people find themselves lacking knowledge and abilities, they feel upset.
When people realize that dream seems to disappear which they were bound up to previously, they feel perplexed.
When people have few options to choose just for not working hard enough when they were young, they feel regretted.
No one could escape from the seemingly endless pressures.
At school, plenty of students choose to bow their heads with silence holding the score card on which the number is far below what they expected.
In companies, staff fall down to the chair while having sighs because of their lower and lower achievement.
In the arena, the athletes sit on the track with looking forward and wondering how his future will be like.
All of these root everyone's dream of becoming a better one, which is also the source of stress.
Instead of struggling torturously in the ocean of life, learning to swim in a correct way is more important.
As everyone could see, stress is ubiquitous.
No one could avoid it.
Just like swimming, everyone must choke with resentment in the water otherwise you can't freely breathe and you will get into trouble.
However, there is no doubt that the key to going forward is the efforts which one drives leg and exerts all his strengths when immersed in the water totally.
It's identical when it comes to stress.
Stress is like the water in the ocean.
Facing stress means uncomfortable, upset and suffering feelings like which in the water.
Yet it's also the fact that everyone is making progress step by step under the stress through his efforts.
So it's obvious that stress is the engine of advancing.
Don't look at stress with prejudice any more.
And have a good trip in ocean belonging to every individual.
Few years ago,the disposable plastic bags were broadly used by human beings in china.The disposable plastic bags are extremely common and current in our daily life,such as buying vegetables,shopping or throwing rubbish.However the disposable plastic bags lead to a series of problem after they are abandoned.
As well all know,the disposable plastic bags are non-biodegradable garbage.Not only they will lead to destructing of the filed and polluting water,but also they are harmful to our health.If we continue to use disposable plastic bags,there is on doubt that China's environment will be completely destroyed.
It's significant to limit the use of the plastic bags.We must reduce the use of plastic bags.For one thing we can save much energy,for another we can protect our environment and save our homeland.Therefore,we must strictly limit the use of disposable plastic bags.
More and more Internet users in China discovered the fun of online shopping.The internet information centre of China said that there have passed eighty-seven million Chinese shopping on the Internet in the first half year,it means a quarter of netizen in China have experience of online shopping.Most of online shoppers are in the age of eighteen to thirty ,always students and white-collar,monthly income from one thousand to three thousand yuan.More women than men online shopping.Clothes and household goods are the most of thing that they bought online.The trend of shopping on line will add but not detele in the future,that's reflect the vigorous development of Chinese economy.
At these time,I have just read an article about teenagers.
Today,I want to discuss this problem with you.
There are some advantages on them.
Almost all of them are so curious that everything wants to be known.
At this time,they start to depend on themselves.
They want to be in dependence instead of acting a little child around their parents.
The most different is that they have many new opinions,even these opinions can't be understood by adults.
On the other hand,they also have some disadvantages.
For example,they want to have someone prepared everything for them.
Sometimes they only care about themselves,and they can't understand others' opinions.
They also want to relax themselves all the time and live in a comfortable life without working hard.
In my opinion,I think they deserve a praise for their minds which are really valuable.
At the same time,I also want to criticize them from being supposed to only care about themselves and relax themselves all the time instead of working hard.
In my school there are various kinds of after-school activities ,such as club ,doing sports,seeing English movies and so on.As for me , it can not only build my body, but also broaden my minds.What is more,taking an part in activities is so wonderful that it leaves me feeling excited.
Here I have some suggestions for students.
From my point of view,you'd better choose the activities which you are interested in.besides,it is important for you to balance well beween after-sc hool activities and studies.
In a words, actively join in after-school activities,which will make your school life colourful and improve your learning.
Nowadays, computers are widely used in education.
There are different opinions among people to people whether computers will take the place of teachers or not.
A majority of people think that teachers will be replaced by computers.
However, In my opinion, computers can be a good aid but they can never take the part of teachers.
For one thing,Teachers are more flexible than computers.
When teachers teach students in class, teachers can give them more details and informations.
what's more, when students have questions, they can ask teachers for help more easily and quickly.
On the contrary, computers can't solve many trivial problems immediately.
For another, Not every schools can afford to buy the equipment,because the prices of computers are high.When it break down,we need to spend more money to repair it, so we can't use computers to study timely.
In addition, teachers are more humanity than computers.
All in all, I believe that computers won't take the place of teachers.
If teachers can make good use of computers while teaching, it would become a good way to educate students in the class.
As far as I can see, love is one kind of feeling that has several forms.
On the one hand, love is the mother cover the quilt for you carefully in the middle of the night.
Love is the father support the family by setting out early and returning late for work no matter how bad the weather is.
Love is your little sister left a piece of cake for you, although she is still greedy.
Love is your roommates buy some medicine for you when you are sick.
Love is the couple say goodnight to each other on every night before them going to bed.
On the other hand, Love is being punished by your parents when you do something wrong, especially in the area of moral.
Love is friend's persuasion when you play computer games and neglect studying.
Love is your girlfriend's admirable advice to quit smoking and drinking.
Generally speaking, in my opinion, Various forms of love expressed only one meaning that you hope the one you deeply loved can live happily and healthy.
The picture above shows us a tendency that some banks extended their business to university campus and offer credit cards to students.
Some people are worried about that credit card may do harm to students, while others don't think so.
AS a student, I agree that credit card may do harm to us.
The answer to this question involves many factors.
Firstly, as we all know that college students are a large consumer group, and they also seek fashion.
While most college students still depend on their parents, not all their parents are rich.
Once they get their credit cards, most of them will spend money without limitation.
If they use credit card debt, their parents must repay it for their children.
To be honest, it will be a heavy burden for parents.
Secondly, it's known to us all that college students also seek fashion, because they are young.
Many students get credit cards because they are afraid that they will be out of style.
It's easy for them to develop the habit of comparing.
And it will be harmful to their development.
Thirdly, despite the credit card can overdraft, students can't repay on time, there will be some spots on personal credit.
It will be very terrible for students to loan or to find a good job in the future.
Last but not least, some students use credit cards debt, and they do not want to let their parents know.
Most of them usually use their living expenses for next month to repay.
Eventually they will become the slave of credit card.
From what have been discussed above, we may safely draw a conclusion that credit cards may do harm to students.
We don't have the ability to repay.
Moreover, we can't control ourselves effectively and it will cause a heavy burden for our parents.
It's really unfair for our parents to repay.
Don't let our parents and us be the slave of credit cards.
Good morning,everybody.I am L.I graduated from F University.I have got a few scholarships in school.I received many honors.My Putonghua level for two grades.I have the national computer two grade certificate.My major is English education and I am good at English.My handwriting is very good.I like to sing English songs and watch English movies.So my spoken English is very good.I often read English newspapers and accumulate good sentences and words from it.
I want to be an English teacher.It is work that should have a sense of responsibility.If my dream can be achieved I will strive hard.I will love my students and let them have fun in English class.I will work hard to improve my students' English.I hope the judges can give me a chance to show myself.Thank you!
Recently, the government has carried out laws to stop the people from smoking in public places which will be imposed from Nov. 1st, 2011 across the country while the No Smoking signs will be stuck everywhere in the public.
Nowadays, the number of smoking people is still increasing which is 3.5 billion now and about 70% of the people are male while the others are female.
More and more people are infected by the second-hand smoke by the number of about 5.4 billion, and worse the number of the people which died for second-hand smoke is among 100 thousand a year.
In my view, smoking is harmful to your health.
So we should start out small to ask the people around you to give up smoking and to spread what I do.
Competition exists in everywhere which is related to education and important in adult life.People have different opinions about whether it should be encouraged.
Competition has been an important part of our lives,wherever you are in your offices or your classes.When you go on a project or play a computer game with your friends,you are truly in competition.Since competition exists in our lives,whether it can benefit to us or do harm on us becomes very important.Competition has many advantages such as giving us a goal and making us try to reach it or more hard-working during doing a task.However,as a coin,it has other side.That too much competition come to us might make us tension and be easy to make mistakes which can cause serious results.
Some people dislike competition,but to be frank,I really like it.It can give more strength and be focused on the only thing.Only we make use of it,can we make a better future.
Si Maguang was a famous politician in ancient China.
He was clever from an early age.
When he was seven, he played hide-and-seek with friends in the yard where there was a giant tank which was full of water.
Suddenly, a careless boy fell in the tank and called help in fear.
Some children just cried, others were so frightened that they went out to go to adults.
Only Si Maguang kept calm and thought.
At once, an idea came to his mind.
He asked others to carry a big stone together and broke the tank.
Then, lots of water ran over and the boy in the tank was saved.
When we are in danger, we need to think how to make right things but not just cry.
Nowadays more and more students graduated from college look for job .
However no matter where you going to work.There are always some advantages and disadvantages.as for some people work in big cites.
They can have promations space ,many people in order to achieve they dream must work hard ,they have little time to enjoy their life ,The pressure arounds they, so more and more people live in big cities suffer from mental illness.
However some students work in small cites ,They don't have much pressure , in other words ,They have engoh time go outside ,what's more ,They can go along with their family .but most of they don't have higt salay job .They can't go around the word .
In my opinion,I will go small cities looking for job, on the one hand ,I grew up in small cities ,I love there,on the other hand,I like job which don't have much pressure ,I don't like work until night.
I just need more time stay along with my family.
The past several years have witnessed a disturbing phenomenon arising from our society, namely, professional competition which brings about wide attention given to this issue.
The situation is serious.
I want to be a House Wife.
My dream is to be a good wife and mom.
To begin with, I can attend the hearthstone batter, cake my baby and give then a good environment.
Assume conceive, I prepare a sumptuous food.
Additionally, reduce the obtain employment completion.
A wide range of people can not find jobs.
As a House Wife, I can reduce the obtain employment completion.
The last but not least, to be a House Wife is my dream.
I dislike the complexity alternatives.
Simplexes, happiness and I can relax myself and relieve pressure.
Great Expection is written by Charles Dickens, the famous one of British Victorian novelists.
The story is about a humble man who had a hard experience in his childhood.
When he was a child, he was grew up with his sister and brother-in-law.
He met and fell in love with Miss Estella in Miss Havisham's home by a pure chance.
But Miss Estella was very insolent to him.
Then one day Pip went to London to learn how to become a gentleman with the help of an unknown man.
Pip saw through the poor values which standard by the promotion of social status and wealth gradually.
At the end of the story, Pip returned to his hometown, he finally found that the concern given by his convict and Joe's selfless love was really worth to cherish.
From a poor boy to a upper-class gentleman, then lost everything changed back to the poor.
Almost people around him was mercenary and false, only honest Joe loved for him never changed.
Believe that the author wanted to praise the light love of human nature, in contrast to those of the laity.
What's more I want to say, is grateful.
Every young people could learn a lot from this book, in the struggle for wealth, social status, with luck, have made some achievements.
Whenever we can't forget those relatives which are thousands of miles away who care about you and love you, you should be grateful for them.
Perhaps, again lose everything back to the far point of time, to help and care for oneself, but they left.
Actually, we always like comparing with others, whatever, money, clothes, status and so on.
This is a great one of our humans' shortages.
If we defeat it, we would become more strong and have more wisdom.
God is very fair for everyone.
Although Pip returned to poor life, he got too much what he haven't before.
I closed the book, and found that life is wonderful.
Finally, I still want to thank the author Dickens to offer us such a great feast and have the spirit of enlightenment.
The study" two characters now in the majority large number of students eye are dull, because must pay many time for this and be difficult.Different from others,I think study is real a fantastic thing,but not all people can study well while there is still someone who is able to study well existing.Though I am not one of these gifted students,I also have only a secret of study.
The first is finding appropriate methods.Everyone must have their own special ways about study,so do I.What I usually do is trying to turn the knowledge we learn at the very day into a net in order to make them systematic,it is of great benefit for us to remember easily.What do you think of it?
Because of being interested in the study,I like to get an Interesting method to study.
That's the reason why I use this way to study and never give up.
No matter what secrets you have in it,they can be concluded with one word-----interest.
Recently, internet takes an important role in our daliy life.For example, we can use the internet in surfering the net about news,music, movie and so on.
But the internet is a two- edge sword.different people have different viewpoint.
The advantage is fast, in time, richful imformation.It is very convenient for people to widen people's eyes.we can wacth some great movie,download some beautiful picture,chatting with friends,listening music,and so on.
On the other hand,internet should not be using in reasonable.This part is full of violent and many unheatly imformation.It is very harmful to everyone.Internet always is a platform for crime to take use to endanger our society.
In my opinion, using the internet in right way is very necessary to let all of us to know.Healthy habit is more fun youcan get.
why i major in english.
my dream.
It is white and black.
It is very lovely.
It has two small ears, four legs,two balck eyes and short tail.
It can run and climb trees.
It lives in China.
It eats bamboos.
Nowadays there are more and more instruments which are convenient for our daily life.
The development of the Internet makes it apply to people's production and life more and more frequently.
Among them, online shopping, we all know, is a kind of created shopping method came out at the right moment.
There are many advantages about online shopping.
We need to pay more attention to it.
First, types of goods are too complete to choose in a large place.
Choosing online, we will have more comparisons of different goods, so that we can choose the best one in our minds.
Second, it's convenient to shop on the Internet so that sitting at home can achieve relaxed shopping.
Third, the goods with the performance bought online cheaper than in stores.
Having a busy life, we all need to learn how to use online shopping, which has many advantages.
Nevertheless, as every coin has two sides, online shopping also has disadvantages.
For one thing, the actual goods and the introduction of the Internet have a sizeable gap.
For example, we may choose a wrong size so we have to change another one.
It will waste time and influence our life.
As far as I am concerned, it is difficult to judge is true or false.
For another, there is a certain risk of online payment.
Personally speaking, I suggest that consumers buy something without impulsion and think twice and then make the decisions.
All in all, everything has two sides, so we should pay more attention to online shopping.
As college students, we need to have a reasonable comsumption.
Considering this way of shopping, we all take delight in using it in our daily life, which can make a better life for us.
So much so that online shopping benefits us, we should make full use of it.
Today is Mother's Day, and I can say nothing but thanks, because words have failed me when I want to express my thanks to you for the loving care you have shown me.
You are an ordinary person, but you give me quantities of love.
You love me more than anything else in the world.
You spend plenty of time and money on me.
Although you get divorced with dad when I was young.
I'm deeply moved.
Sometimes I argue with you and make you angry and sad, but you always smile at me.
You never change your love to me.
When something worries me, you always make me laugh.
You play badminton with me and tell me funny stories.
Believe me, I have no doubt that it would not have been the success that it was without your presence.
Cloning is now considered to be one of the latest breakthroughs in life circle.
It can create lots of wonders in our world.
As far as I am concerned, it can bring about benefits as well as disadvantages to us human being.
It is just like a coin with two sides.
On the one hand, we may use the technology to save our lives if we have relatives who have fatal diseases and needs to transplant certain organs.
In this situation, it can bring wonders and save our lives.
On the other hand, cloning may bring about certain problems to us.
For example, how to deal with the origional with the copied one is a big problem.
So I think we have to take a comparatively cautious attitude towards cloning.
Hello,my name is X.I'm 19 years old.I come from P province in China.I'm a lively girl.I have a happy family.My parents are workers.They are busy working hard to support me.I have a twin sister named Zhuling.We are both students,but we are not in the same city.I'm happy in the family and we love eath other deeply.
I'm alone here to study because I want to be independent and learn different things.My hobbies are listening to music and reading.I like a person to stay so that I can quiet reading.But sometimes,I like the crowds.I also love sports.If that ,I can play with more people.Finally,I want to make friends with you.That's all.Thank you.
After half a month,the summer vacation will come.According to my past experience,the summer vacation should lead us have a long time to forget the tired in learning.Nevertheless, in this holiday I will strive to study.With the time flying,I am going to be a student who will Participate in the college entrance examination next year.For this reason,l had to spend more time in studying.
To improve my study,l will take actions in quite a different way.In my plan,l try to do a lot of practice.As the saying goes:From small increments comes abundance.I believe that the more time I spent on learning, more progress I will make.
On the other hand, I will go to cram school so that I can go over my knowledge.By the end of this term do I make a perfect plan.
However,the amusement is also essential for my vacation.Two to three weeks I will spend in traveling.It is good for us to combine learning to entertainment.
To sum up,I'm looking forward to a pleasant holiday,and hope to make progress in learning.
I have a busy father and a kind mother.
My father is a farmer.
He is 46 years old.
He is tall.
He likes reading newspapers after meals.
He watches TV in the evening.
He has got a nice black motorbike.
He often plays basketball with his friends on the weekend.
He does not often eat dinner with us.
My mother is a housewife.She is 42 years old.She doesn't work.
She stays at home.
She is beautiful.
She has long hair.
She does housework in the morning.
She often goes shopping in the afternoon.
She is kind, but she is strict to my study.
She likes reading.
She watches TV at night, too.
I love my parents.
And they love me too.
This is to certificate that Miss Susan Hobson as secretary has been working in my office for two years.She was hard-working and honest,the best but not least,she was devoted to her duty during working.In a word,she is a competent secretary.In addition,she has a good command of English and German.What's more,her oral language is very fluent,and it is very imporant that she is competent for general interpretation work.
In current society, many pretty girls can get a good job even without capability.Thereby,some people insist that good appearance is more important than capability.However,from my point of view, i think that capability is more important.
The reasons including three aspect.Firstly,I think that good look can not keep long,if you get a job only because of your good appearance,your job may be temporary.Once you are not beautiful,you are facing employment pressure.
Terribly,you may be out of work.Secondly,when you are working with others people and you can not able to accomplish the assignment, the people, who are cooperating with you,may not trust you again and they may never want to be your colleague because you have no capability to help them complete the work.And as the time flying away, no one will help you to get your job accomplished.Thirdly, you can not finish challenging work because of lacking ability.And that is the most important requirement the company ask for.
The company hires you to do contribution for them,if you let them down,they will fire you.
Generally,I believe that capability is more important than good appearance.Because you will grow old and never beautiful ,but when you have capability to handle a job,you will never lost the chance to get a good work.
Sometimes,we may think there is no love around us.But in fact,there is much love around us,and we didn't notice it before.
One day I went to school in a hurry because I got up late.So I didn't notice the weather was not good.Unfortunately,it started to rain in the afternoon,and I couldn't go home any more.When I thought about how to go,I saw my mother standing outside school.Because of the rain,her shoes were wet.And I knew she must has waited for a long time because I came out very late.At that moment,I felt her love around me,I was moved.
After then,I believe there is much love around me,and if I find carefully,I will discover a lot,and I will feel better.
To show my love,I will help others as more as I can,and I will try my best to make others feel love around them.
There is an announcement that our society is going to recruit new members.
First of all.
I'd like to introduce what we do usually.
Our society will have an English corner on the weekend that woudn't influence our daily study life.
Though, if we have a show should be presented, maybe we may use some spare time to practice.
On the one hand, if you join in the society, you can improve your oral English through talking with foreigner professors or club members.
On the other hand, we are supposed to invite some teachers to tell us something about their abroad life.
You may wonder how can you join us.
Call 65003256, for your dedicated service.
Spring Festival is celebrated by the Chinese person.
Christmas is celebrated by westerners.
Though they have different cultural backgrounds, the two holidays are alike in some aspects.
The Spring Festival and Christmas have much common.Both are prepared beforehand to create a joyous atmosphere;both offer a family reunion with square feast;and both satisfy the children in new clothes,loverly presents and delicious food.
The spring Festival and the Christmas are both the most important holidays in a year, the family get together, enjoy delicious food and give beautiful presents to each other .
Besides, both the spring Festival and the Christmas are a family celebration.
As many of the family as possible gather together to eat, play party games and, these days watch the special Festival programs on TV.
Finally,everyone gets sele-val days off work, for the holiday, because both of them are the transactional holiday.
Both of the most important holiday to everyone is very velure and give person have unforgettable memories.The day starting is the first year start, give people new things welcome, everyone are fell happiness and give oneself the best wishes in the new days, everyone can exchange best wishes with each other.
Nowdays the Internet is more and more popular than before.
Society is affacted by it very much.
We always use it in our daily life.
People use it to write some essay on blog or facebook and any other famous dating site.
We meet many strangers and they also know us by Internet .
So our circle become larger.
We can find many friends with the same hobbies.
In addition to that, people in other ccountries and people domestic shorten the distance with Internet.
We can learn anything you want by it.
It also shorten the distance between different culture differernt society.
Then we have many differernt informantions you really need.
Then you may widden your mind you have many other opinions on one event.
All in all ,every coin has its two sidea.
So in my view there is some proplems we always use Interent instead the traditional communication.If people spend too much time and effort on blog writing, they may have no chance and spirit to have face-to-face communications.Exactly,heir ability to deal with people in life may decrease.
At last we must realized the impact of the Internet on Interpersonal communication.
And do our best to solve it.
The Great Wall has a history of more than two thousand years.
It is the most famous for the world.and than I visited it to do some interesting things.
The first one,I took photos with my parents and with them take the walk on the Great Wall.The second,I talk with them so many exciting things so I will never forget this trip.At last,we were have a picnic on the Great Wall.
In a word,I thought this trip was the most wonderful sight.
Britain is made up of Northern Ireland and some small islands of Great Britain (including England, Scotland, Welsh) and the northeast of Ireland.
Welsh became part of the kingdom of England in 1535.1707 England and Scotland merger, 1801 and Ireland merged.
Northern Ireland, known as Northern Ireland, is still in the UK.
As a result, the Irish Republic has a difference frequently of violence in the TV news and frequently in Northern Ireland.
Elizabeth (Majesty Queen Elizabeth II Her), the current queen of England, the Commonwealth Heads of state, the supreme leader of the congress.
She is responsible, and she is serious about everything.
Britain is also a tourist attraction.
Buckingham Palace, Tower Bridge of London, Big Ben, The London Eye, etc.
These very attractive.
There is also a good choice to study abroad.
Recently we ushered a new spoken English teacher ,Mr Smith,he's from Canada.
He's an out-going young man with a pair of glasses and is of medium height.
He's very humorous that he often tells jokes to us.
He likes helping other people so everybody wants to make friends with him.
In the aspect of teaching,his knowledge is very rich and the class is lively and interesting,that is way we all like his lessons.
Although he and we get along very well he is very strict to us.
We all like this teacher and believe that we can make progress with him teaching us in English.
There is no doubt that it's quite important for us to create a green campus together.
First of all, a green campus does good to our study and health.
As we all know, campus is where we acquire knowledge every day.
A pleasant environment can keep us a good mood and also provide us with a positive study atmosphere.
Thus we can learn better.
Secondly, whether a campus is green also symbolize the culture of our school.
So we should realize that it is our duty to create and maintain a green campus.
To create a green campus, we can begin with some small things in our daily life.
First, we should keep the environment clean and save energy as much as possible, such as pick up the litter, recycle the paper and turn off the lights when there is nobody in the classroom.
What's more, a green campus is beyond a clean environment, which means we should also pay more attention to all behavior and manners.
Only when we work together can we create a green campus.
Now I will introduce a European country called Switzerland which I want to travel the most.It's a developed country in the central Europe,and closed to Austria France Italy and German.The country covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres and has a populatin of 75 millon.The capital is Berne and Geneva is one of the most famous cities in Switzerland.This country is very clear and the scenery is beaufully, so it is known as "the world garden".Because watch chemical and food industry is developed,lots of visitors buy them as tourist souvenirs.
Nowadays, we often receive some anonymous calls or messages.
We do not know why and how can they get our phone number.
It is very dangerous and maybe the anonymous calls or messages just want to get your phone fare.
I can give two way to stop the situation that one is making the anonymous number into your blacklist and the other is not giving your phone number away.
However I think the most important one is not clicking the hyperlink that the message sends to you and not calling back if it is rang off when you answer it nevertheless there is no one replying.
The first advantage is if you have a blacklist, they cannot phone or message you again.
I think it is the basic way to let you get out of the trouble.
The second advantage is that if you do not give your number away, the other person cannot know your number and cannot bother you.
Now many persons are asked to fill in the table in the street and sometimes they cannot refuse it because the one who asked them to write is really enthused.
Finally, they give their phone number away and others can easily get their number to do something bad.
It is the chief way to stop this situation.
If you don't understand English, how can you know more about the world.
Please be vigilant and keep our information safe.
I thought the most unforgettable experience was that to be a teacher this summer.This experience helped me learn a lot that I can't absorb at school.
I regard this experience as my fortune.
This summer I have a long vacation, I have nothing to do in my home,I decided to find a job as the improvement of my ability.After all,I'm 21 years old.
I must cultivate my ability to fit this society.So I began to find job in everywhere.But the job was difficult to find.The boss always found some reason to refuse me.Finally I found a good job,this job was very fully me.I worked as a teacher.
At the beginning, I thought this job wasn't difficult for me,the job was that teach pupil to learn some English words and some simple article.But when I began to teach them, I found that there have a lot of problems what I never mind.
For instance, how to get along well with your students and how stimulate student interest to learn English,these questions always get me into trouble.But the most difficult thing was that got the student's parent trust, if student's parent don't trust you,they won't let their child take part in a tutorial class,I must learn how to communicate with parents, let them trust me I have ability to teach their child.
In a word,this experience made my life more colorful and meaningful, meanwhile it'll improve my ability, I will never forget this experience.
The contradictory of traffic is growing sharply which effect everyone's life.
The three selections presented above are typical examples.
The number of private cars rose sharply but the realizing of obeying traffic rules is reducing.Some drivers, cyclist and pedestrians igore traffic rules which lead to many avoidable accidents.
Traffic rules are apart of rules and regulations, and it should be conducted strictly.
Without it, people can't live in harmony with other drivers.
But only with rules cannot keep social safe.
Pedestrians play an import role in traffic safety.
On no account do people breaking traffic rules is allowed.
In the surface break rules savings time, but in fact it wasting more time.
Breaking traffic rules poses a threat to everyone.
In order to keep traffic safety, everyone should obey traffic rules.
When I got the title, many successful person emerged in my mind.
They are all triumphant people who had made a great difference to the world we live in.
For example, Albert Einstein, Thomas Edison, Stephen Hawking, and so on.
However, in my mind, they are great people but not the most successful one.
I focus on those that are mortals in our society and live a life of obscurity, but they never afraid of satisfying themselves to helping others.
Now I'd love to share you with my choice of the most successful person -Z.
Z is a very ordinary Chinese teacher of a middle school in Heilongjiang.
Outgoing and beautiful, Z is an excellent teacher with patience and responsibility, and loved by her students.
May 8th in 2012, was a work day as usual, but it was a turning point of Z When she was guiding students to walk cross the road, a car accident happened suddenly.
The car was running to the students before Z could notice.
According to the sudden disaster, Z took the quick action.
She pushed her students away from the car that was out of control, and she herself was knocked down.
Unfortunately, the car crushed her on her legs.
Though she was in danger, she still yelled for saving the students first.
After this accident she can never stand up.
Her story aroused wide concern in the society, and she was regarded as the most beautiful teacher.
We can define success receiving lots of great achievements in many fields, but taking a risk of scarifying oneself to save others is a greater success.
I pay my respects to all the successful and ordinary heroes.
My favourite animal is a leopard.
Because it is ferocious.
It has tow round eyes, a sensitive nose, four legs, sharp teeth and claws.
It doesn't eats grass, but it eats meat and other animals.
It lives in the jungle.
Its name is baobab.
It likes catching in the jungle.
I like it.
In my opinion, anti-social behavior increase because of education.
The education people recieve from their family and teacher effect their behavior.
Furthermore, from the society, people get respect from the society, they learn to pay back and well behave themself.
For this reason, we should concentrate on building a better education system.
Government should pay more money to hire better teacher.
The school book should tell people how to be a better man.
These are my opinion, hope it's getting better soon.
In recent years,a sedentary lifestyle is increasingly be chosen by common people neglecting their health.Health crisis is becoming serious due to unreasonable lifestyle.Increasing people's conscious to keep a healthy body is essential.
As we all know that the sedentary lifestyle is very harmful to people'health.Not only researchers have concluded that lack of activity is likely to result in various ailments, such as obesity and heart disease,but also we individual people feel tired easily if we don't do some exercise day-to-day.
There are many ways to develop healthy habits according to our jobs,for example we can do yoga if we work in office,have longer breaks in school.What's more,breakfast cannot be left out in calendar ,nutrients is dispensable for our body.
In my eyes people need to get exercise by whatever means possible and should eliminate sedentary habits to be responsible for ourselves.
Hi, my name is Tom.
I have a very big room.
In my room,you can see a big bed.
My model plane is on the bed.
My book is in it.
I have a bookcase.
My books and pen are in the bookcase.
And I have a table.
My pencil box is in it.
I have a violin.
I live it very much.
And I like my room very much too.
My name is S.I think friends are like books-I doesn't need a lot of them,as long as they are good.Lucy is my best friend.We have many differences.I have long straight hair but Lucy is a beautiful girl with short curly hair.I like sport so I play them better than Lucy.She is much more hard-working than me.I am a little quiet.She is more outgoing and funnier than anyone I know.She always tells some interesting jokes and makes us laugh a lot.Both of us like doing some reading.We always go to the library on weekends together.
I have a beautiful and big school.
On the first floor, there are some classrooms and some office, there is a library, there is a physical office, there are two field houses, there is a craft room, there is a music room.
On the second floor, there is a president's office, there are some classrooms, there are some office, there is an art room, there is a fine art office.
On the third floor, there is a teacher conference room, there are some classrooms, there are some office.
On the forth floor, there are two computer rooms, there are some classrooms, there are some office, there is a lecture hall, there is a music room, and my classes are on the forth floor, every day we learn on the inside, our teacher is very friendly.
Next to the teaching building, there is a big playground and some basketball stand.
A recent survey shows that many students search papers from Internet in order to avoid the trouble of assignments.
I strongly object to this kind of behavior, which is harmful to the students.
As college students, we must discourage other students to download papers from the Internet.
What's more, we have to reject to this behavior firstly.
In my point of view, college students are educated people.
They should hold their own opinion about anything, which reminds them of the capabilities of thinking.
College students can no more think than cars lose their wheels.
Both of them stop proceeding on the way.
Further more, downloading papers from the Internet is actually a cheating behavior.
College students hand in papers with others' efforts and make teachers disregard the papers as their own works.
This academic dishonesty might lead to a more serious result after college students enter our society.
People may worry about their credits.
If so, they might be given up by society.
In conclusion, we advocate that dishonesty behavior should be objected on campus and should not be brought to the society.
College students are not supposed to indulge themselves to download papers from Internet.
All of us must be aware of the harmful effects of such a dishonest behavior.
Faith is the dark only a lamp, have no faith, lost the direction, people like to go the soul, life for rent indefinite; As the only forever like aquatic plants with wave flicker.
Faith is a continuous power, have no faith, lost life point, people like dying embers, have borne no trace, like eggs, vulnerable.
Faith is a very tough the sword, it can put all stumbling blocks are frustrated; You can open a new avenue; Can help you get on top of the ideal.
Faith is a sign of life.
The grass is a life, because it has a permanent faith.
It will break out, it will bath dew, it will enjoy sunshine, it will confide gives it life the most brilliant green.
