I enjoy this film most for its exciting plots,in which what gave me the deepest impression is that they always banded together and never considered giving up,whenever they met any danger or challenges.
Meanwhile,via facing these difficulties,the excellent qualifications of responsibility,courage and love were shining on the screen.
Finally,the fascinating scenes with magic music also make the film much more wonderful.
Following the steps of the characters,a magic world is opening to us where we can not only experience the exciting adventure but also learn to face the non-stop challenges in our daily life.
Although some critics observed that the story was unpractical,I still believe it's a wonderful film for teenagers.
Nowdays,the development of tourism is very rapid,which can promote the development of the local economy.But at the same time,with the increase of tourists,historical sites and cultural relics got more and more serious damage.
For this,there is a extensive discussion.Somebody considers that we should limit the development of tourism,but others don't agree with.
As far as I'm concerd, we shouldn't limit its development because it has became an important insdutry and promotes the development of related industries.To deal with it,first,the government should strengthen the management measures.
Second , the government needs to strengthen the protection of tourist spots in the propaganda work.For us ,we should improve the consciousness to protect the cultural relics and historic sites.We can enjoy the beautiful scenery and relax ourselves ,besides ,it can bring incomes for country ,why not do it?
In recent years,online shopping is becoming more and more popular.Many people like shopping online.Especially the young.
However,some people take the different views.First,people don't always know the quality of online purchase goods.If you buy a bad good,I think your mood is so bad.Second,it will let people become very lazy.When you go shopping,you are doing exercise.But you don't go out,you will become lazy to do anything.Third,when you are busy,you want to buy something you need.So you can online shopping.
In my opinion,I think there are good ways and bad ways.People can buy something what you can't find it in th local store.Online shopping have many chose the beautiful goods.But we should also go out shopping.It can increase the relationship between friends.
Since 2008 financial crisis,the Chinese government has took a set of actions to protect economy,including the stable monetary policy,4000 billion plan snd so on .when looking back into the Japanese economic history,there are some common features similiar with the present condition.SO what can we learn from the Japannese economic growth ?
First of all,we must change the exporting oriented economy structure,going a way that economic growth relying on domestic demand.China has a large population ,70% of which is living on agriculture.So if we they can be released from poverty,there will be an enormous engine on driving domestic demand so as to reduce ehe expoeting proportion.
Second,what we have to convert is the situation that the economic growth mainly depends on goverment's driving to increase the power of inter-motivation of economy.Breaking monoply,lowing the sill of civilian investment and guiding more capital flowing into civilian companies can be very efficient.It is also very necessary to improve social security system,increase residential income,optimize allocation.
Third,we should utilize all kinds of measures to protect our infant industry.It is essential to focus ondeveloping the service industry.We can use the trade barriers to gurantee our intrests.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
In order to make our school life more and more interesting,I think everyone should take part in after-school activities,such as social activity,sports,and watching English movies.My favorite activity is watching English films.When I try to understang the communication among the charactors, my English skill has been improved.
In my opinion,if you want to exchange ideas with other students and work in teams,you can join in social activity.If you enjoy taking exercise,sports is a good choice.What's more,if you are interested in English,it's good for you to watch English films.
Different national have different Learning Style.For our Chinese,some literature seems to hold the view that student learning styles are predetermined by their culture.
For our Chinese,My personal experience has led me to believe that one can be flexible in one learning practices.Having been brought up in a traditional Chinese family,So that,the international student experience,and hence has limited our ability to conceptualise a quality education for these students.I could say I used be a passive recipient in education Learning was that stage,one in which I played a very passive role.
Merely accepting and sucking everything the teacher said.However, this changed with exposure to other methods of learning and I now enjoy the constructivist approach in learning.However,up to this moment there is still very little literature expiring the possibility of flexibility in changing learning styles or adding new styles to ones repertoire.
I think the Learning style despite their previous educational and cultural background.
Since joined into the NAFTA and WTO, US has experienced a tough memory: massive trade deficits and job losses.
Even more, ignoring these deteriorating evidences, the Bush Administration tries to open "fast track", which will certainly lead to some controversial arguments.
Sustained appreciation of US dollar, persistent barriers to US exports, steadily growing number of FDI, as well as the most contributing factor, the creation of WTO and NAFTA, all of which have resulted in what we've seen today: huge gap between US exports and imports, wide-spread job losses among dozens of States, great impact to several industries, especially the manufacturing sector.
Overall, the existing trade agreements in the WTO and NAFTA should be repaired and rebuilt rationally.
From the chart above, we can easyly get a conclusion that the more you learned, the higher your salary would be.
The chart denied the claim that knowledge is useless.
However .quite a few people still hold the opinion that a higher education does no good to a better job since that there are many university students who can not get an ideal job.
While those who failed to get a better education will hardly succeed in getting a good job.
because they didn't get the knowledge systematically and scientifically.
As the proverb goes like this, Knowledge is power.
Nowadays,online shopping has become a direction,More and more person prefer online shopping to outside shopping.It may take many convenient for person who were busy with their profession for the most part.
Online shopping can solve many problems,For example,we needn't take the bus or subway that will lose a lot of time and energy.When it comes to positive aspects,it's extremely convenient and time-saving compared with traditional shopping because it brings us a lot of convenience.Just click your button,and all that you can do is to wait for your delivery to come.
However,just as everything has two sides,online shopping also has many disadvantages.First of all,most products have intently evil quality.We can only see the things of the photos on the web page,so their quality is not so good as it looks.In addition,we sometimes feel surprise because this was not stained from life.This is based of my own experience.
On the whole,via the above analysis,l believe online shopping has a brilliant future intensely.There is a long way to go for us to refine its service.
Everyone wants to have a good future.But you need to do something improve your qualification and catch chance.In China, more and more people choose to take civil service exams.They hope to become government employees and they think it is a good choice.As a college student, you should to learn how to plan our own life.If you become a civil servant, you will have comfortable life and do same things .It's important in a civil servant that have strong responsibility and more interest.
As far as l'm concerned, the exam is challenging and exciting.We have different ideas and choices.Accorading to your idea and plan is right.If you want to become a civil servant, you'll take the exam.Howevet,if you have not more interest you'll feel boring.We need to do yourself, rather than follow others.
As far as I'm concerned,the "reservation"means "responsibility".First of all,reservation can make the work orderly at the restaurant.Afterwards reservation, the customer could have some psychological comfort.Reservation may generally fall into five categories: spot reservation, communication reservation, instruction reservation, voluntary reservation and entrustment reservation.
The first step, fill in the hotel reservation.
Include such basic information as guest name,telephone number, address, number of guests and sit-down time.And recorded properly.
When the guests tell the above information, repeat the above information to the guests.Say thanks and goodbye to the guest.
To improve the efficiency of the reservation service, the key is to optimize the reservation channel.
If you ask your employees to treat customers sincerely, you should treat your employees.
In addition, regular training for all staff is also a good choice.
Nowaday,campus romance is everywhere in university,and more and more students are keen on pursuing campus romance.Pursuit campus romance which isn't a bad thing,but I think that the university students should not attach important to seek campus romance.
On the one hand,the campus romance is basis on the economic,as a result,we students are consumers that we don't have enough resource to pay for something.On the other hand,students should exert theirselves to study,namely that we must not focus on seeking campus romance.
As for me,I am in favour of making friends on campus.However,romance isn't representative of love,we must build up our ability to deal with the normal relationship between boys and girls.What's more,we should have a good time on the campus,which is good for our job in the future.
It is almost known to all that smoking is unfavorable for people's health.
Scientific researches show that smoking can lead to heart disease , cancer and problem .
The world health organization says diseases linke-d to smoking skill at least two million five-hundred-thousand persons each year.
Still , many people find it difficult to stop smoking .
One reason is that smoking usually become habit behaviour and habits ,whether good or the bed are not easy to be given up .Another reason is the effect of nicotine , the substance found in cigarettes works on people somewhat as drugs do .
Measures have been taken to help people keep away from the harm of smoking.
In many cities , smok-ing is forbidden in public places.The danger of smoking is warned of everywhere.
And newspapers asked not to polish advertisements for cigarettes .The world"No Tobacco Day "is observed every year as the biggest campaign against smoking.
Hi peter I am lihua.
There are some advices.
The can help you learn to chinese well .
First you can attend chinese class.
You should watch chinese books and magazines and watch tv in english .
You have to make friend in china this is most important thing .
Yes you should sing chinese songs everday .
Wating for you letter.
The article mainly tells a story about Miss Brill spent one day in the park.
The author uses a lot of figures of speech to represent the character of Miss Brill.
The text is written in the modernist mode, third-person limited point of view, without a set structure.
Mansfield's personification through the passage reveals a sense of loneliness.
It belongs to Miss Brill for she not only makes up a connection with other park goers, but also personifying her inanimate a piece of clothing by conversing with it as well as feeling for it.
Miss Brill is an English in Paris who makes a living by teaching English and nursing.
In the foreign country and in a low social rank, status, she is isolated by the society and she feel feels lonely.
Therefore, she tries her best to find the sense of belonging.
However, at the time she falls into her illusion and feels that she is included by the society, the young couple's words break her dream and drag her to the reality.
At the beginning of the story, the author described a brilliant and fine situation.
Using the white wine to describe the gold and great spots of light in the blue sky.
The metaphor expressing the weather was really fine in that day.
And then the author writing the air was motionless but when open mouth there was a faint chill, a faint chill just like Miss Brill, everyone was talking or playing in the park, only Miss Brill sits on the beach, looking at others joys and sorrows in the park.
The fur is an important clue in this essay.
Miss Brill protected her very well, she touched and cleaned it very carefully.
She called the fur "dear little things", "Little rouge".
In Miss Brill's eyes, the fur just like her partner, give her shelter and warmth.
Regarding it as her treasure.
Novetheless at last of the article, a boy and girl laughed at her and said Miss Brill's fur is so funny, like a fried whirling.
The young couple's words break her dream and pull her to the reality.
Miss Brill never realized that she was a lonely old woman, she lived in her own world, isolated from the social life.
She usually bought a slice of honeycake every sunday.
It is a gift she bought for herself.
But this day, she passed the baker's by, bake, went straight to her little, dark house.
Nonetheless even in her own house, she can't release her sad mood.
When she put the lid on she thought she heard something shouting.
Through the whole article, it is not hard to discover that Miss Brill also deeply loves life.
She went to the park, bought a honey cake for herself as Sunday treat.
She also tended to have a common life as an ordinary person.
Since the NAFTA went into effect and the WTO was created,the US's trade deficits and unemployment have accelerated rapidly.The NAFTA and the WTO made the foreign direct investment by the US move to Mexico, Canada and other countries.
These countries expanded production capacity to export many goods to the US.
The US gained little and lost much from these agreements.
So before moving ahead with another round of broad, new trade deals, the US should repair and rebuilt these existing trade agreements.
As is shown in the picture, we can see a man lying on the ground.
He has a green quilt.
In his on top and a snail shell.
Next to a computer, mobile phone and a book.
Another man standing next to him.
The man should send takeout.
Because his hand holding a food, another hand money to the man.
They all look so happy.
See this scene, we have to remind family dwelling.
"Dwelling" is the literal meaning of the snail's place of residence, or the shell of a snail.
It is a small place, used for modern life.
I think that refers to a person's life.
work.and love.
Every day a person living in their rented house.
They don't go shopping and don't watch the movies.
They pay attention to their own small family.
To save money for the family, buy their own nest "house".
Now popular "housing slave", was a typical representative of this trend.
Thus, they like a snail shell cover is same, try to stop but cannot and without freedom.
Now some people dwelling reaction have their own house and travel everywhere.
Their life is hard.
Especially those living in the class to have a house of their own is very difficult.
In my opinion, I do not accept.
I like to take one's ease.
Don't love so caught on something.
I think people should have pursuit.
But don't give yourself too much pressure.
My name is H.I'm a grade 3 of senior.
high school student.I want to take part in Dragon Boat Training Camp and I would like to invite you to join it with me.
on sunday,we get to Sichuan.Then,we have a taining.Beside,my two pupils also take part in this camp,I believe you will get well with them.
If you could take,we would be very happy.I'm look forward to seeing you.Can you join us?
In my future, I'm also the ordinared person, as them have a same time also have a simpl life as them.
I think i won't get married in the future.
I will have a good job, making me go around in the word so i alway traveled with many countries and cities, so that when i am traveling on the road , i will make a lot of frends, so that in my route every hour and moment i don't never feel happy.
Because i have many friends in my future life , i alway ask them to teach me thire culture but i'm so far for them so we will use a smart and small tool its very cool which make us study easily than agin we can face to face on the virtualized screen , it' very easy to study, so it's used to the shool for students to study that make them can study at home.
In ehe future we will live in a green word , none drop litter carelessly , speaking dirty words.
I think i will having a good life in the future and happy every day, i hope my dream will come ture.
Recently,we can see many colorful classification dustbins in the street,and we often watch aspect of them information on TV, which means that people have recognized garbage is also good wealth .
As far as I am concerned, waste sorting can reduce the pollution to the environment and increase the recycling of waste.
Therefore,with the development of high economy, a large number of pollution growths and the increase of people's living standards day by day,there is a growing number of garbage.At first of place,we know a lot of waste that is becoming a marvelous pollution source to big city's development and the garbage on the environmental pollution has a serious problem.If a lot of living garbage cannot get effective treatment, it real result in a big pollution to our environment and surrounding water,air and soil.On the other hand, waste sorting can increase the recycling of rubbish.
Living garbage can devided into four categories that recoverable garbage,kitchen waste,harmful waste and other waste.Because of most of the rubbish is reused.
If we use them reasonably,we will turn bad to good that gain more .
As a college student, and in order to living better, we should know the importance of waste sorting clearly and act.
Although it is a small thing,it will bring reward to our society.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival all the year round for the Chinese.It means an old year says goodbye to us and a new year is coming.
According the tradition,it's common for Chinese to paste the character 'Fu',big and small, on walls and doors.
'Fu' shows people's yearning toward a good life.
So I decorated the house with the character 'Fu' and some paper-cuts on the New Year's Eve.In addition,I also helped my mother clean the room in order to sweep the bad luck.In the evening,my family had a big dinner.And then we enjoyed the Spring Festival Gala evening together.At midnight,we went out to set off firecrackers.This evening was so amazing that left us feeling amazed.
On the New Year's day,I visited my grandpa and grandm and they gave me the lucky money.They were glad to see that I have grown up and study well.
The next day,my parents and I went to Thailand by air and we had a good time there.
This is my Spring Festival.
A collegeis a school who has a very large land .There are many buildings.In it I would meet many friends who came from different place from china.
I would study harder than my middle school time .I believe much knowledge is helpful for my future.
During three years.I hope to meet a girl .we can encourege each other and study together for our future.
I think I must make some friends.
we tell our dreams ,share our secrets,play basketball.
I hope I can receive a well work from my study.
Nowadays online shopping is becoming fashionable.More and more people tend to shop on the internet.
Online shopping has competitiveness.
It makes our life more convenient and comfortable.
For example,shopping on the internet can release our many times.In addition,consumers have more choices and can do some comparison when they are going shopping online.Then just waiting for the express.The most important is that we can purchase the foreign goods.The goods are cheaper than store's.Online shopping is extremely easy and useful.
However each coin have two sides.Online shopping also have disadvantages.Some times people would be cheated online without wariness.You don't recognize the goods is good or unfavorable?It is not that easy for consumers to distinguish the fake and the real without looking at real things.Sometimes it is not safe enough.
I suppose that we should pay more attention when shopping on the internet.We should make a better environment for shopping online,effective measures should be taken to make it better.It will increasing number of customers.I think online shopping will be much more popular in the near future.At the same time we should take measures to make it better.
In today's society,social networking sites are very popular.
But everyone has themself opinions about the thing.In my opinion,I think social networking sites are benefits to us and necessary to everyone.
In china,the majority people use QQ to work and make friend .All my friends have their QQ for contact each other.So,it is necessary to everyone.Sometimes,I make friends with strangers.
Although some say that the network is virtual, network not believable.
But I believe that on the Internet we still can make true friends.
Not only that, I can make more like-minded friends of her own age.
I firmly believe that social networking sites' advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
Finally, I just want to say that we can't Give up eating for fear of choking.
Along with the rapid development of the society and science, foods are changed directly by science nowadays, some people assert that GMO foods are good to make people live healthier and longer, give people chances to make their stuffs strong.
While there are also quite a few people who strongly despise the above attitude.
This is a very controversial issue and people hold quite different opinions on it.
However, both sides make sense, to my mind, I would say that GMO foods do more harm than good.
Firstly, there is no doubt that high level of science can give more area to improve for foods, so that the quality of foods can be raised to a high level, there would be more factories to make various foods.
People can get vitamins and other tiny elements easier than ever before.
However, it is hard to make sense for people to recognize the label of foods if there have many vitamins and elements because not all of users know the knowledge of different kinds of foods.
Also, it give people more choices to choose, so that it would takes people more time on choosing and buying if they go to the shops and supermarkets.
The second thing that must be taken into consideration is that whether the GMO food brings us more good or bad to our daily lives.
Like the information above, GMO foods carries smaller amount of elements and high quality of energy in it but there are less remarkable tickets to help customers to understand and recognize which kind of GMO foods are proper for them, even for the sellers of supermarkets to introduce the GMO foods, that may result in a bad situation which customers of GMO foods injured from some bad improper part of GMO foods, and shops and factories accessed by customers.
Not that I want to ignore the benefits of GMO foods but we should not look down to the bad things it can give us.
It would take several days to finished the food they buying or throw the bad foods away, however it takes weeks even months to finish the foods that stored because the foods can be kept for a long time.
So more foods in shops and supermarkets will be stored for a long time, which the price must be decreased.
In short, after taking the above points into account, I am convinced that the merits of taking disadvantages of science effected on foods far outweigh its advantages, therefore, it is helpful to recommended we further encourage the process while alternating the public of its potential harm.
Hello,everyone.
It is my great honor to be here,and share my opinions.
We all know China is bidding for the 2022 Winter Olympics.
The government came out new rules and behavior standards for students and we weren't against the rules.
In my daily life, I always think about what should I do if I want to be polite.
Undoubtedly, it is very simple to be polite.
When I go to bad,I always say good night to my parents,and as soon as I wake up I say good morning to my parents.
I think it is easy for us to say good morning or good night to our parents, but it will bring a good mood to your parents.
Respect your parents is the basic thing for us to be polite.
I often smile at someone I first meet,because it can let the stranger feel relaxing.
When we have a meet with others,we should get there on time.
When we are at the school, we say hello to our teacher actively for the most part, because we know whatever teachers do,they make sure things are good for us.
It is important for us to be polite to others.
When I have lunch at school,I always wait in line and have lunch silently.
It seems it is easy for us to do all for these things.
Nevertheless if we do they well, I am sure our parents and teacher will be proud of us.
We can also feel happy as we are polite students.
We should always increase the awareness of the importance of being polite.
It's fall now.The weather becomes more and more cool and winter will be start at once.
Winter is the fourth season in the year.
We can enjoy ourselves and play some games.Before winter comes,the weather is cool.So we should dress on warm clothing and buy some warmer clothes for the cold winter.I am a student come from GANSU province so I don't know about the weather of LUOYANG.I hope I can adapt to the cold weather well.It's so cold in winter,but it will be fun because we can play with snow.We can see daffodil in fall and see beautiful plum blossom in the winter.
My favourite season is winter.Winter is a beautiful and cold season.The fall will be end,so I am happy to welcome the winter comes.Before winter comes,the weather is cool.We should do more exercise and keep our body healthy.Winter will be start and welcome it comes.
Everyone has something provoking in daily life.
My neighbor lost himself in music.And he often listened to rock music.
It was so noisy that I couldn't give my whole attention to my homework.
In addition,he turned up at night.
It was too loud to fall asleep.
So I was very angry.I made a suggestion to him.He promised that he will turn down and he said sorry to me.I can study quietly again.
There are different opinions among people as to clone.
Some people suggest that it will bring us a lot of benefits.The reasons are as follows.
If we take clone into practice, first, it will help couples to have babies they cannot have otherwise.
Second, it let human find cures to fatal injures and diseases.
Third, it enabled endangered species to increase their population.
Last but not least, clone will massively improve the agricultural industry.
In my opinion, cloning is a high technology, we should spend more energy in this field, only we make cloning technology mature, can we have a better life.
It's my great honour for me to share my feelings and ideas with everyone.Following is what I want to express.
First of all,when it comes to me,it's excited for me to reach the university which I am longing to seeing and my heart is filled with happiness and surprising.
The reason why I feel surprised is that my first impression about my university is magnificent.Then,as for freshmen,the university is so big that we lost our ways.No sooner had I entered the campus,than I was charmed by the beautiful scenery of my university.
For one thing,I am looking forward to learning in a beautiful campus so that I have a chance to open my eyes.
For another,I make a decision that I will spare no effort to study hard and become excellent in character and learning in order to achieve my aim.
At present,what is the most important is that I act on it with effort.
Last but not least,I hope I get through my power to adapt to the new conditions and dig into my books.No matter what I choose,can I stick out trying my best to study hard.Meanwhile,I believe that only if I stand up to the next challenge on my goal,can miracles happen every day.Only we work hard,must we make our dream come true.Fced with new problems,we should try our best to solve it reasonably.
The family plays an important role in our life.
It can protect us from being hurt, give us warmth.
The key is that it can deliver love and infect us.
A warm family inspires us to be positive everyday.
So creating a harmonious family is very important.
We live together with the family .
We have breakfast, lunch and dinner.We almost chat with each other at any time .
Whether our moods are good or not always affects other members'.
If we have happy things, we always first think of our family members.
If we are faced with troubles ,we always get help from them.
We and our family are a gentry.
We share happy , bear burden \ .Namely , a harmonious family is good to us,and also the society.
Let's do our best to create a harmonious family.
It is a responsibility that we must take.
It has become a popular trend to online shopping.A few years ago,many people are accustomed to shopping in a mall.With the development of the network,nowadays a lot of people online shopping,especially among the youngsters,nonetheless also part of middle-aged people also online shopping.
However,all coins have two sides,there are certain advantages and disadvantages of online shopping.As the same time,shopping on the internet has a lot of advantages.Generally speaking,most of the people choose online shop have an important reason.That is convenient.For example,if you tend to buy something but don't want to go out,obviously you just need surf the internet and click the mouse.As a result of the internet is a false world,therefore,online shopping also has it is disadvantages,on the one hand,the first advantage is that consumers can't see the goods or try them on personally.On the other hand,the second disadvantage is that some shops will treat you.
As a matter of the fact,how can we harness the benefit whiling avoiding the drawbacks?As far as I am concerned,we should be careful.Besides,you can't trust others.Certainly,we also need consume reasonably on the internet.Anyway,online shopping has made our life more convenient and comfortable.
I come from carrefour.
Presently, carrefour ranked 29th among the Fortune 500 companies.
NOW, I recomment to the new series of logistics.
These are three advantages of it, as follow.
First, the series of logistics have ample basic ackonwledge.
However, it can invisible improve your ability of creative.
Second, The auther of this series is famous professor come from all over the world.
Obviously, it has great influence in a way.
Third, these books utilize the most progressive technique and theory, in order to students find out new skill from technique.
Coincide, our company will discount of half during three days before.
I am looking forward to you next email-businesseducation@press.
In the morning, we got to the hotel where we lived.
After breakfast, we began to our travels.
First, we took the bus to the Sea Park.
There are so many different kinds of fishes that I couldn't believe my eyes.
We also saw the show of dolphins.
Then we had lunch in a restaurant.
The seafood which was very famous in China was delicious.
One day, Lucy and her friend Nancy were playing on a lawn, they were playing hide and cheat.It was Lucy's turn, she saw a small cave.
so she went in to the cave and hide behind a large stone.Suddenly,she saw a small thing shining under the stone.She pushed the big rock and then ...... She couldn't belive her eyes a beautiful blue box!It was decorated by flowers and blue diamonds.
Lucy was really excited, she had no idea what inside but she knew there must be something intresting.
She took the box and show it to Nancy 'Wow,it must be fun !By the way we must find out what's the secret of this box.
'Nancy took the box and open it, they saw two beautiful necklaces.
They put on the necklaces and something happed when they wave their hand two butterflies fly around them, and they can do anything with that magical necklaces:built houses, make ice-creams and they can even change their places!They promise to use their magical power to help others and praise good person, and also be secret forever.
Christmas Day is coming .
It is on 25 December,the day when christians celebrate.Are you spending Christmas with your family ?
Yes,you will very happy.A small gift,usually of money,given at Christmas to sb.
who provides a service during the year ,for example a postman.
I will tell a story about Christmas .A long sock which children leave out when they go to bed on Christmas Eve so that it can be filled with presents.Sometimes,some western people can get a christmas tree,that people cover with decorations and coloured lights and have in their homes or outside at Christmas .
At that day our English teacher give me a surprise.I hope we can get the Christmas holidays.I western country,people can have Christmas dinner with their family.
I think we are not thinking Christmas is important,why we always celebrate it and can get presents that day.Merry Christmas Day to all people.
l'd like to give you a brief introduction to it.
No 4 mibble school ,the largest becuful school in our county,lies noth of the zunyi county.Thier are student more than 2000 people and beautiful environment of school .So l love it.
People busy day, there is little time to focus on such a minor matter of the food safety.Nonetheless in the last decade,food safety but high-profile.China on food safety confront unprecedented challenges,which cause a panic.
In 2008,Sanlu Company place of the chemical additives into the milk instead of the protein.The exposure of the incident shocked the Chinese and foreign people.Some foreign media even suspected the milk and food safety in Beijing Olympic Games.The Beijing Olympic Games win honor for China while the incident totally destroy it.
In 2011,the illegal cooking oil event one's criminal conspiracy was unmasked.The survey found that the waste oil processing dens was hidden in Tianjin, Hebei and even Beijing.
Some expert pointed out that prolonged use of waste oil will conduce to the carcinogenic.This event makes public a strong disturbed on food safety.
There are two examples of many cases.Other food safety problem like chemical additives and pesticide pollution are still popular in our daily life.
Confronted of the threat of the impossible to guard against in our life,we should take measures to avoid them,here are some tips.First,avoid going to restaurants.Despite the dishes in restaurants are more delicious and more convenience,but it means more chemical additives.Cooking at home is tedious,but cleaner.Second,shopping in a supermarket instead of at a stall.A stall might cheap,but the quality cannot be guaranteed.The most crucial thing is, we need to improve food safety awareness, and to avoid the harm of ourselves and our families.
The proverb that The Early Bird Cathes The Worm tells us that those who are hard -working will achieve success .
Hard-working is relative to success.For example,I'm lazy when I enter in high school,and my English tests are always failed.Therefore ,I spare no effort to study at the expense of my leisure time .As a result my English tests have improved.
First,it is difficulty achieving success when you first time do it even if you are luck.No Pains, No Gains.
You must try it again and again until you succeed.
Where there is a will ,there is a way.Don't give up , it may be only just one step away from success.
In other words , power is necessary to achieve success.
.To gain the power, you must work hard.
By constantly study , you will have more and more knowledge and skills which can help you achieve success easily and quickly.
I achieve success due to my effort.
Lately a hot discussion on Studying abroad or finding a job has come to people's attention.Some people prefer to study abroad, but some are tending to find a job.
As for me, I'd like the latter view, and meanwhile I have some ideas about it.
First,we are expected to become a versatile man who equipped himself with large members of occupational skills.
So putting the theory into practice is essential to our life.
If we learn from experience,we can obtain rich experience which helps us to get success easier.
On the contrary,the person who only knows to study is fated to fail.
Second, finding a job means stepping into society earlier.That is to say, you can get more chances to train your determination and courage.How shall you expect flowers that grow in a greenhouse to keep out of the erosion by wind and rain?
What's more,studying abroad can cause a certain degree of homesick and add to our parents' financial burden.
Every coin has two sides,so we can't totally neglect education.
For example,studying abroad will broaden your horizons, even help your hunt for a well-paid job.
But in my opinion, I just choose the one which is most suitable for me,that is finding a job.
In the past twenty years, China has been enjoying a boom in scientific and technological development.
At the same time, we set foot in a time named the Information Age, which makes online shopping popular both at home and abroad.
When asked about the online shopping, opinion is divided on it.
Some people, who are familiar with computer and accustomed to shopping online, enjoy online shopping and consider it to be more convenient, various and efficient.
Alternatively, there is no need to go out for shopping and bother themselves to try on for color or size.
They could buy whatever they intend online, no matter when it 's rainy or sunny.
The others, however, are against the view, saying that shopping online makes them anxious, they find the goods bought online might be of poor quality and expensive.
What's more, they develop a great affection of knocking around, comparing, bargaining and purchasing when going to the mall or the department store.
As for me, I prefer to go out rather than stay at home surfing and shopping online.
In my opinion, employing a credit card doesn't feel like spending real money, then I'll buy more things than I actually need, and finally I'm likely to go into debt or worse, bankrupt.
In addition, it's shopping outside that offers me an opportunity to reduce stress, satisfy myself and reach the people.
So, I'm fond of shopping instead of online shopping.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
According to the survey,a host of high school students support to get online frequently.There are three main reasons for it.First and formost that they can access to knowledge and broaden their horizons.What's more,they can communicate and share with their friends.Last but not least,they can enjoy and relax themselves.
On no account can we ignore the negative impact of getting online,therefore some are opposed to it.It is bad for eyes.A great many students are addicted to chat and play computer games so they waste time and energy.
In my opinions, we should not spend too much time getting online.We should get useful information online and keep away from inharmony.
In this world, we should think more of other people than of ourselves.
By so doing, our world will be full of happiness.
This, of course, is my personal view.
But it is a lesson I have drawn from one of my experiences.
So now, I would like to share that experience with you.
One day, on my way to school, I was very tired after almost two days train life; I took a very crowded bus.
When the bus got to the next bus stop, it picked up many more people.
Among them was a very old man, whom I saw could hardly stand properly on such a crowded bus.
However no one who was seated around him showed any intention of offering the old man a seat.
But the ironically thing is, I happened sitting next to the old man without gave a seat just very tired.
Just then, a little girl stood up and smiled at the old man, inviting him to sit down in her seat.
The old man thanked her whole-heartedly and said she was a good girl.
But to my surprise, three young men on the bus began to laugh at the little girl, and the girl's mother also scolded her.
The little girl looked so puzzled and miserable that her face flushed, almost cried.
At this moment, there was another young man like a student as me; he clapped his hand very loudly for the little girl.
It seems to be laughing at me, I thought.
I was sitting next to the old man more near him than the little girl.
Obviously, I was not a good "one".
All the other people on the bus remained silent for a while, and the a big applause burst out with I clapped first after that young man.
The little girl began to smile like an angel in spite of tears in her eyes.
Now I think, some people on the bus might not fully understand the value of what that little girl did, but at time, she taught all the people on the bus a very good lesson.
If all the people in the world would follow the little girl's example, and if everyone were ready to help others, our world would surely be much happier and more beautiful.
Education plays an increasingly important role in our world.
Not only is it good for ourselves but also it is beneficial to our society and the country.
Consider the advantages to people, for example.
On the one hand, it teaches people to own good qualities because it has lots of aspects about virtual, like Lei Feng and plenty of excellent people who contribute themselves to the society and we take pride in.
On the other hand, it encourages people to do what they want to do.
What's more, when we are tired we can relax us from education and When we are anxious we can calm down from education, so it gives us a moment to rest.
The benefits to the society is another example.
Education brings up excellent people who can promote the development of society.
Father more, especially for nowadays, talents can invent new things such as new energy which is good for our future.
Owing to education, it spreads knowledge and our culture have the chance to continue.
Another example is for the country.
Nowadays the competition of comprehensive national strength include education so it is very important for our country's developing.
In addition, no matter which country, a good education can bring a beautiful future.
All in all, it is commonly believed that education has special value.
We need to contribute to the development of education in order to have a better tomorrow, and we should make the best of the education.
Before I came to college, everyone told me that you would have a leisurely life.
And I always expected to be a college student.
Before I came to college, the college that in my mind is a place where student could do everything they like.
And it is a symbol of loving, traveling, enjoying and so on.
But once I came here, everthing had changed.
The first thing I came here is to learn how to adjust to college life as quickly as possible.I have some ways you can follew.
Firstly, the most important thing to adjuet to the college life is to be independent.
The meaning of college is that you should do everthing by yourself.
Including wash clothes, buy daily supplies, even you may be go to some classes alone.You can not rely on anyone, even your parents.
Secondly, you should improve your communication.
At the college, the lively character and good communicative skills make you be more popular in your classmates as well as help you make more friends.
Otherwise you would be alone and no friends.
Thirdly, you should learn to enjoy college life.
Planning a travel by yourself and find a free time to make it come true.
A travel will make you grow up and adjust to the college life as quickly as possible.
Last but not least, studying is necessary to you.
You should study not only the major lessons but also the knowledge after class.
Do not let yourself behind others.
At present,graduates choose their career in many different field in our country.In view of severe employment situation,more and more graduates tend to be boss of themselves rather than to apply for a job.As a matter of fact ,there are still many graduates want to work in a big company or in government so that they can live a decent life .Some graduates are willing to work in a village or in a community to help people with their knowledge and passion.
As we all know,men and women war different in every aspect.In employment choice is still so .Men are more ambitious while women want to find a stable job.Most of men are eager to achieve their goal,but for most of women ,they are not stronger than men and they care more about family .Judging from the reality men are easier to find a proper job.
We can,therefore,come to the conclusion that the employment situation is severe in our country.Not only our government should take effective measures but as well ourselves should learn to improve in every aspect.In my opinion the most important is to keep a good state of mind.
Last weekday,I saw my mother in the work, suddenly, I came up with idea to help stem mother more household chores.
I had a busy weekend.
In the morning, I helped my mom with housework,like:taking out the rubbish, doing the dishes and folding the cloth.
In the afternoon,I had to sweep the floor and made the bed to keep my house clean and tidy.
In the evening, I helped my mom with dinner.
After dinner,I was washing the bowl and cleaning the living room.
My mom was very happy with me.
Athought I was tired, I felt very good.
A photo on the Internet shows that the lack of social rules and regulations awareness leads to many avoidable traffic accidents .From the line chart, the number of vehicles in China is increasing.
As the government , relevant effective laws should be made to discourage the increasing number of accidents from ignoring traffic lights, and heavy fines should be drawn from the people as a punishment .
And for each person ,it is necessary for all to keep the traffic rules in mind and obey them strictly.
When we crosse the street, we should take the pedestrian overpass.
Someone who is riding a bicycle or e-bike, keep riding on the right side of the road.
Stop when the red light is on and wait until the green light .
If everyone obeys the traffic rules, it will be much safer to walk or ride on the road.
It is known to us all that some students cheat in examintions in school.
There are several reasons that students do this.
First, there are many exams in the school.
and the exams are quite difficult.
Secondly, some students are lazy, they don't study hard.
Thirdly, in order to make their parents happily, they also cheats in exams.
In my opinion, cheat in exams are bad, it is against the rules of the school.
as a sutendent, we should be honesty and work hard.
I also think, as long as we study hard, we can let our parents happy.
In recent years , there is a growing tendency for people to look at e-books instead of traditional books .
One of the questions under debate is whether the e-book is better than traditional book .
This issue has become a matter of concern for more and more people , especially for students.
Those who are favor of e-books argue that e-book is much more convenient , take it for example , the e-book can also be used as a MP3 player and dictionary .
As a result ,we can just put it in our pocket and read it every moment when we are unbusy .
Also , e-book is free costly .
If we want to read a book , we can just surf the internet , download it into the e-book freely and read it instead of going to the bookstore to buy one .
On the other hand , others who strongly recommand tradional books point out that traditional book is good for our eyesight , which has become the commen disadvantage of nowadays chidren .
Again , it is convenient for us to take notes and underline important knowledge points during the study .
Aside from , people who read a traditional book can have a better touch with the culture.
Weighing the pros and cos of e-book and traditional book , I am inclined to the traditional book .
For one thing , not every one , especially for students , can afford to buy a e-book .
Also , e-book need to be charged and when we are out for a long time , we cannot read it .
For another , reading a e-book for long time can hurt our eyes.
Some people would rather to be a leader than a follower but others like ti be a follower.
From my point of view, a soldier that who does not want to be a captain is not a good soldier so I agree with it is better to be a leader.
There are many positive aspects for us to be a leader.
First, it can liberate your thought.
If we are followers what we always do is following others and obeying what leaders said.
But leaders must think about new ideas and have their own opinion.
It is a good way to exercise our brain and prevent ourselves from behind of society.
On the other hand, it can give us more chance than others so that we can build up great posonalities.
A leader must be responsible to others only in this way can he get people's faith.
To be a leader can also help us broaden our social network.
Finally, to be a leader can earn more money than others, we can have a good life quality.
Based on the points discussed above, it is obvious that it is better to be the leader of a group than to be a member.
Being a leader brings totally different experience about life so I insist to be a leader.
I assume that you are familiar with the phenomenon of "Excessive Packaging".
Taking a look around,we can find examples with ease:a small computer is packed in a thick and heavycarton,clothes are putted in a well-designed plastic bagsand moon-cakes are usually placed in delicate boxes.
On the one hand, to earn more economic gains, a considerable number of manufactures usually wrap their products with unnecessary but appealing materials aiming at attracting customer's attention , arousing their curiosity and then stimulating their purchasing desire.
On the other hand, quite a few customers believe that the more delicate the package seems,the superior the quality will be,the notion has also encouraged the trend of excessive packaging.
To change this situation, I think we should take the following measures.
First, laws must be made and implemented to impose restriction onexcessive packaging.
Moreover, a public education campaign should be launched to arouse customers' consciousness that packaging doesn't equal to quality.
Only in this way can we put an end to this trend.
I hope you are doing well.
We learn with pleasure from www.Cantonfair.com that your company sells scarf,which is attractive.We compare you with other companies.We choose your product due to the high quality and eco-friendly dyes.
We would appreciate it if you send us the unit price, payment terms, delivery time and package.
In addition, we need a large quantity at more attractive prices.
We are looking forward to your early reply.
Nowadays,after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I'd like to introduce some details about the after-school activities .I take part in club activities where students get together to do some interesting things .Besides ,I always play football with my friend,Tom,for I believe that doing exercise is a good way to improve our health .In addition,I 'll see an English movie when I feel tired .Being relaxed ,I gain knowledge from the movie.
I have some suggestions to students.Taking part in after-school activities is an interested, useful thing ,which make you relaxed .So it's important for you to choose activities which interest you and suit you .
The college is a beautiful place in my imagination.
There are many knowledgeable people,this is the place where dreams begin.However,now the college is different.
Now college students are always late, leave early, and even truancy phenomenon.
Students don't care about this question, because it become their habits.
That's too bad.
At the college, students very important in class on time.
Not only is related to student achievement, for students to improve own quality is also very important.
And impact on the reputation of the school.
So, as far as I'm concerned, I think that college students should go to each class seriously, this is not only to improve own quality, also is a kind of respect to teacher.
In people's life, if there is no tolerance, just as there are no street lights in the night, like, you can not illuminate the road ahead.
Living in today's increasingly competitive society, the number of man-made money for the right to make a number of wicked things.
It seems to have a broad mind, an open mind, not only saved countless lives can be faced with a disaster, but will restore a dirty, muddy muddy evil evil society had a beautiful face.
If you have an open heart, an open mind, then you will have an ocean timber, a boundless sky.
In China, it is essential to take a gift during home visiting, but it's not so complicated.
For the most part, flowers and ordinary fruits is enough.
Whether the master likes to drink or not,you must be acquainted with that in advance.
At lunch time, the host will try their best to let you eat or drink.
If you don't want to let them down, you can according to you own condition to eat some more.
In the event that you really have dined and wined already, and you'd better decline directly, otherwise the hospitable host will continue to add food in you bowl.
My favorite place at school is the reading room because it is very big and bright.There are also a lot of useful books newspapers and magazines there.
I like reading books and magazines there because they not only povide me with much knowledge,but also helps me learn a lot about what has happening around the world.Sometimes i even feel i can have a talk with the people in the books.I can also relax myself in the reading room and the reading can help me forget all my troubles.
It is on account of development of global economy that there are more and more problems in our society.
If the ET come to our earth, I will press some problems on our temporary planet.
The first problem is environment, because we all live on the land.
These decades have seen the global environment going wrong.
Not until the growing natural disaster have happened can the people realize the importance of environment.
That the environment of ET's planet has been the wilderness is why they come to earth.
If not, they may improve our environment on a large scale.
The second problem is technology.
The rank of the countries depends on their science.
Now that the ET can come to the earth by their invented saucers from their far planet, their technology must be advanced.
We can take in their technology to get research.
On balance, once the ET want to be in harmony with us rather than aggressing our planet.
We can find methods to solve the serious problems.
Nowadays,more and more programmes present to TV.Nonetheless my most favorite TV program is CCTV5.So I introduce the program to you.
As everyone knows,this program reports some news about sports, including basketball,swimming, running and so on.The programme is official,and the reports are more accurate than other programmes'.Why I love it?In reality,I love exercise extremely much.My favorite sport is basketball.I frequently watch basketball games.CCTV5 reports in a timely manner and quickly.
Interpretation is also professional,frequently let me immerse in it.In reality,the programme to meet the needs of us.So I introduce you to the programme.
Otherwise,I feel that the programme can take many happiness to me,and it let me realize sports are important in my life.
Nowadays,a considerable number of school education focus on the education of the students' abilities to study.However,more and more people realize that to build a harmonious society not only needs graduates who have professional skills,but also needs the youth with noble character.Therefore,schools should pay close attention to develope the character education of the students,such as filial piety and honesty.
Character education is important to the students' growth.It helps students to get along well with others.It develops the students'qualities of honesty,generosity,gratefulness and so on.And,it improves the students' efficiency in study and work.What's more,it cultivates the students' sense of responsibility to their family and country.From this,it can be seen that character education also has a close relation to the development of our country.To sum up,schools must pay attention to the students' character education.
My mother takes care of me all the time,she is around me when I need help.Unlike my father,who is so severe and dusy,my mother is very kind,when I make mistakes,she will not angry,she tells me to take care of these mistakes and should not make them next time.I am so thankful to thankful to my mother,shesacrices so many things for me.
As is shown in the cartoon, there are two people.
One laying on the bed, next to a computer, there are also put a notebook and a mobile phone.
He ready to shows 5 yuan to the man who hand with a bowl of food.
Perhaps, this is the image of the Humble Abode Gens.
What the cartoon reflects is a common phenomenon in China, especially the young people just graduated in the city.
Generally, the humble abode gens are stranger.
They looked forward to the nice city life before they come to the city.
The colorful nightlife, magnificent buildings and developed traffic.
They even think, where the more people, the more opportunity.
So they choose to stay in the developed city absolutely.
But the actual is not like they longing.
On the one hand, they have to face all aspects of the pressure to survive.
Such as the employment pressure, promotion pressure and the pressure of the family.
On the other hand, in order to save much money, they have to economise whether eat, live or line.
Just eat fast food, live in the garage, go by the bus.
What is more,the Humble Abode Gens should pay more efforts than oppidans.
Be that as it may, they always reject by oppidans.
As far as I am concerned, the Humble Abode largely thanks to the hight prices.
We aspire the relevant government department will protect the benefit of most people.
As a citizen, had better to care more about the Humble Abode Gens who made contribution for the city.
The Humble Abode Gens do not be too crazy.
Must be clear realize that health is the source of revolution.
As society develops, there appears a widespread concern over the real-name train ticket.
People have a different attitude to it .So let's discuss the advantage and disadvantage of the real-name train ticket.
With the advancement of the awareness of personal information safety, a large number of people are strongly apposed to the real-name ticket.
They think that the underdeveloped railway system remains to be reinforced .
What's more, the train ticket may let out passengers' individual message.
However, some people don't think so .
They think the action can ease ticket scarcity .
In addition , it can stop ticket scalper from conspiring with railway staff members.
Confronted with the problem , I support the real-name train ticket .
We mustn't go to railway station for ticket any more .
It is convenient for us .
Of course , it is necessary to strengthen the system so that our information wouldn't be stolen .
Reading, it's a beautiful thing, is the basis on the practice.
Compared with practice, it's one of the most important.
"If you well, is sunny"is written by Bailuomei.
The book tells the story of a legendary woman, Linhuiyin.
She is the first generation of female architect in China, a generation of talented women.
Design of participants is the national emblem of the people's Republic of China.
She is knowledgeable, generous enthusiasm, noble personality charm and twists and felling she added a mystery.
Her efforts to life, the pursuit of knowledge and persistent attitude infected with me.
She makes me understand learning, attitude is everything.
Also, she maks me understand started learning, began to want to let oneself become full, have the courage to pursue their dreams.
The book is the real book and a good book.
I hope it can accompany my life.
There arises a problem that a child should not cry but be a "big boy".However,a child is just a child,how could we urge them to grow up quickly?What children need is our patience.What's more,time is the only thing that can make them become mature.
You are crying because your parents don't buy the toy that you are addicted to.But your parents tell you that a child should not cry but be a "big boy".So what will you think at that moment?Will you stop crying right at once or just ignore it?Image that you are in the scenario and then you'll find the answer.
For a growing number of people,to use e-book whenever it is necessary.E-book becomes a modern thing in people's life.From stuides to works to lives,e-book act as proof that the users of it are wise and make a good choice.
Admittedly,e-book has its own advantages.As a high-tech product,e-book makes it convenient for people.People no longer need to consult a trail of books and only need to have an e-book.Enter the contect you need and you will get the answer in a few times.Undoubtedly,it can save our time and money.People don't have a necessity to go to a physical bookstore and spend money purchasing.Moreover,the e-book is environmental because it may reduce the use of pappers,which means fewer trees won't be cut down.
However,there are shortcomings with e-book.Internet is a public place and thousands of people use it.People don't have their own pivarcy because what they do would be seen by others.Sometimes,the e-book isn't versatile,people can't find what they need.
In my view,e-book will be necessary in the future.The society is developing and high-tech product will be popular.
an unnecessary thing.
Many university students have never said "Thank You" to their parents.
Their parents have done all they could to bring them up in the past years, but have never been rewarded.
They think it's parents' duty to support them.
And it's not necessary to express appreciation to their parents.
However, many students are aware of parents' love but are not accustomed to saying "Thank You".
Some even find a generation gap between themselves and their parents, thus they didn't want to express their affection for their parents.
As far as I'm concerned, we should express our thankfulness to our parents, such as respect them, love them and take care of them.
And we should do all we can do to reward them.
For many people, the newspaper has become the main source of daily news.
Among the two mass newspaper and Internet I prefer to surf on the Internet.
My statement that Internet is a better source of news is based on the following three reasons.
The first reason is that Internet can report news more quickly, we can get the news at the same time when something is happening or immediately after something happened.
while newspaper can only offer the news that happened a day or two days ago.
The second reason is that Internet can report news vividly and impressively.
With sounds and pictures on the Internet, we can be deeply impressed by the news as if we were personally on the spot.
But when we thy to get news from the newspaper, we have to concentrate our mind on the lines and use our imaginations to form a concrete image, which is always tiresome and time-consuming.
The third reason is that Tnternet is very environmental.
While newspaper is quitely waste, because we need to cut down lots of trees and turn them into paper, finally make newspaper.
This damage the ecological system.
According to the above mentioned reasons, we can easily draw a conclusion that Internet is really a better source of news.
My school is a common school.but is very big.
We have a big playground,And, a basketball court.
The two floor, 8 classroom,and two art room.
There are 10 classrooms in our third floor,and one Science Classroom.
There are 8 classroom in our four floor,and A chess club ,alsoA computer room.
Oh.
For us there are many office.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.She is twenty years old,and she looks very nice.She is quite tall,with big eyes and short hair,and she wears glasses.She always wears dresses.She is always friendly to us, and she is very kind.Her all students love her very much.She likes singing and dancing.I love she,because she teaches very well and she is very pretty.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Attention please.
I'd like to introduce to you the one-day tour for the coming Saturday.
Firstly, this trip includes some of the famous places in Beijing, such as the Forbidden City, the Temple of heaven and the Summer palace.
These were the living palace for Chinese emperor or the place where Chinese emperor showed respect to their ancestor.
And then I will tell you our route in details.
In the morning, we will leave at the school gate at 8.
Our school bus will wait for us there.
At about 12, we will have lunch at a traditional restaurant so we can eat food such as Beijing duck.
At 5:30 in the afternoon, we will be back at the school gate.
Since it might be cold in the morning, I suggest you to bring a coat with you.
You can also bring your camera because Beijing is really a beautiful city.
You can take some photos and tell your friends about Beijing when you come back home.
What's more, your fee of this tour including transportation and all the tickets will be $70.
So remember to hand the money to your guidance in the morning.
Playground is my favourite place at the school.
Our playground is not only big but also clean.
I often play football with my friends after school.
Playground is very important for me because when I feel unhappy,it is the best place to go.
I learn many sports on school.
When I play football on the playground,I feel happy very much.
It is important for me.
Recently, parents help children to be independent has aroused widely concern.
When talking about why parents help children to be independent,quite a few some people believe that most parents want to meet the children's requirement,and they willing to do anything for the children,so the children like to do everything ask their parents to help.In accordance with the situation,the children will not dependent.But other people think differently,they think the children independent because themselves have serious independent to their parents.
As far as I am concerned,I think, in order to the children dependent,parents should to give the children enough freedom.So they can do everything by themselves,rather than ask parents to help,and children live on campus can make them dependent,and they also can adapt themselves to the college life.
Sometimes I think,if i have some pocket money, not much,how should i spend it?Every time, when I thought this,I do not know how to spend it.After a long long time,I start to knowing how to manage my pocket money,so I made a plan about how to spend my pocket money.
First ,I will spend it on the things I need,such as like clothes and food,these almost cost 150 yuan.And I have 50 yuan left,it can use for my bills.I think this is a proper plan.
in case they have any situation or problem.
improtant,but you must'n give students too much pressure with it.
The Dragon Boat Festival ,also referred to as the Duanwu Festival,is an annual holiday falling on fifth day of the fifth month in chinese lunar calender every year.As the saying goes,it is to commemorate the death of Qu Yuan,which was a great poet in the Chu Dynasty.
In the Dragon Boat Festival,we have many funny activities to spend the holiday.The most important activity is the Dragon Boat race,which gives the name of this festival.The game needs boats and people as many as possible.Then this boats compete for number one.The aim of the game is to trial cooperation and teamwork between members.
The Dragon Boat race attracts many people all around the country to visit every year.Besides,the Dragon Boat Festival has other traditional cutoms like eating Chinese rice-pudding,drinking realgar wine,wearing a sachet,tying five colored rings and so on.
As the rapid development of social modernization ,the Chinese traditional festival activities are becoming gradually disappeard.Many people just regard this traditional festivals as holidays.They prefer to stay at home rather than go out.As far as I am concerned,we should promote Chinese cultrual and not forget the traditional activities.In this way, we can play a decisive role in the whole world.
Point:I met my new english writing teacher on friday,and I also enjoy her class.
Support1:First of all,she showed us some ppt to teach us how to write an essay with logical,the basic writing is we knows the support and point of your essay.We should have own statement and make details perfect.
Support2:The second is I learned a new writing method I had never learned before,I thought this method is very useful for effective writing.
The Spring Festival is very important for all of Chinese.Because it is the beginning of the new year.It will bring good luck to us.
Before the Spring Festival,people should prepare for it.For example,we will paste couplet and buy some food to eat.So the Spring Festvial is also very interesting for children.
And during the Spring Festival,people are very happy to set off firecrackers.It means good fortune.At the first day of the Spring Festival,people eat dumpling with the rules and noodles for the second day.
Now,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
Our school is very big.There are a lot of rooms in it.There is a reading room , a library and six of the classrooms on the first floor.
There is artroom and nine of the clesrooms on the second floor.
There is a laboratory ang the the classrooms on the third floor.
There is a music room, a chess clubroom, two computer rooms and eight of the classrooms on the forth floor.
We like our school .
Churchill is a famous speaker in the 20th century who won the Nobel literary prize.
This speech was written for fight against the Nazi when German invaded the Soviet Union which appealed to work together to against Hitler.
The speech is full of passion.
Through the whole passage the view is clear, and logically.
Meanwhile, the words have strong strength and influence the audience accept his idea and put into action.
First of all, Churchill clearly claimed his political views.
Churchill had been an opponent of communism for the last 25 years.
He treated the Soviet Union as the enemy in the past.
However, when confronted the Nazi regime and the earth was under the shadow of Hitler, the anti-Nazi should be together and it was not possible to beat Hitler only by British nation.
Second, Churchill used a lot of rhetoric in the speech, such as simile, metaphor, repeat, alliteration and so on which are the most exciting and attractive.
For example: "crafty", "clanking dull", "drilled", "docile", "brutish", "villainous", "blood-lust", and "swam of crawling locusts".
These words described the hideous pictures of the war.
Meanwhile, Churchill also wrote about hard- worked men and the women who prayed to peace.
These could stir the hatred of war.
We can still feel the persuasive power and the strong emotion after reading the speech.
We are also deeply impressed by the skillful use of language and the excellent talent of the speech.
Nowadays,because of the fast development of society, there are a great many of dishonest behaves, which has aroused public attention.
Take many hospitals for example,they sell unnecessary but expensive medicines to their patients in order to get more money.
It is undoubtedful that dishonesty can support us to get much money.But if we think twice after then, we might find that there will be less and less money you can earn.More dishonest things we do, more treasure could dispear from our side.
To be fankly, being honest may not only be beneficial to others,but also ourseves.When we do business with others with a heart of honesty,althongh we may not earn a lot,we will obtain trust from others,which might be the most precious treasure we have got.Meanswhile, a sense of honest builds up in others heart,which ,in turn,will earn you true friendship.
With the developing of the ages.
My parents and We have different values and beliefs.As a result of them very fear.One day,I am watching TV,the TV program is very fascinating.So I don't doing ever-ything.However, My father ask me .I don't make a voice.So father turn down it.I am not happy.and My father very angry.We are have a quarrel.I hope My parents who should give me many time.I think it my fault and say sorry for father.I believe it very common .
In this summer vacation.
I'm eager to the Xi'an.
Therefore,my mother took me by plane to the Xi'an.
Soon,I arrived in Xi'an.
There is hotter than Beijing.
It's like to ancient city.
I enjoy it much.
My primary school pupil in Xi'an Qu jiang new district,we decided to went there put up a guest for the night.
Of course,I'm so delightfulness,because I hadn't seen him for a long time.
Next day,we continued visited,include Da yan pagota,Qu jiang,Xiao zhai.
Must say,Xi'an is a true resort.Oh!
I almost forgot.
With an increasing number of only children in china, parents want to give their children all the love.
They call their children 'baby' even their children are adults.
As their children were bored, parents became servants for their children.
They never let their children do the housework even something are very easy.
When their children go out, they act a bodyguard; never let them be close to the dangerous places, they company their children all the time.
When their children go to school, they want to give their children the best education; they are always worried about their grades.
When their children make mistakes, they always seek excuses for their children.
This situation is more remarkable in china.
Chinese parents tend to dote on their children because each family is allowed to have only one kid due to birth control.
They place too much hope on the treasured child that if he wants the star, they might even climb to pick it.
For self-centered, the spoiled children depend on their parents for everything.
In a word, they just want to give their children all the love they can.
But in my opinion, parents should have certain reservation in giving their love to their children.
Not only make the children feel parents' love, it also let the parents have stateliness.
If parents don't have certain reservation in giving their love to their children, then they will hope their children do everything for them.
That won't make them stand on their own feet.
While modern society appears more and more incidents like 'my father is LiGang'.
Since children are going to be the future of our society, it is important to train them to develop a sense of independence as well as responsibility rather than laziness.
Parents should realize the seriousness of this problem soon and start to take actions to rescue their children.
This need parents should have certain reservation in giving love to their children.
Parents need to give some requirements to their children.
Sometimes, the strict request to the children is necessary.
Otherwise, our society will eventually move towards a direction that everyone doesn't want to face.
With the development of society, more and more people know knowledge will get through read good book and practice.
In this modern, some people think we can learn lots of knowledge best wey is through practice.
However, I think our knowledge not only get through read a good book, but also practice is very important.
Sometime, we can study lot when we are reading a good book, and this knowledge is without in practice.
Such as our ancient culture, animalcule and so on.
On the contrary, we can put into practice with our mood.
We all can study lot when you want to learn and to do something.
On the one hand, a good book can help you grow up.
For example, we could learn character at the back of read this book.
Of course, if we have lots of spare time, you will learn still more.
On the other hand, it isn't enough when you only look at a good book.
We only can imagine the follow this book's content, and without a good memory.
But if we are going to practice, we will have deep memory so learning that knowledge still more.
So the practice will occupy an important position.
As far as I am concerned, I think we can combine through read a good book and take part in practice on the appropriate time.Finlly,if you positive to do something, you will learn more about it.
I have just bought a exquisite birthday persent for my sister on an attractive gift website and I can't wait to share my experience with you.
decorated with my sister's name, her date of birth,some best wishes and a picture of our favorite cartoon cat.
What's more,sending a gift provides me a channel through which we can strengthen communication, enhance understanding,eliminate the generation gap.
Besides, I am extremely satisfied with Alipay Security Control, which is very convenient and safe.
is the delivery service.
It's beyond my expectations that I could receive the mug within two days.There is no denying that plenty of time can be saved andvarious needs can be satisfied.
I hope you can try shopping online and I'm convinced that you will be addicted to it.
I'm looking forward to your early reply.
What is universally acknowledged is that our fantastic world is made up of a great variety of colors.
Surely, most of the things, if not all, take on their own colors.
However, with increasingly fierce competition, nowadays, a growing number of people have no alternative but to quicken up their pace of life, which causes the phenomenon that fewer and fewer people take trouble in appreciating the beauty of life, let alone thinking of the topic on color of love.
Well, opinions vary from individual to individual, when it comes to the color of love.
Personally speaking, I deem that the color of love should be yellow.
Of course, several reasons can back up my viewpoint.
First, the color of yellow makes people feel warm, which is similar to love.
What's more, love and the color of yellow are both gentle.
Last but not least, the color of yellow stands for peace and so does love.
Given the reasons outlined above, I maintain that the color of love should be nothing but yellow.
I know today you have a very important speech contest I am also very happy you invited me to watch.
I'm very happy.
But I can't go because I home something must I go back to a time nervous because I can't to say goodbye to you when I'm sorry I hope you can forgive me.
I have a lot of birthday present.But my favorite present is change to go to out to play.
Because these place is very beautiful.There are a lot of fun.There is a park.There is a ferris wheel.There is a pirate ship.There is a roller coaster.There are many doesn't know by name.
I play a lot.I'm very happy.So,I like these present.
When I have my own consciousness,I recognized the first person I know was neither my mother nor father,but my dear grandmother.She just likes a sort of sunshine which warms my heart all of my whole life.She encouraged me,supported me and built me great bravery of facing difficulties.She is in my heart forever.
I was born in a poor family,and I lived with my father and grandmother.At the meantime,I am a sickly girl.Nonetheless no matter how hard it is, grandmother can always brought me some snacks as if by magic.That made me feel extremely happy when I was in hospital.And she was just sat beside me and look at me with a satisfied smile.A few years later,it's time for senior high school.I still remember that I told my complaint and grievance of my vain diligence and cried to her.She just asked me to work hard,and never give up.Afterwards,I know from father that she was fully worry about me and cried stealthily after answered my phone.
Now,even if she cannot sit beside me anymore,she is kept in my heart deeply.Love is exactly the rainbow in my eyes which gives me power no matter sunny or rainy it is.
I am vevy happy to introduce my beautiful hometown.
My hometown is located in north~east AhHui.There are a lot of advertages and benefit in the city~MaAnShan.
For example:Firstly,the environment is suit for people live.Secondly,the sight is very beautiful because of it has lots of lakes and waters.Last but not least,MaAnShan is famous for a kind of aron.Lastly,my hometown's people is very kindly and generous.
In a word,my hometown is wonderful.
Welcome you to my hometown.
Nowaday Environmental protection is more and more important.Now human to its own interesrs ,tortured the earth mother's eyes out.there id onlu one earth,and the earth is facing serious environmental crisism"save the earth at once"has become the world the strongest question of the people.the people is in dangerous now.people use more and more chemicals,water and soil polution is more and more serious.so we are protect the environment at once.the government encourages people to low carbon life.I think enbironmental protection should start from the baby.if we all have to protect the environment from ourself at once,we can change our future.
If I have the opportunity to talk with extraterrestrial I would probably talk about global warming,crisis on natural resources.
Society developing,the phenomenon of global warming which is caused by greenhouse gases such as dioxide carbon is graver and graver.And the sea level rises year by year,so we should put the problem into the first place.We can ask for their advice on it.
Aside from global warming,another problem we should solve is the discreasing of natural resources.The population of human growing with a large margin we need more natural resources is limitted.It is significant to ask them about some new resources which are virgin on the earth.
In order to achieve sustainable development,we should come to arouse public awareness of protecting our environment.
Now, more and more people are driving cars.
At the same time, the number of traffic accidents is increasing.
There are some ways to protect your safety.
First, if you drink alcohol, you'd better not drive.
If you drink alcohol, your mind will be not clear.
This often causes a car accident.
Second, don't drive when you feel tired.
It's bad for you to drive.
Because when you are driving, you may want to sleep.
And you can't stop the car in time.
Third, you are not allowed to use phones when you are driving.
It can make you pay less attention to driving, and then you will hit the car and cause traffic accident.
Fourth, when you see people are walking, you should slow down.
Especially the place of many persons, you should drive slowly.
In order to protect you and others from traffic accidents, you should listen to these suggestions.
However,with the increase of age,the understanding of reading gradually improve.Learning not only to read,but also to learn to practice.
In ancient times,Sun Quan advised Lu Mong to read,then,Lu Mong will have after three days,sit up and take notice.This is an example of reading important books.In Chinese history,such stories abound.
Also appeared some idiots.So learning to learn well,cannot read or die.Deng Xiaoping proposed,practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.I agree.As people thonght.Practice from first-hand and concrete experiences,using our senses,exploring our environment of people,things,places and events.
You can see,I think practice is a good learning method.
Nowadays, English is becoming widely popular.
In China, all most children study English after five years old.
In my mind, whether Chinese writing or English writing, the main idea is a soul of the article.
When we study a language,it's important to write what we want and express our idea clearly.
So the better writing skill we have, the better communication we possess.
How to communicate better that asks us to learn English writing.
Whatever the English we said fluently, writing is basic skill for us.
However, it's also one of basic skills for an internationalized talent.
As a second language, English is often necessary for official business, education, information and other activities in many countries, it is one of the few "working "languages of the United Nations.
As we know, looking for a satisfactory job is a big problem for graduate.
So English writing is a means of self-marketing in today's fierce competition.
In a word, by learning English writing we can enlarge our mental horizons and increase our knowledge that understanding the different person, a different lifestyle and then convenient to communicate with other.
My name is X.I'm from F, D.I'm the only child in my family.My grandfather and grandmother is very kind to me.I love them very much.
I love listening to some light music,reading books and doing some sports like badminton and volleyball.Sometimes I like going to KTV with my friends,and we will have an unforgettable time there!
After entering college,I felt very confused.I have no idea how to realize my dream.But my family gives me great courage and tells me that I should face difficulties bravely.
The most important thing is that they support me.So I will try my best to make up my mind to study hard.I believe that I can create my wonderful life.If you think the word is beautiful that the world is beautiful,if you think the world is dark that the world is dark.In my opinion,we will face many challenges at the college,only when we strengthen our conviction,can we lead a wonderful life!
I still can remember that when I was very young my mother and my father was very busy and I was brought up by my grandparents.In my memory , there is a small river near my grandparent's house,at that time the sky was light blue as well as the water in the river .when it is sunny outside my grandfather always take me to the riverbank for a walk.In the summer ,many people swim in the river and some of them can always catch fishes or freshwater mussels.
Then ,all looked good because of the harmonious between human beings and nature.
But ,Decades years has gone ,our deforestation has already destroyed a large quantities of trees and accelerate the speed of soil erosion.With the development of industry ,three industrial wastes has become more and more serious .Several tens of years' pollution ,we can hardly see a river so clear that we can see the bottom ,what's more,a number of aquatic products are suffering with catastrophe.Green has been replaced by grey.
From my point of view,It is high time that we should do something to save our earth as well as ourselves .Be faced with exhaustible,population growth sandstorm and so on .we must wake up!Ignorance is not the excuse ,actions are needed!
My favourite animal is a giraffe.
Its name is Didi.
It is the tallest animal on land.
It has three colours on its body.
They are yellow, white and brown.
It has one pair of big eyes,a short tail,two small ears and a long neck.
It lives in the jungle.
It can run very fast.
It eats branches and leaves.
It is beautiful and looks very cute.
Drinking water in the river is very hard for giraffes.
It looks funny when it's drinking.
It is friendly to us.
I like Didi very much.
I have studied at the college for a year,during this year I went through many different things that I have never met in middle school.From these things,I got many useful experiences.We as college students are going to work soon,so to apply to society,what we have got,experience,ability,knowledge and whatever.In my opinion,compared with school,the social environment is not only complicated,but cruel,we as a freshman, have great pressures on job,houses and family.
Some college students choose graduate school when they finish their senior year.But as for me I prefer to find a job rather than go on studying,because it will cost more money,and the same problem is we still have to face many difficulties when we find the job.Some students' reasons that they choose to go on studying are they just want to escape reality.But when they graduate,will they still study at school.
Social is a place that we can never avoid,students have studied at school for many years.
They should take responsibility for what their parents have done.The job stays there,I think,it's waiting for us to get it,so lazy men,it's time to go and occupy it.
The more anxious you are, the dizzier you will be.
Besides, you may also be lacking in strength or have a bad appetite.
Because of the anxiety, it is possible that you can't fall asleep easily.
In order to exert a normal level in the exam, we had better follow the usual daily routine , which will lead to a good status.
In addition, it is of vital significance to make a proper plan of reviewing.
A warm shower before sleeping and a cup of milk will contribute to relax your mind.
In my opinion ,the most useful way to avoid being anxious is to lay a solid foundation at usual time, helping you to be enough confident.
and being a teacher in a primary school impressed me most and opened my eyes.
Before I went to school.
I collected some information about the school and interests of the children under-fifteens.
I made a good preparation for this activity, such as how to communicate with them, how to appeal to their attention.
As you know, being a teacher, you must be outgoing, easy going and active, maybe the most crucial thing is that you should be equipped with the ability to express your meaning and your ideas clearly.
While, the fact is that most of the students showed no interests in my class and they talked with each other, played games or even stood up and joked with me.
I really don't know what to do when I saw these innocent children.
I didn't want to lose my temper but they made me extremely unhappy.
So I asked others for help, they told me "You must be strict with them, when they don't listen to your class, you must pretend very angry and they will be afraid for you.
When they are afraid for you, they will listen to your class carefully, "But I didn't want to do these, I just want them to learn from the heart.
While, they never know what I thought, I should remember that they are children, even though I still played games with them.
In fact, they are very intelligent, when I asked the girl of 4 years old, who she wanted to be when she grew up, the answer she gave me pleased me very much.
She said "when grow up, if I still be a girl I will be a teacher, but if I am a boy I will be a policeman.
Several days later, I were popular with them and from their eyes I knew they had a keen desire for knowledge, I'll never forget this experience.
In today's world,most of the people want to be beautiful.Some people even sacrifice their health to aspire to be beautiful,such as losing weight excessively in order to look more slim.The result of doing this is only to have an unhealthy body.
What's more serious is that you're possibly to dislike eating food.It's not sensible to do it.Beauty can be seen as two parts,one is external,the other is inherent.In my opinion,inherent beauty is the most important.Only a person is kind and have a warm heart will he be seemed as the real beauty.
Health is the most valuable thing that you must take care of.If you haven't got a good health,you can do nothing.
Generally speaking,it's not worth sacrificing your health for beauty.Of course, I won't do it!
This monday,I watched the movie of those people who suffered from AIDS,I felt very sympathetic about their suffering,and I wanted to help them,but I could't.
In the movie,when the reporter asked the kid who also suffered from AIDS what would he like,he answered:"I wanted a pair of shoes.Didn't toies,didn"t foods,only a pair of shoes,this wish for us is very simple,but for him is difficult.why he wanted a pair of shoes?Because his foots was cold.At that time,I cried.I felt very sad.
So,we should cherish our life and as much as possible to help others who need help.
We all know a truth that everything needs balance, if not, there may be out of order.
But I do think it is difficult for us to balance our love.
For example, many people pay more attention to the younger generation than the elderly.
It goes without saying that this phenomenon will cause a thing that maybe some needed-helping elderly are short of attention.
Such as many alone-living or disable elderly can not earn by themselves.
In my opinion, we have to take some effective measures, beside our government should set up some system for the elderly.
In addition, children should try to think their parents in their position, which is same as the parents.
I'm a college student now.
I look forward to life of the college very much.
Someone says college life is relaxed for me.
We can literally play,even don't study.
I think it is worry that we should spend a meaningful college life.
It is that we spend every day happily.
We have a full college life.
First we should get up early.
Don't be lazy, hard to study and look to more books.
Then we also need to exercise such as playing basketball, jogging and so on.Finally we need to keep a good mood to participate in activities.
I will spend wonderful university life if I can do these.
This is my school, this is beautiful and big.There are four fioors and a play ground.
There are some teacher rooms in the first floor.There are a lot of class rooms.There is a library in first floor,too.
There are some teacher rooms in the second floor .There are a lot of class rooms.There is an art room in second floor,too.
There are some teacher rooms in the third floor.There are a lot of class rooms.There is a lab room in third fioor,too.
There are some teacher rooms in the forth floor.There are a lot of class rooms.There is a dance room in forth floor,too.
One evening,actually earlier than evening,the sun began to sink.After a while,it was getting darker and darker.My mother and I was taking a walk after dinner in the park.We talked all the way and soon we came to a long stair.We had to walk down the stairs because it was the only way to go back home,It was so dark that we had to be very careful.
"It's too dark to see anything.
"My mom stopped the previous topic we talked "You should be careful ".
"I know "I answered.It took us a long time to move a few steps.Suddenly,mom stopped.In the dark,I felt that she caught me,firstly on my arm, and then on my wrist.It seemed that she fumbled for a long time to hold me.I still remembered it was cold that day.The moment she hold my hands I became warm at once.It was an episode.Mom continued to say:"I shall hold your hands whenever you want.
"I was totally astonished and moved.A lot of memories called to my mind.When I was a little girl,mom just held my hand and sent me to school like this.Now, I have grown to a lady,but I am the still the little girl in mom's heart who needed her protection.
When the first time I knew my internship in Yunnan, I am excited and nervous, and wait for a bit.
Because this is the first time to go to the grass-roots units to learn.
My internship location is the Yunnan province Daluo border checkpoints.
My classmates and I took the train to Yunnan, it took two days.
So my intership life began in July 21.
Just to play Daluo was attracted by the unique tropical scenery and the local customs.
Daluo is the Dai inhabited land.
The person responsible for the intership put us in the frontier inspection station monitoring squadron.
The soldiers help us tidying up the bedroom and introduction environment.
But I am a little nervous.
They call me the platoon.
But I feel very embarrassed.
So I always ask them to monitor.
The second day on the border of the comrades in the border to catch the three people who are smuggling.
I and a soldier will perform the monitoring task.
From him, I understand the importance of the monitoring.
After two weeks I spent in the guard and cleaning.
The guard is very hard.
Because I am not only to wear a bulletproof vest and bulletproof helmet but also to carefully record the access to the vehicle.
One day, the squadron captain took me for a time to catch up.
We are hiding in the corner.
There are a few people from Burma who are secretly crossing the border.
We have a fine and education for them.
More than a month of practice time was ended.
I learned a lot of useful things.
The most important is friendship.
I believe that the experience of the internship will give me valuable experience in the life of the army in the future.
Nowdays,wasting is become very serious phenomenon,so more and more people have realized that creating a conservation-oriented campus is important to us.
The reasons are as follows.First,the bad habits have made us waste a lot of things.For example,we thrown paper anyway.Second,we had a bad environment in our campus.The environment problems need us to creating a conservation-oriented campus.Third,the energy crisis is a global problem around us.We must do something for this.
In my point of views,improving the attention about creating a conservation-oriented is the radical way.Then,we call for more and more people to take a party in.
Creating a conversation-oriented campus is a long and tough task to complete.We should take our efforts to do it better.Only in this way can we create a better campus.
My parents are going to have a meeting in Beijing.
Nonetheless I can't go with them because I can't miss a couple of weeks of school.
Nonetheless I feel happy.
Because they managed everything for and always ordered me to turn off the TV,stop eating snacks on the sofa,tidy up the room and so on,although they love me.
I could have some fun happily until midnight.
However,I woke up late the next morning and empty stomach.
I try to cook but I burnt it.I miss my parents very much.
When I was young,my parents and teachers often asked me the same question:what's your ambition?In addition,write compositions on my dream.I was never aware of the importance of the dream,and never thought about that question why we must have a dream.but with age from age,I relieved.
For example, a seedling grows up to a tree need some bottommost,such as oil,water,nutrition and so on.
As we are seedlings,a dream can give us something that we need.
Of course,the dream just is an abstract concept.It can't give us anything we can touch to.
However it takes us belief.Dream,the soul of life,shows the energy and power of life.
What's more,if we have a dream,we can set series of goals to achieve step by step.When we communicate with others,we will be proud of ourselves because of our own ambition.
No one wants to be a loser.On the contrary everyone does their best to get a superior life.Day after day,they become striver and striver,certainly,there life are more and more colorful.
As far as I am concerned,the human differ from animals in thinking.Sometimes we are in a tight corner,and despair of life.thinking about our dream we are filled with energy and confidence.
Quietly the dream into the sky, listened to the world of passion, dew fragrance transmission, which carries away the fatigue of the city to bid farewell to a sea of sadness.
Everyone has an ideal career.
Among all professions, I prefer to be a nurse, a vocation which offers people something different.
First of all, be a nurse if you want to face various people.
A nurse should be a person who is warm-hearted and energetic.
What's more, he or she spends days communicating to patients and taking care of others.
From my humble opinion, it is the comfort from the nurse that brings the patient courage, passion and love as well, with which the patient can recover from illness faster and healthier.
Being a nurse is a rewarding way to dedicate oneself to the society.
Once upon a time, I went to hospital because of stomachache.
I ate something wrong on the previous day so that I had to have an injection on the backside.
As a six-year-old child, I am so frightened that I cried loudly.
In came a sweet nurse.
She consoled me and told me to be brave.
It was the smile on her face that made me believe it may not be a disaster to be given an injection.
Many years have passed away.
However, one thing is certain.
To be so kind a nurse as she is and to care for others is my dream.
If you want to learn Chinese well you must hard work.
To start with, you should join a Chinese class, it is good at learning Chinese, because this class maybe let you understand the Chinese with your classmate.
Secondly, more and more read Chinese book and watch Chinese TV can help you learn Chinese study.
You maybe difficult understand the mean, do not wrong, you can write those words then can ask your teacher and classmate.
Thirdly, you must listen about Chinese song and try to sing this song.
I think this way is that a gond way to you learn Chinese.
This song is very good.
In the end, try to make Chinese friends.
Your friend can improve your talking and hope you find language sense.
I hope you can be successful.
Some of my classmates hold a quite supportive attitude toward students getting online frequently .The reasons are as follows:firstly ,we can not only have access to knowledge but also broaden our horizons through getting online.
furthermore,we can exchange ideas with our friends.
What's more the Internet provide a great number of entertainment which make us relax ourselves.
But every coin has two sides,the other students objected to them.They told us getting online freguently dose harm to our seesight.
Besides,it took us a large amount of valuable time and energy.What's worse,we may couldn't help to indulging in computergames or chatting with others.
In the end,I'd like to share some of my opinions with you.
I think,we should consider the computer to be an important tool.It is necessary for us to make every effort to form a good habit of keeping the balance between learning and the Internet.
If everyone of us have good self-controling the Internet will become a close friend of us.
Widely-used expressions arise out of social ,political and cultural changes.A good example is "Actions speak louder than words.
"People usually say "where there is a will there is a way",however,it's no use putting it on the top of tongue while people don't take actions.
In my youth some experience was to change my whole out look on life.I even demanded myself almost everyday that you should be wrapped up in your study instead of being concentrated on computer games .To a great degree,I believed that I would accomplish what was expected of me by means of encouraging myself .Nonetheless,in fact every time I decided to make some progress I always became more tired of living up to my parents' expectations .Finally,I found that making up my mind to change myself frequently while never taking action was useless.
Of the greatest importance is your attitude and your actions.
In many cases,the chances are that you are capable of achieving your purpose,and yet you also need use your strong character to the best advantage.You can't be unduly industrious when you are trying to get your purpose.
I guess everyone feels like making a positive impression.But a sea of people don't know how to do it.Now I will share my opinions with you about making a lively impression.Maybe it can help you.
It is first and most essential thing that you should be honest.If you always tell lies,nobody will get along with you ,and no matter what you do ,it's useless.Besides you can make yourself warmhearted.If you often help others,they will think you are kind and your impression will gradually improve.What's more,you should communicate with your classmates,friends and people with whom you are familiar .Let them know your thoughts.Automatically,your impression will keep in their minds.
If you can do what I said just now,it will be easy for you to make a good impression.
Hi,my chinese name is C.My English name is Jodie.I come from S.There are many tasty foods in S.So you can have a good time when enjoying it.I am an outgoing,easygoing and not tall girl.I very like eating foods.I also like traveling.My favorite sport is playing badmiton,but I not play so well.I also like Taekwondo.I think it is so fantastic.What about my dream job?I think being a teacher may more fit to me.From college,I want to learn more knowllege and make more friends.I am trusting a word that you will across the bridge when you get to it.That is me.A confident me!
Recently, whether university students should use credit cards is being discussed heatedly.
Different people have different opinions.
Some people believe that it may bring harms to students.
As for me, I think it must have plenty of benefits for university students.
It finds an echo in most people's hearts that no one can deny the fact use credit cards are very convenient and safe.
By using credit cards we can not only shopping online but can also deposit the money in the banks.
SO when we are in shopping, we can use credit cards rather than cash.
What's more, banks always cooperated with universities, thus, we can use a credit card to recharge and payment.
It is definitely a rapid and secure way to pay.
Using a credit card can help us to learn how to manage money.
Your credit card can help you keep track of your shopping sheets.
If there have some mistakes your credit card company will contact with you as soon as possible.
As we all know, credit cards can overdraw.
Therefore, if we came across some emergency situation, we can use money ahead of next month.
All in all, credit cards to students is fairy maiden to Cinderella.
It can improve we university student's life condition.
When I was in senior high school, I had wonderful hopes and usually dreamed of attending university.
Now, when I really become a freshman, I hope I can become a successful woman after university.
The meaning of success is usually different for everyone.
As for me, I hope I can get good grades and wish myself a smooth graduation.
Developing a good habit is necessary to my way of thinking.
In the following 4years, I'll never forget my hopes and I'm going to take advantage of spare time.
I'm going to "Yuying library " at a regular time.
What's more, I wish I can have enough time to learn English, which can help me to open my mind.
As the old saying goes, Success belongs to the persevering.
I'll never let anyone steal my hopes.
According to the picture, we can find that a young man is writing an application.
He racks his brains and feels upset because he doesn't know which job suits him.
The picture is thought-provoking and it illustrates a common phenomenon in today's society.
Nowadays, when young people face with different jobs, they feel very confused, and even don't know what to do.
There are two reasons that young people don't know what job suits themselves.
Firstly, when they are young, everything depended on their parents.
Guadually, they lost their mind or even afraid of dealing with difficulties independently.
Secondly, they couldn't know themselves clearly.
In their mind, they are college students, so they should have a satisfying job.
But the reality is cruel, only we should consider all factors, can we have an ideal job.
There are four tips that can help them hunt for suitable jobs.
The most essential things are that you must know what job suits you.
So you need to know the occupations and careers whether you are interested in or not.
As an old saying goes, the interest is the best teacher.
Only putting your heart in one thing, can you have more motivation to do it.
Then, your job must have a stable wage.
When you have grown up, one day you have to leave your parents.
At that time, an ideal job must be able to support your life and your family.
What's more, you need to search some information about the company or consult your friends and relatives and they can give you some reasonable suggestions.
Last but not least, it is very essential for us to find a good job with a harmonious environment.
As we all know that the environment is good for health.
Health is the biggest wealth.
If you work in an unfavorable condition, you may feel uncomfortable.
A terrible condition does harm to your health.
So you have to observe it.
In my opinion, it is not difficult for us to find an ideal job.
But the decision should be made with all factors full considered.
We also need to learn to come to terms with reality.
Don't lose your mind.
Find an ideal job is very vital for you and your family.
Whatever you do, you can take 4 tips that I list into consideration and maybe it can help you have a clear goal.
When I was in high school, going to college is my dream.
Excited as I am, the first time I see my college.
In my heart, I want my college to feel good.
Both the teachers and students there are very nice.
always help me in the daily life, and I can get well with them.
Every time I meet trouble in my study, my classmates can help me.
Of course, I hope my teachers are all kind and knowledgeable.
Especially my class adviser, he should take good care of us.
He can talk with us and play activities with us in order to make us get used to the new life.
In the college, I want to study hard and make more friends.
I should be strict with myself.
And I should get up and go to bed early.
What's more, I want to learn more knowledge and improve my life skills.
I hope my college life is colorful.
But, I have some fears of the following 4 years at college.
I think I can't be keep up with the pace of learning and pass the college exams.
I am also afraid of that the students don't like me.
I am YG.I am a student.
I really enjoy my free time.I like riding a bike very much.Because it feels good.
I like playing football,too.Because I love Messi very much.He is a good football player.I like playing football with cwj.Because he play football very well.This is my free time.Do you want to play football with us?
With the development of economy and technology, mobile devices are affecting more and more people strongly.
Especially university students.
