Every coin has two sides, on the one hand, tourism could promote the development of national economic.
On the other hand, it may harm our environment.
Then, let's discuss the disadvantages that travel brings to the environment.
With the rapid development of the tourism industry, our environment is facing a range of issues such as the pollution of the environment.
Firstly, it is a very common phenomenon that tourists will, without doubt, produce garbage when they are traveling.
For example, some tourists may throw away garbage which was hard to degrade such as plastic food bags and plastic food containers here and there, causing poor soils and pollution of the environment.
Secondly, it is a very nasty habit of some tourists that they enjoy lying on the grass and chatting with their friends or families.
Sometimes they may even walk or run through the grass, ignoring the placard that says "stay off the grass", and it also brings some negative impact to the environment.
Finally, travel may result in a chain effect.
For example, if the number of the tourists becomes larger, the people there will try to extend the area for the tourists.
This way, the ecological balance there will be broke, and then it will result in the deterioration of ecological environment.
In conclusion, travel does harm the environment.
Nevertheless if we take notice of our behavior when we are traveling, we can avoid harming the environment.
I hope all the tourists can set a good example and act as a role model to others on their trip.
To ask me about learning English in university what experience, in this respect I feel some shame.
Say a in the truth I really did not have a good experience is worth everybody study.
Although I have no, but I can from my side triumphant people experience to tell you find them.
First of all, we have to get rid of high school that a single boring learning method, we want to learn English in different ways.
Read newspapers, listen to the radio, watch English movies, listen to English lectures, read textbooks and talk with each, and other ways to learn English.
This will let us feel the fun of learning English.
Second, speak English, don't be afraid of making mistakes.
Everyone can make mistakes, it is inevitable, as long as dare say, we will be able to learn it well.
Learning a language is the most important purpose is used to communicate, so be sure to say.
The last point I think is important point that is never give up, keep working on.
At least 10-15 minutes every day English, morning and evening is the best time to learn English.
Learning a language is not a day for two days, must persevere.
Said the English achievement, I think this is my high school that three English passed the examination, this to me is how difficult of affair.
Failure that involves the various aspects, such as not perseverance, learning the wrong way, didn't listen carefully in class.
Now the English teacher teaching method also is varied, let the students in another way to learn English, it was good.
The teacher in the English teaching is good enough.
I just hope the teacher can more with friends to relate to students identity, this will be to student's learning more help.
I take part in two activities.One activity I have is sports.After I went to high school.I decided to do exercise everyday in order to keep healthy.The exercice I do inclouds running,swimming,jogging and so on.I can also have a good time when I am doing exercise.The other activity is watching movies.Specially,all the movies I watch speak English.I try my better to comprehense what characters say all the time.In my opinion,this way can make me learn English better.
For choosing right activitise,I have some pieces of advice to give.First of all,choose what you like so you will know the fun of activities.Othersides,you should find a balance between hobby and study.We should avoid activities affect oue study.It's important to arrvenge time .
I have some advise to talk with you.
Firstly,you can join the Chinese club.you could practice Chinese at there .That is a good way to improve your Chinese skill.
Secendly, you could read Chinese book or watch Chinese TV,learning about Chinese word.To feel Chinese charm.
Then,you can sing Chinese songs.You can choose single song to study at first.
I think it is better.
I also use this way to learn English.
By this way, your Chinese spoken could improve more and more.
Lastly,you can make Chinese friend.
As usual, you can communicate with them.
Talk about china' history and culture ,it is also help you learn Chinese .
In a word, Chinese is a mysterious and interesting language.
I believe that you can hold it.
Everyone has a hero in his heart.
My hero is LuXun.
His story is very great.
LuXun has black hair.
He is very kind because he serves the people.
He is famous for his work.
At first,he is a doctor.
He spent lots of time learning how to be that a good doctor in Japen.
During that year,he knows how about difficult Chinese people's life.
So,he has began written soon as he got China.
He has been writing for many years,and written much work.
He was born on Spetember 25th,1881 in China.
It is very important for people to read his work.
He wrote many books for China.
I like it because he is very great.
He was calling one of the great writers in 1900s.
When everyone was sleeping,he was writing at night.
His books are would-famous.
I think he is a national hero.
He saved China in another way.
I want to be a person like him.
He is so great that he is very famous in China.
So far many people praise him.
I learn from him :if you think you can,you can.
He won the heart of many people.
All man are created equal.
These words were said by many philosophers in history.
On this view, some people claim that any child can be taught to become a specialist in any aspect.
Children are blackground which can be drawed by adults on any way.
There is no field can find their strong performers come from the same class or the same country.
When some people claim above view, the opposite view also have generally beliebers.
The theory that ability in sport or music and others are gifted are basic for this view.
Talent are branded as the most important sector in children's own development.
For example, we can see many children show outstanding performance on their first touch of some subjects.
At the same time, someone peaks in one subject may have no idea about other subjects.
Scientific thinking can be seen on both of two views.
However, they don't pay enough attention to a question whether children's family and social background play a important role in their growth together.
In my own opinion, two above views are too absolute.
There is no denying that people have different talent which affect people's development in long view.
But some scientific test proved that two children have similar talent but different famliy have differernt performance in same subject.
At the same time, we can also see someone have no interests on his or her career but play good.
We can discribe talent is a important sector to people's development but it's lack can be replace by people's hardworking study.
Recently,six students who shared a dorm at a local university hired a cleaners to do laundry and cleaning once a week ,which led to a heated debate .In my point of view ,college students hire cleaners should not be encouraged .
Despite a lot of study tasks and homeworks,our college students still have a duty of doing laundry and cleaning ,which can definitely enrich our daily life and make us fullfilling.It is obvious that we have to be independent and learn to put what we have learned into pratice.
According to the newspaper ,each of them paid cleaners 60 yuan a month ,which indicates that they are not fully aware of their parents' sacrifice and love .There is no denying that college life is not all about study,but learn to be independent.If all of us choose to hire cleaners ,I afraid that we will never have the capability of taking care of ourselves .As far as I am concerned ,they should feel shamed of wasting money for hiring cleaners to do laundry and cleaning .
In conclusion ,I do believe that hiring cleaners should not be encouraged .Our college students should learn to be independent .
In the school for some time, I don't know what I want.
However, as time goes on.
I began to enjoy such a busy life at university.
I remember there is a very interesting class team game.
By my teacher told us that the rules of the game, this a team game, we will be in the form of a relay, finish the difficult task.
Props, of course, we must use the teacher give us a pair of black eye mask, we will use an eye mask will our eyes blindfolded, and draw a pig on the blackboard.
I think it will be very difficult.
When the teacher said in the beginning, we don't know where to start, we rushed to the distribution of their respective tasks.
Fortunately, with the passage of time we more and more confident, more arrogant, we all think we will win.
But at the end of the game, we lost the game by a few seconds.
I don't know what causes we lose the game, this is not a thing should be right, maybe we are too proud.
Although we lost the game, but it takes the joy of the game, also let me understand the power of the team, also understand the team as a whole, who left the also not line.
"To celebrate the Singles Day never brings embarrassment," said Cynthia, a girl who recently broke up with her boyfriend.
Like Cynthia, many young people program activities to enjoy this holiday.
Nowadays, it becomes the fashion.
And the festival stirred more attention this year than before.
November the 11th in 2011 becomes unique by the digit of year-2011-which contains another "11".
February 14th, with a romantic name called "the Valentine's Day" was cherished by many men and women to spend with their lovers.
Compared with sweetness and happiness brought by the Valentine's Day, Singles Day activities demonstrate a ghost of unrestrained gaiety.
Several girls in the same dormitory decided to celebrate the festival together.
Among them, Jew said that without a boyfriend, life is also colorful with her bosom friends.
Their schedule for the Singles Day was to dine together firstly, and then to go to Karaoke.
In this year, going to cinema may added to people's activity list.
A movie called "Love Is Blind" comes to be a miracle in low-budget films.
Its box office has reached 40 million RMB after 4 days since it was released on November 8th.
The leading actress, "H" reflects many lovesick girls' heartrending experiences.
Vivian said that she burst into tears when seeing H chasing after the taxi and crying:"I know I am wrong.
Please come back.
Despairing facial expressions Huang wears recalled her own memory of the similar scene happened before.
Comments from movie critics show different opinions that the great income in box office is articulate not to premium quality of the movie itself, but to commercial speculation.
Maybe there still remains doubt to judge if it is a good movie or not.
However, it is certain that this movie gets great success with powerful help of the "super" Singles Day.
As the number of people who celebrate this holiday is increasing year by year, more and more people feel less embarrassed to celebrate their single life.
With all my heart I hope that those who are waiting for true love will not celebrate this festival next year.
Over the mouths,many people have been hurt by the animals when they are walking through the streets,and these accidents are constantly reported as current affairs by the TV channels.
According to the reports, here are the effects.Primary, the dangerous animals may cause the panic of people.The animals run through the streets and the people are all afraid of being hurt,especially the bad dogs.In addition,when they have a chance to walk along the streets,they may lose control and make people injured or even dead.So we can draw a conclusion that raising dangerous animals is really dangerous.
SO please stop raising dangerous animals as pets.If there are less and less dangerous animals that threaten our safety, our lives will be better and better.
l am Li Hua.
l had just graduated from high school.
and teachers get along very well.
Often help each other.
l am very hardworking .
So my results was good.
But l do not like join outdoor sports.
most pleased me was that l had done very well that l had done very well in college entrance examination.
l am so happy.
High school three years have very good l grow a lot.
In nearly year,the academic honesty is becoming a worse problem.
For example,a lot of students' disquisition are not write by themselves,they find some old disquisition to copy then use these arcitle to finish their graduation.
Some false expert publish some false speech, due to the false speech,some people in trouble.In some sides,the academic honesty support the development of society.A lot of new things come into being is osculate to the academic.And the false academic affect ethos,some people have low sense of the orthodox academic idea.
In my opinion,academic honsety is very important.It is not only represent your academic idea,but also express your academic attitude.Only have regular attitude and clinging chase,you can create some things represent your own opinion.False academic can not stand forever,one day,it will be ruined.So I think academic honesty is very important.
This is our school.
There are many green trees and beautiful flowers in my school.
Our classroom is on the fourth floor and the computer room is on the same floor.
The teachers' offices are next to our classrooms.
There are two laboratories and one assembly room on the third floor.
The Art room is on the second floor.
Fence room and library are on the first floor.
There are thirty three classrooms and 1200 students in our school.
There is A big playground in our school.
Many students go there to play football and basketball after school in the afternoon.
We are like studying and help each other.
All teachers are very nice, they always take care of our studying and life.
We all like our school.
With the development of society, another new shopping form springs up quietly but quickly in past few years.
It is known as online shopping which differs from the traditional shopping.
In recent years, more and more people who race the clock, especially the group on duty and students are busy in working and studying, resulting in having little time to go out to buy what they need.
Online shopping, however, can meet their need.
People can make order for buying what they need by a computer and wait for the delivery to arrive at home instead of going out to the grocery stores or traditional supermarket.
People also need not queue up and draw their exhausted bodies to search for their commodities.
The commodities online are also always on discount, which are more economical and practical to those financial managers.
I don't think so.
There is something people don't know.
Online shopping is still unsatisfactory, it has some disadvantages, like the quality of the goods, the hidden costs, and security.
Online shopping can not replace traditional shopping.
First, Accessibility can be a problem.
Online shopping is limited only to on line users.
Not all customers have access to the web.
E-tailer has no 100 % access to customers.
Even out of web users few make on line money transactions.
Because one needs money to buy a computer and to have internet connection, online shopping seems to be limited people of reasonable amount of income.
Ease of use is a problem, as the web design is still complex, or at least somewhat chaotic.
E-tail stores are not standardized in design in the way catalogs and retail stores have become.
It is harder to learn computer at an older age, the elderly people tend shop at traditional retail stores.
In addition, doing shopping in supermarkets is assured.
When it comes to online purchase, the problem of quality is usually a major concern.
Norman (2008) said that, there is no doubt that we have no access to touch or feel the commodity since the website only provides the picture for us (para 6).
In contrast, we can easily judge the quality by observing the commodity's height, weight or texture in supermarkets.
Moreover, some sellers would not keep their promise of sending the product to us even we have paid for it.
If the sellers do sent the product to us, we should also take the transportation issue into account.
While in a super market such unhappy things will not happen.
We can take good care of our goods.
We don't need to worry about that the goods will be broken on our way home.
Next, the hidden costs, I think we have to think about it.
In the article "Disadvantages of Online Shopping" (2007), it states there that "There may be nasty surprises which may take place.
Hidden cost like unexpected delivery charges or a product that isn't exactly what you had in mind" (para 4).
The internet is known as the premier source of incredible bargains.
Online auctions have taken the place of real world auctions when it comes to finding incredible discounts.
This is especially true when it comes to the realm of hidden charges.
Large discounts on the items you want to buy are only good if they aren't eaten up by additional charges that seem to come out of nowhere.
One representation of hidden costs is postage.
Sellers sometimes reduce their prices well below those of the competition, but then add back costs for shipping that are well in excess of their expenses.
The first line of defence against exorbitant shipping charges is comparison shopping.
Never purchase an item or service from an internet seller without visiting additional sellers for comparison.
You will probably find that most prices fall within a relatively narrow range.
You will often find that shipping charges have been inflated to cover the difference.
When you get your good, the price you need to pay for is more than that you see on the web side.
The representation of another hidden cost is time wasting.
Time is money.
Maybe many net citizens pay much attention to saving time, and they do not have to go to store, but it is not tally with the facts.
That means if it costs some time for a person to shopping online.
This period of time is not less than the time you spend in going to a store.
As we know when we go to store, we need to spend a lot of time to consult the quality and price of the goods from seller.
Many customers realize that they can spend a short time to determine the goods they want to buy; however, this thought is not correct in people's mind.
People also have to compare capability of the goods to many others.
If the speed of the internet is slow, they may fail to shop online, so shopping online is not the most secure way for people to get goods that they want.
Another important fact is that people must be patient to wait for their goods.
The express delivery also need a lot of time.
I'm gald to know that you're going to our school.Let me tell you something about our school.
No 4 middle school is a good place for us to study and grow up.Many student reading every morning,and a little bit people play basketball in playground.In my eyes,No 4 middle school is a good school,because it is very beautiful.In playground have many trees and flowers.And No 4 middle school about have 1000 people.
I think No 4 middle school is a very beautiful.I hope you can going to our school.
What do you want to do when you're old ?Every person has his own ideal job.some people wish to be doctors ,someone wants to be a basketball players because they are good at sports ,and so on .
To achieve my dream of being a qualified guide, I have to make sufficient preparations.
What's more important ,I should control my mood freely and treat every traveler kindly.
Being a good guide is difficult, but I believe if I endeavor to do this things in all hands.
I'll be successful sooner or later.
It was Sep27and it's a traditional Chinese festival-The Mid-Autumn festival.And during these days all Chinese are free and will have a big meal together.My mom cooked a very delicious dinner.And then dad came home early.After dinner,we watched TV, ate moon food and watched the moon.The moon is very round today.We had a good time.Mid Autumn festival is very good festival.It's day of happiness.I hope you have a wonderful Mid Autumn festival.
Wang Linging's best friend is Liu Lili.They are both tall,but Wang Lingling is quite different from Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili.Wang Lingling has bigger eyes than Liu Lili.Wang Lingling likes reading,she is more serious than most kids.That's why she likes reading books and she studies harder in class,About Liu Lili,she likes sports,she is good at playing tennis.And she runs faster than Wang Lingling because Wang Lingling never plays sports.And Liu Lili is smart,so her grades is as good as Wang Lingling.Also,she is funny,she often makes Wang Lingling laugh.
However,they are both popular.Because they are both friendly.They are outgoing,too.So they are happy everyday.
Dear Peter I'm very glad to hear you that you want to know about the Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is a traditional festival.
And the Spring Festival has had so long history that it's had over 4000 years ago.
People celebrate the Sping Festival in January or February,so it isn't on the same day.
People often watch TV to the Spring Festival gala.
People often play firework and eat jiaozi at the midnight.
Parents and grandparents give children Hongbao,and it means lucky money.
I think the Spring Festival is very popular and feel happily.
It is very exciting.
When I got up, I opened the curtain and found it was snowing.
The whole world became white.
It was very beautiful.
I decided to go outside to take some photos.
It was cold, so I put on my overcoat.
When I walked on the street, I took lots of wonderful pictures.
Suddenly, I saw a man who walked in front of me fell down.
I went back home immediately.
I took a broom and wanted to sweep the snow.
When the person who walked on the street saw I clean the snow.
They praised me for my behavior.
Helping others makes me feel happy and I am proud of myself.
Air is one of the fundamental environmental factors human relying on to survive.
With the development of human's production and life activities, air pollution is becoming worse and worse.
Facing the serious situation, human have to search for solutions.
As far as I am concerned, I suggest using non-pollution or low-pollution energy sources.
Nowadays, oils and coals are used in a wide range.
When these sources are burning, harmful materials are let out into the atmosphere, and it lead to the air problem.
However, if we take up trying to use non-pollution or low-pollution energy sources, harmful materials entering the atmosphere are reduced.
To take the place of high-pollution energy sources, first we should put a large number of fund into looking for new sources.
Up to now, governments encourage us to use natural gas.
Natural gas hardly produces harmful materials.
Therefore, it improves air quality radically.
Then natural gas is cheaper than manufactured gas, so it is a good choice for users.
Last but not least, natural gas is safer than others.
In addition, human are developing other new sources, like solar energy, wind energy source and so on.
All in all, more and more people are aware of importance of protecting air.
In the way of looking for new low-pollution energy sources, human are fighting for better lives.
Love is the feeling of kindness, consideration , respect etc., and show them to the person or thing that you loved.
It is full of in our life, everyone gives love, and also to be loved.
I want to mention three kinds of love in our daily life.
First, the love of families, of course, the most important is parents'love, they try their best to protect their child, and let them live better, they express their love to the child in every case,in every day, maybe just a kiss.
Second, the love of friends, everyone has friends in life, love is that the courage and confidence you friends gave when you're in troubles.
Third, the love of the lover(love), a rose,a gift is the way for them to express love, and love between lovers can also be a romantic surprise.
These three loves is very general in our daily life .
Love is a part of life, and it will be apart of us, forever.
How's it going?I'm very glad to receive your letter.And I thought I'd write to tell you about my first memories of school.
My first memories of school were fish pond s.When I first entered the school saw a big Fountain,as I got closer to it.There was a lot of fish and a lotus,AndI thought this is a good school is very beautiful.,there are many trees and ponds in the school,And I likes to walk in the school.
My first impression of military training for school and instructor was very young.We have been training very hard for a few days.And I think the teacher in charge of my class is a very good teacher.,I'm so happy now.
Firstly, of course you need your clubs your gloves and your shoes.
Secondly, you should find a driving range.
And then, wear your golves and shoes, use your head to hold your club grip, put your club hand on the floor near than your golf ball.
Thirdly, band your hip and knees,and you need make sure that you back erect.
Fourthly, turn your shoulder right awmi-around your arm.
Keep your hand the same as when you had start, band your club be level off, then, turn your hip to left also your arm.
And hit your golf ball and keep turning.
Then finish your swing.
Last time, we have mentioned a famous person, Sima Guang.
Now, I'm going to tell you a story about Sima Guang which was very popular in my childhood.
When he was a 7-year-old boy, he was playing hide-and-seek with his friends in a yard.
Something can't be avoided happened.
A child carelessly fell into a big tank which was filled with water.
The child kept on screaming.
Some children cried in fear, someone went out to ask help.
But there was only one child kept calm without any frightened.
He was Sima Guang.
He found a big stone and threw it to the tank hard.
The tank was broken.
A lot of water ran out.
The child became safe.
After that, everyone considers he was a real clever person from his childhood.
In my opinion, it's a pleasure to have such an outstanding person in China.
that all of us are told frequently from childhood.However,from the bottom of my heart, I didn't understand it thoroughly until that time.
I didn't have a good command of English before ,and hardly could I imagine my immediately reciting the passage after listening several times.Scolded by the teacher ,to prove my strength,I determined to make efforts .From then on,never did I give up listening to the tape .I took every chance to train my pronunciation.No pains, no gains.I worked harder,and all what I did paid off.There's no denying that great efforts ensure the success of our work.
"The early bird "is a person who gets well prepared.Diligence is of great difficulty to live up to .Once you employ your perseverance to the best advantage ,the chances are that you can succeed.Please bear in mind that it is your diligence rather than intelligence that matters most.In that case,why not keep up your courage and have a try?
When given this question, different people have varied answers.
On the one hand , wealthy people will be able to buy more healthful foods.
On the other hand , they can enjoy better facilities to improve their health.
As far as I am concerned, both health and wealth are important to our life.
We should try to strike a balance between them and gain wealth with a healthy body.
The table reflects the situation of staff recruitment and turnover amongst departments from July 2008 to January 2009.
During the period of time, ten persons are employed and one leaves in R&D.
As to administrition division,we have 20 more new staff and no one leaves.Besides,the number of new staff amounts to 30 and four employees removed in marketing division.
Moreover,production division occupies the largest percentage of our new employees-50 people and it is also one that accounts for the largest staff turnover which is up to the number of 57.In conclusion,the total number of staff recruitment is 140.
Nowaday,We have to face a problem that gutter oil,As we know,gutter oil is had for health;Therefore,people should be encouraged to gutter oil regularly.
There excite an environmental phenomenon,which phenomenon, Which has aroused great concern among people around us.Acconding us.
Acconding to a survey.There survey.
There ara a couple of reasons booming this problem has a great effect on health.
For the past few years, gutter oil has been widely accepted by people,For one thing,people can buy gutter oil with money,but can not buy health,For another.Now environmental pollution has become a very serious problem the world is facing today.
As far as I am concerned,we all should consider how to control gutter oil.So that they won't control us,only in this way can we make full use of them.While avoiding the side effects.
In the modern work, many people like to jump ship, here are some of the reason.
Some people think that their job hopping is the cause of a bad relationship with work staff, they don't like his colleagues, so, they want to enter the new environment and establish new friendship.
Some people said that they want to get more work experience, they want to a new experience, changing jobs can gain new experiences.
Some people dissatisfied with their jobs, they said that work can't reflect their value, they want to search for a new challenge to realize own value.
Here some Suggestions are put forward.
In the work, we should get to know ourselves, it is no use doing what you like; you have got to like what you do.
We should love ourselves work, and we will get more surprise in it.
Learning to learn, you should try your best to study the subject willingly, or rather, to make it your desire.
With places and objects prepared, you're supposed to read, recite ,review and preview your work with fully-attention.
With the rapid development of science and technology , telecommunication is more and more popular now , especially cell phone .
Nowadays , almost everyone owns a mobile phone .
Various kinds of cell phones are selling on the market everyday .
It is reported by Larry Page , CEO of Google that , so far , 550,000 sets of Andorid Systems have been activated every day .
Cell phones do change our daily lives .
Initially , cell phones were just used to call or text .
But as the technology developed , cell phones were updated into a new generation .
We can surf the Internet ,play games and take photos , etc .
They entertain us and render our dull lives colourful .
What's more , cell phones make us get closer and closer to each other .
More and more communicative applications are being used every seceond .
These apps can not only text to our friends but also send voice messages .
However , every coin has two sides , merits usually go hand in hand with demerits .
The number of human beings using cell phones is increasing rapidly .
According to Jorma Ollila , CEO of Nokia , he stated that the number of human beings using cell phone would be up to 40,000,000,000 , which would equal to the half population of the whole world .
Cell phone is also an invinsible killer .
Some of us like to hold their phones wherever and whenever called "Phudding " , who seldom talk to anyone instead of typing on phones .Thus, it reduces communication between each other and leads to the alienation between each other .Phudding also like watching phones while they are walking that causes many accidents .
Worst of all , playing cell phones for long time is the primary trigger of Thoracic Spinal Epidural Hematoma.
It also does harm to our eyes before sleeping .
Above all , as far as I am concerned , cell phones' demerits are beyond their merits and we should reduce using our cell phones .
No.44/77 Is this available in white?
No.78/612 what is the discount price of this for orders of over 500 piece?
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
Madam C.J.
Walker was a successful woman.
There was a story about her.It was on a rainy morning,she woke up.
Then she began to brush her hair.
Suddenly, she found out that she was losing hair.
She was so scared that she began to try different kinds of medicines.
But they were useless.
In a night,she dreamed a man who showed her some plants and told her how to solve the problem.
At that time, she had no choice but to try the plants.
A few days were past.And her hair grew faster.
She was very happy.
At the same time, she also wanted to help the person who had the same experience.
So she began to make the medicines and sold them.
Last, more and more people bought the product.
So she became succeeded.
Someone likes read the book of original ,someone likes see the movie instead of the book in the original.In my opinion,i l rather see a movie than read a book.
As we know ,read a book need more time than see a movie, so i think that see a movie better than read the original book.Firstly, its waste time that we read a book in one day ,especially in the holiday.Secondly,see a movie is more interesting than read a book although the book in the original contain lots of details, i think that language can give the original more and more interesting.
At the last ,it is important that to make a book adapt to a film.
We can stay at home reading quietly a situation in my holiday.
Different person have different ways of to take in English.
I have my way of learning English.I think my method is of great help to my English learning.
My favorite way to learn English is practice using English each day.Basides we should hear the teacher and take notes carefully in class.Llisten to English radio programmes read English stories and newspapers watch English films and TV programmes,keep a dairy in English!
These methods to cultivate my interest.These methods are extremely helpful for learning English.Use it to learn English is easy and let me recognise more about the disparity between foreign languages and the Chinese.
Our school has a lot of places students like to hang out, such as classroom reading-room playground.
My favorite place is a playground.
In the playground,people know how to protect themselves,and it is a good place for you to do exercise.
Im used to hang out in the playground after lunch,because it is healthy to walk after lunch,and ti is a good place for you to make friend and we can share experience on students.
With the development of industry and technology, air pollution in cities become more serious.
Many ways are expected to solve this problem, such as using electeicity sources, riding a bicycle instead of a car and so on.
As far as I am concerned, using electeicity is the best way to solve the problem.
First and foremost, electricity is regarded as one of the "green fuels", which is different from fossil fuels .
Electricity can not bend to pollutant, so it is a proper way to solve the air pollution.
Besides, though not renewable, electricity is almost inexhaustible because there are many ways to generate electricity, such as by harnessing water and converting mechanical or chemical energy.
The last not least, to use electricity as an alternative fuel will free us from the pressure of importing fossil fuels.
Accordingly, the cost of environmental protection as well as transportation will be lowered down.
For the reasons above, I strongly commit to the notion that using the electricity is the best way to deal with the problem of air pollution in cities.
Along with the progress of The Times, more and more things have changed.
Recently English class decided to group learning.
by many people, but there are also some people opposed.
think so.
and enhance students' cooperation ability.
the enthusiasm of everyone, so I support grouping learning.
It is a fashion that people go shopping on the Internet in modern society.
For example,white-collars are gradually going shopping in daily life.
As the coin has two sides, it has two factors.
On the hand, it can save time for those who are busy working all the day.
What's more, it is convenient for people who can go shopping no matter what time.
On the other hand, it still has some disadvantages.
Such as people can't touch the goods and don't try it on.
In my opinion,it has many disadvantages and affects people shopping.So the government should use the laws to regulate online shopping.Only in this way,can people go shopping on online in safe surroundings.
In recent years, an increasing number of museums become free to the public.The reason for it lies in the fact that the government has been attaching great importance to provide more opportunities for citizens to explore and get access to the knowledge world.
Free admission enables people, especially students, to have more opportunities to visit museums, where they can acquire knowledge of history, arts, customs and so forth.
However, the opener attitude of museums may also bring some problems as well.
For one thing, with more visitors, there is possibility that displays of the museums can get damaged more easily.
For another, it becomes a huge economic burden for museums to run as usual without any profits from the visitors.
As far as I am concerned, I am absolutely in favor of this practice.
First and foremost, not worrying about the admission fees, ordinary people are allowed to enter the museums to enjoy the displays freely.
Moreover, kids and teenagers can learn about knowledge in various domains in a more vivid and interactive way in the museums out of the classroom.
As we all known that the university campus is not only a place to study but also a platform to build the personal independence.However,there is a strange phenomenon that college students tend to hire cleaners to do laundry for them.As for me, I think it is unadoptable, and as college students we have the obigation to do such normal things by ourselves.
In China, a large number of teenagers under 18 are taken good care of by their dear parents at home.It seems that what they should do is just studying before entering university.But we must admit that this easy life style brings about the lacknessless of independence.Us college students should learn how to arrange our personal life orderly and clearly.If we cannot deal with these simple matters,let alone the future challenge we will face.Thus,It is necessary for us to build the ability to do all the things by oueselves.
In a word,I don't think college students shoule hire the cleaners because we are not children anymore but the young adults who can be well manage self-life.
We are pleased to inform you that shipment of the goods under Sales Confirmation No.J-29 has been made on board steamer ship "PEARL" to "May flower" cargo ship ship in Hongkong.
This is about system by CFR cost and freightn turnover.
We have been fax you in 2013 March 15 , so that you may arrange the insurance in time.
Looking forward to your reply.
Last weekends.
I had very busy on weekends.
My mother really so tired so I should help my mother doing the chores.
In the morning, I made the bed.
After breakfast, I help my mother did the dishes and took the rubbish.
After that, I wash the clothes and fold the clothes.
I clean the living room and swept the floor.
So that, I the flowers.
I help my mother make the dinner when I finish the housework.
All the students want to become a top student, because the top students are much admired by other students and much appreciated by their teacher and their parents, So we should try to be a top student, as teachers and parents proud.
First, we must develop good study habits and read various kinds of book .
Second, we should listen to the teachers attentively and answer the teachers' questions activetly in class and do what teachers ask our to do after class.
Third, we'd better preview the text.
Finally, as a top student, we seem to have a wide variety of interests, pay a attention one of them.
I am determined to be a top student .I am plung into the study, I in the learning process regardness of the difficulties encountered will not give up .
This passage tells us a story about the family of Bear after buying the computer that changes life.
First of all , Papa Bear bought a computer home in order to come in handy for his furniture business .
And then , it's obvious that family members spent their time on computer and ignored family life together after buying computer .
Everybody was at his computer .
For example, Honey Bear was playing a game on her computer.
When Papa Bear saw this scene , he immediately made an announcement and had rules for the cubs : turn the Internet off except for one hour each day .
After that , the family is sweet and full of love .
The part I like best is the family atmosphere , the family members can discuss things together when meet computer trouble .
Now , with the development of the network , a lack of communication between families , people prefer spending time in playing computer games which are illusion rather than draw out one hour to play ball , go skateboarding , fly kites , go fishing , walk the dog , swing , jungle gyms that are full of meaning .
To be honest , I really like the ending that they talked about all kinds of things, what happened in school and they even didn't stay home in front of a computer screen at all, which is different from the situation at present.
It's seems to be calling for us to spend time with our family and care about them .
As we all know, many college students take park in actives of social practice.
Social practices can help students gain some experiences when they step into society.
So many people think that we must take part in social practice as a student of college.
BUt we have to face a phenomenon that most students don't like to take part in social practices, because they think it will cost more time in their life.
Social practices take happy for us, and ti can give us more experiences to face the future.
Of course, social practice gives us more chances to change our life in the future.
I think that we must more involved in social practices.
It is good for us if we want step into society.
As a college student we will enter the community in the near future.
Social experience is very important for us.
We should take part in more social practice in our life.
If we want to have a good future, we should take more time in practical activity.
As we know, our dormitory is far from our classroom.
When we walk from our dormitory to the classroom, we will spend about thirty minutes getting there.
First of all, you go out of our dormitory and you will face our mess.
After turning left at the same time you walk a few minutes along the road.
Then you see a crossroad and you should turn right.
Second, When you see a long road, you should go on the road till you see a gate.
After a few minutes, you will take the first corner turning on the right and you will up some footsteps.
After then, you should go on until you reach the end of the street and you will see some stones.
Therefore you turn right and you walk along the street.
On the both sides, you can see some trees and a garden.
At the last crossroad you should turn right.
Third, you should walk along the street after a few minutes you will see some classrooms in front of you.
You should choose our own classrooms.
That's all.
This is a long distance.
My school is wuzhongshixiao.
In my school,there are four floors.In first floor,there are eight classrooms.
There is a boy bathroom and a girl bathroom.
There are seven offices.In second floor,there are eight classrooms too.
There is a boy bathroom and a girl bathroom, seven offices too.
There is an Art room.In third floor.
There are eight classrooms.
There is a boy bathroom and a girl bathroom,seven offices.
In fourth floor.
There are nine classrooms.
There is a boy bathroom and a girl bathroom, seven offices.
jack is my new classmates,he is from america.
He wear glasses and his body plump.
But he very outgoing and humorous.
He is easy to get along with us.
He can speak chinese fluently.
We all like talking with him.
He is always ready to help others.
He likes playing beasketball.
He has much knowledge.
he always teaches english to me and i teaches chinese to him.
I hope him can take part in some school activities like art festival and sport meeting.
We often help each other with study.
Beside,we both think the same thing is funny.
we will get on well with him.
Genealogical research has new process with the help of the blood.
Blood cells consist of a great number of the DNA, which relates to your family history closely.
The scientists can tell you where you from and what your family history is after a few hours of gene testing.
The breakthrough is not only that, in the future, with the help of supercomputer, scientists will be able to create a matrix of all those genes and the historical data from the donated family trees, and then, they can focus on any spot in space and time, which means they can tell you where and when your grandmother was born after your question.
But this work cost a lot, not only money but also time, scientists must collect blood from all over the world.
In the end of this project, we can find that we're essentially one big family.
During our busy schooldays,taking about the fashion of the time is a good way to relax.The most to be mentioned is a reality talent TV show,which was first shown on Zhejiang Satellite TV.It attracts a large number of audience and makes an unexpected success.
This show was different from past shows,which impressed me most was one of its special sell points-blind auditions,where judges do not appreciate the performance of the singers face to face.The judges showed their interest in this vioce by turning their chairs.If more than one judge turns,contestant can choose which judge he/she would like to follow.
In my opinion,this show develops a new way of talent shows which makes the show anthentic,that's the reason why I appreciate it.Its sell points are not the singers' appearance,but the ability of singing so that it bring positive energy for us.
Nowadays, with the development of economy, more and more people would like to go out and look around the outside world.
Traveling on holidays has become a fashion in our state.
In my mind, only when you are actually in a place, you can really appreciate its exotic beauty and charming scenes.
Beautiful scenery, attractive tourist spots and splendid culture attract tourist from different parts of the world.
So there are many opportunities to promote exchange between people from different backgrounds.
It also furthers my knowledge and promotes mutual understanding between cultures.
In addition to this, it expands my scope of knowledge and enriches my life.
I like traveling, only in this way can we enrich our life experience and set up our confidence and strengthen our body in a way.
Becoming a government employees is more and more popular in recent years.But the civil service exam leads some serious result such as a man spend several years in studying,if he fails, he got nothing during this time even had a more heavy stress in life.
Such a problems can't be fixed immediately, but we can find the reason easily.First, this job can earn pretty much of money, although there some other works can make more than it, as a government employees, you can have the rights and interests more easily like you can eat an apple on the table at home.And the well-being can defeat any other company because the boss is our country and a country can't lose the credit.Second, many parents want their child got this job because they think it is good for their children's future.So, all of their child study very hard everyday for the civil service exam.But I don't think those people have their own thought, they even can't make a decision alone, because they can get answer from their parents.
The last and most important reason is becoming a government employees not only means a job, it also means some powers and identity.It seemed like a card, once someone get it, it will bring everything include wealth, appealing and other's admiring glances.
So, all of this benefit let people in China want to get this job.But in American, only a few people want to be a government employees, because they have lots of ways to live, they have their own thought, they have their own dream and they want to let it come true.
It is different between China and American.I think we should change our mind, we should have our own dream,and don't let the fame and wealth lead us.
Opportunities belong to those people who have been prepared perfectly.
Everything needs preparations, and saving money can prepare us, so it is essential and a good habit undoubtedly.
Saving money has many benefits.
The obvious one is that it can develop a good habit of frugality.
If we have the idea of saving money, we will not waste money in daily life.
Every time we buy something, we will consider their price.
We can learn how to control the amount of money we spend every day.
Another benefit is that saving money can relieve the heavy burden of our parents.
We receive pocket money from our parents each month because we do not have income from job.
You can save part of money from pocket money, and then you will ask for less money from our parents.
Last but not least, we can save money for a rainy day.
Some urgent situations cannot be avoided, we may need money someday, and pocket money can be used to solve problems.
We can find a sense of safety if we have enough money.
What's more, we can afford everything we like.
In conclusion, saving money is a good habit indeed.
We can benefit a lot from it.
It is better for us to develop this good habit.
We are going to talk about good ways to learn English.
Learning English just like learning any other language,is hard work.
So,we should always speak English in class and spend much time practicing English.
The first thing we should learn new words.speak the words remember them.we can learn some spelling rules.such as the rules of letter pronunciation.you should take notes in class and you can also read the new words to remember it you must listen to the teacher carefully in class why don't we try to find some English pen friend?
It's a good idea to spell and pronounce new words aloud every day or try to speak English as much as possible.
English stories are so interesting,get to know a lot of words to remember them.
Last weekend was so busy.
But I felt myself fulfilled and improved.
Since it was the first time for me to do dubbing for a movie, especially for the famous British movie Pride and Prejudice,as a result, this task greatly challenged me because I was not quite familiar with the elegant and noble British accent.Though confronting such difficulties, I was still ambitious and confident.
To start my work, I first saw the film several times.
I should admit that this film was so attractive, romantic as well as dramatic.Beautiful scenes, lingering affection as well as adequate dramatic conflicts all contributed to a fascinating film,which realized all the dreams and illusions a girl could have about affection.
It,thus,extremely aroused my great interest to see the deep structure of this film.
Furthermore,I was so absorbed that my feelings also went up and down with the characters.For example, I felt happy when Lizzie smiled while I felt sorrowful when Jane cried.I was,so to speak, crazy about it.
Understanding the individuality of Lizzie, the one I dubbed, was the essential step to complete a perfect work.
From my opinion, she was so charming.
When I talked of her, so many words popped into my mind.I could say that he was independent, foresighted, brave, self-esteemed and liberal.But my description was too pale to outline her figure.
It went without saying that she was an outstanding and unique female figure in that relatively conserved old age for that Lizzie wouldn't be trapped by money or power or anything related to the upper class,no matter how attractive and tempting these stuffs seemed to other girls.
What she really concerned was merely the true love, the pure and respectable love.
And that was why she could manage to find her true love in the end of the movie.
She was so shinny that I could barely take my eyes off her.All in all, she was close to my heart.
After understanding Lizzie's inner world, I tried hard to imitate her tone and accent.
She usually talked fast in low tone, seldom cheerfully.
When I was practicing, I found myself almost became Lizzie,calm and pride but also smart.
The outcome of my hard work was worthy of every effort I made.As the saying goes that no pains, no gains.
I strove to dub Lizzie, not expecting the gains to be so sweet and encouraging.
In the future, I do want to join in more dubbing project on account of that there are even more potential to be explored and more fun to be discovered.
It is universally acknowledged that using cellphones has become a very important part of our daily life.
With the improving of our living standard, nowadays, almost everyone can afford a cellphone However, there still debate about whether or not they belong in schools.
Students use them whenever they are, even in schools and classrooms.
Some one thinks it's a wonderful idea if students can use cellphones in classrooms.
To begin with, students can relax themselves by using cellphones when they get tired in stressful study.
Most importantly, students can use cellphones to find some information they need.
Only in this way, can students solve problems in a short time.
However, each coin has two sides, so some people frown on the idea.
For one thing, students can't control themselves well, when they want to play cellphones.
Worse still, using cellphones can deeply hurt students' eyes.
In a nutshell, each thing has both advantages and disadvantages.
We should consider more about doing some things we like but harmful.
As far as I'm concerned, the answer to this question is affirmative.
Maybe, it'a good way to use cellphones in classrooms, if students can control themselves well.
Nowadays, many graduates are chosen to work in the countryside in the future.
We tend to think that the career in the countryside doesn't have good conditions.
But, In recent years, the countryside is developing quickly.
Besides, there have fresh air and the clean conditions, apparently, the big city don't have those.
As for me, I think the work surroundings is very essential.In addition, College graduates are under the pressure of employment.
Open up the employment opportunities is significant.
They can easily find career in countryside than big cites.
For country, they also make contributions to economy of countryside to some extent.
The career in the countryside also gives graduates many valuable experiences and memories.
They are young, and need observe and learn from real life.
In conclusion, career choice is become more and more crucial for college graduates.
Everyone want to choose a better job.
Working in the countryside is a good career choose for many graduates.
Good afternoon, everyone!The topic of my speech is ''being a good partner''.
I think it is important to be a good partner for the following these reasons.First,we are situated in such a developing modern society.So we need learn how to form a partnership with others everytime.Second, in our daily life, working with a good partnerwe can save much time and energy.At the same time,we can help eavh other,and make progression together.So we must learn how to form a partnership.
Then let's talk abaot that how to be a good partner.Working with people who are fond of.We would be joyful and cheerful.During the work, we should partake in each other's joys and sorrows.Form a partnership with people who we don't like.We should be tolerant.We need to know our partner's advantages in order to learn from each other.
I believe if we do these we will be a goo partner and make a good development.
As we all know, first impressions are very important, so we must learn how to give others a good impression.
First, the clothes make the man.
You do not need to do this to wear expensive clothes, but it must be clean and tidy.
Second, the demeanor.
Remain optimistic, generous, easy-going, enthusiastic.
Finally, also the most important, take the initiative to interact with people, rather than waiting for someone to talk to you.
Take the initiative to introduce themselves, take the initiative to praise each other, take the initiative to care for each other.
If you give the other side a good first impression, then the distance of you will be shortened and the probability of to be friend will be higher.
We are what we read One is never too old to learn.
in their life.
Reading affects our characters and inherent.
Nowadays, many people are too busy to read books.
However, we shouldn't stop reading.
We can learn a lot from books.
Reading plays an increasingly important role in our life.
It can broaden our vision.
ourselves.
I disagree with the people who believe that the best way to learn is practice.
Though practice is necessary, reading is essential.
We must read first then we can know what to do.
We have dated a newer in our life from the reading of a book.
We began to read from a very young age, and we are improving ourselves from then on.
We learn the history from books then we can learn from the elders.
Whoever you are, whatever you do.
You are not supposed to stop reading.
Only by reading can you make progress.
To read more books, and then more successful you will be.
Most of us,as students, are careful with our money in daily life:we collect all kinds of coupons;we look for group-buy deals if we eat out or travel;we don't buy clothes unless in a sale.However,can all this make us smart consumers?
There is still some hesitation.
Collecting all kinds of coupons,it seems that there being less money to spend,whereas,haven't you perceived that the frequencies of your shopping sprees are soaring.In other words,you spend far more money on these seemingly cheaper brands actually.Thus, I would like to say that if we merely running after all these special offers,to some degree,can't make us smart consumers.To be smart consumers,we are required to attach much importance to quality.Never let sellers deceive your eyes and cloud your consciousness.It's better for us to keep a familiarity with our necessities as revealed in earlier contact with various trademarks.When buying a particular thing,we should not only be a passive participant with bargains,but also a combiner of suggestions, information and opinions.
Never run with the crowd and keep a balance between quality and quantity,you will find that every one of us can be a smart consumer.
A new year ,a new start,when I stand on the edge of a new year,I can't help thinking about my plan of next year.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China .At first,I will help my mother to put New Year scrolls on the wall for good fortune .Then,we will clean the house and do some shopping.Next morning ,I will put on my new cloths and go out to have fun.Our children like the festival very much ,because we can have delicious food and wear new clothes .I enjoy the Spring Festival ,during this time we can have a good rest .
From the picture,we can know that an old woman sat in front of the mirror alone.And she said because children wasn't at home,she felt lonely.It shows that the young give little concern to their parents nowadays because they have to go out to work.
Nowadays, in my opinion,the reasons why the aged people feel lonely is that they lack their children's company and concern.With the development of society,the young people have to work day by day because of the stress of life.They are always under great pressure that they don't have time to company with their parents.Many aged people only can gather with their children on some important holiday.Though the aged people don't lack money and their children give better life to them,they feel lonely at home.
As far as I am concerned,I know that my grandparents are lonely at home so I always call them and talk to them.In current society,we are always busy to work ,study and make money that we always overlook our family and friends.I think however we are busy we can't overlook our family and friends.Although we are busy with our things,we should give concern to them such as making a call often and going home usually.The aged people only need to you to talk to them often and company to them.What's more,we should go home to be with our family on important holiday.
Thanks for your emai.Let me tell you about my school day.
I usually get up at 6 o'clock.I have breakfast at a half past 6.I go to school by car.And the journey takes about 40 minutes.
The first lesson starts at half past seven.I have to study eight subjects.There are some interesting subjects,such as PE,Art and English.I like English very much and I think I will make progress with Ms Guo.
When I get home I do my homework at frist.Then I have dinner with my family.At weekends I also join in an after school activity.I think that is very funny and I like it very much.
Since it's common for teachers to evaluate students,nowadays,an increasing number of universities require students to evaluate their teachers,which on my view is of importance.
However,as a result of a recent research,some individuals object to this act completely.They think that as the advance of this evaluation,teachers will pay much attention on it,absolutely,this will decrease their academic focus.Additionally,some students may take the opportunity to retaliate some teachers that they prejudiced against all the time.And then,teachers will not be strict with students as that of before to avoid students'grudges.These will cause a bad effect on the harmonious relationship between teachers and students as well as their achievements.
Though those disadvantages seems to be reasonable,I need to stand back and stick to my own colours.I consider this evaluation as a great encouragement to teachers,as long as it can be carried out properly and strictly.
The Spring Festival is an important festival in China,like Christmas in Western countries.It tells us spring is coming and a new year begins.
When The Spring Festival approached,my parents were busy tidying up and going shopping.They bought new clothes and many delicious food for The Spring Festival.To welcome the new year,I helped my parents clean house.
During The Spring Festival,we wore new clothes and visited our relatives and friends.The old gave money to the young.I played games with my sister.How fantastic the Spring Festival was!
There is an old saying,"Pay your year in spring and your day at down.
"So I made a plan for the new year.I will do as my plan and make progress with my study!
As a freshman,I should learn many things,so the first summer vocation in the college,I went to black river city of heilongjiang province to begin my intership.
Hei river city has beautiful scene, especially surround my work place.Amusement park in the front of my work place, but there was few people, maybe the weather was very hot.
work.I needed to follow the leader to check boats,every morning,leader guide me to check boats,we must avid boats have forbidden things and stowaway.We should wear orange life jacket when we were checking.
But most of the time,I just sit in one place to keep stable environment.
Usually, in the morning and the number of the tourist is small and Tuesday to Sunday the number of tourist is large.
We will be very tired when it came in a large number of tourist.
Even though daily work was boring and it makes people tired.But I learn much from it.
From this intership,I learned a lot of things.
I know the work that I will be faced after three years.
I learned how to get alone with colleague and leaders.
I got the brave to face troubles.
Learning English is one of the most difficult yet most rewarding experience of our school life.As a college student,learning English is a very necessary course.I want to study English for different reasons.First of all,English is the most popular language in the world.So we must learn how to use it approprately.Secondly,we know the importance of English.As we know,an excellent skill in English equips the college students with good jobs.But in my opinion,learning English can also give me insights into another culture,and my mind will open to new ways of seeing things.Last but not least,the most important benefit is we can communicate with many more people than before.We can learn how to get long with others.Finally,I am able to reach out to others and bridge the gap between my language and culture and theirs.So learning English is our duty and we should try our best to do it.And I think I can make it.Yes,we can.
With the growing number of graduates, against job supply, the problem the graduates are faced with seems to be more serious.
Looking for the job catches a large number of graduates.
First,the graduates believe they have the abilities to do everything they want.They want to get high salary and choose to live in big city,rather than poor areas.Second,more and more students go to college,then they need jobs too,and there is an oversupply of graduates.
When comes to this problems,there are two aspects to solve.One hand,the government should take actions to provide more opportunities and inform the graduates where need them,then guide them how to do it.The other hand,graduates should develop their qualities which is more essential.Choose the suitable job is important too.
I think job problem is a big problem we will confront.We only can study hard and expand interpersonal relationships.Exercise eloquence is important too.Do not Position yourself too high,then the job problem you will not confront.
Today, I watch the Paddington bear.
I think it is very interesting.
The film also told us some the philosophy of life.
It has a lot of education significance.
When it's hometown met with the earthquake.
Aunt Lucy told it to go to London for the adventurer.
It went to London alone.
When it was in London train station courteous to everyone, but no one ignore it.
However, the greens took it in.
Although the Paddington bear their home a mess, they still put it as a member of the family.
Finally their happy life together.
I think, we should also like to treat others as a kind of green.
Now,As we all know, It is difficult for us to look for a job in today's society.There are more and more college students.But there are not enough jobs for us.Then what can I do to brace for the future job.
Firstly,we should gain a lot of knowledge at school,then we will can accept more advantages than others.Secondly,we should act a part-time job when we stay in school,so we can accmulate work experiences.Lastly,we should make many friends,then we will set the bridge to success.
So,I will study hard,do many part-time jobs,and make more and more friends.I confide if I can do those,I will come up with more jobs than others.We must know success is for the man who prepare for the future.
Black six month had gone,I arrived at this university with great expectation.
When I saw the university's gate where my new college life would begin,there was a song in my heart and chere on my face.
Everything on campus appeared particularly bright and fresh.I dreamt on my futures and told my pasts with my new roommates.
Most of the freshmen have difficult adjusting to university life there,so do I.But I should learn to overcome any possible trouble,because going to university requires more self-reliance than going to high school.
These days were filled with wonderful discoveries:new friends,courses,instructors,responsibilities and impression about the college's life.I wandered the campus searching for my classes,experiencing the usual freshmen disorientation.For a freshman,studying in college is a fresh but sweaty-palm life experience.Besides a student has to develop better study habits and has an ability to think out for themselves.
School is a microcosm of society.So I expect to have a colorful life in four years.
With the development of the network technology,as we all know,the blog becomes popular and popular,and some citizens express their ideas and exchange them with others.
In my opinion,there are three mian reasons for the popularity of blog.First of all, blog just the same as our diary,and everyone,of cause whenever and wherever,can write what we have looked,what we have seen and what we think expediently, .In addition,we can express our ideas more secretly,obviously,not illegal speech,because no one can recognize who you are and your real name.What's more,we can find our bosom friend who agree with us or our ideas.
However we can't deny that there are still many problems about the blog.Jsut as I mentioned just now,some people deliver illegal speech on the blog take the full advantage of the secret of blog.
What's make condition worse,some people make the incorrect statement.And as a result rumours born.
So, as a citizen,we need use the blog properly.
When it comes to education,maybe the different person holds different opinions;however,it is absolutely not that education simply mean learning to obtain information.
There are numerous factors accounting for the phenomenon mentioned above,but the following might be the critical ones.
First and foremost, the benefit of education is not only teaching us how to obtain new knowledge,but teaching us how to think and be a better human.
Besides,we can take in something which we never contacted by using the methods we have learned from education.
Last but not least,education makes sure that all our children could share in the knowledge accumulated during the past centuries.
Apparently enough,we have numerous justifications to maintain that simply ingesting how to obtain information is not education.
Certainly,nobody can disclaim the significant of using internet to obtain information.
Conversely,online studying is attaining increasing popularity recently and it promises to be further imbedded into our daily life.For us,there is nothing more crucial than making best use of it and simultaneously we should never be slaves of it.
Canada's Bay of Fundy tides of the world's largest home, where every day there are more than 100 billion tons and 270 kilometers of seawater gathered here.
The sea has tremendous energy, which is due to the moon's gravity caused by the powerful.
And we can put the energy generated by these waters for our lives.
People through the establishment of dams and reservoirs, etc.
accumulated huge amount of water, and the establishment of a large number of turbine generator set, carrying a lot of water when the tide through the dam when the water will have a high-speed movement to promote hydro power group operation then the generator will produce a lot of power, continuous supply for human use.
According to the World Energy Council, said the Bay of Fundy power plant capable of producing 17,000 gigawatt hours of energy per year.
In addition to some of the Bay of Fundy, as well as France's Brittany, Ann Hill in Korea, the White Sea in Russia, and the United Kingdom, Norway, the United States and other countries are using the tides to create energy.
While this is an environmentally friendly activity, but also produced some ecological problems.
Construction of these dams affected the living conditions of wading birds, and even affect their reproduction, harm to biodiversity.
So some people began to resist such a way to get energy while, we are working to change this thing, put forward a variety of program planning to avoid these hazards.
I personally believe that the use of tidal energy is a good thing to get,tidal energy is a gift of nature.Although this behavior caused some impact on the natural, but I believe,In the future, people will live in harmony with nature finally.
Nowadays,online shopping becomes more and more popular.Many people like doing online shopping instead of going outside.Though it has become a fashion trend to do online shopping,we still face into many troubles.
As we all know,if we do online shopping,it is very convenient.We can save our time and money and find all kinds of clothes on the Internet.Besides,we can compare the things that we want to buy with that in different shops and choose the best one.The major advantage is that we can make purchase of things on the computer much cheaper than in the shopping mall.However,online shopping also has many disadvantages.For example,sometimes we need to worry about the quality of clothes,the shelf life of foods and the speed of delivery.If too many fakes instead of quality goods ,it will be a big problem and cause a lot of waste.
In my opinion,we must learn how to make it possible to enjoy the benefits while avoiding the drawbacks and what should we do.We should see the valuation of the things if we want to buy them and research whether the things have good valuation.So,let's be careful when we do online shopping.
Eat noodles,meat,rice,vegetables and fruit,not hamburger.
Noodles,meat,rice,vegetables and fruit are healthy food,but too much meat is not good for our health.
Hamburgers and ice cream are unhealthy food.
Lots of hamburgers and ice cream can get fat.
Drink water,milk,juice and tea,not cola.
Cola is bad for our health.
Nowadays,the phenomenon of environmental pollution in lots of big cities is obviously serious,air quality becomes worse and worse.The reasons were that cars as well as factories let poisonous gases out,and the forest had been cut immoderately.As we all know,if we breathe in harmful things,it will lead to various diseases which do harm to our health such as lung cancer.It is advised that the government should control the quantity of cars while banning works from pouring pollutant.What's more,to citizens,going out on foot or by bus must be better choices.
Tomorrow my foreign friend John is coming to visit my campus.
I plan to take him to see my dormitory area, which is the most interesting place.
Y dormitory area is in the extreme west of the campus, include 7 dormitory buildings and 1 canteen.
Coming in from the west gate, you will see a high-rise building standing on the left.
This is the highest apartment.
Between it and T River, a small square is a secret place I found.
You can have fun with friends here.
The other 6 dormitory buildings are on your right side.
Two of them are girl's apartments.
Three of them are boy's apartments.
The last one lived both boys and girls.
At the back of my apartment, there is a small park full of plants.
This is one good place for reading in the morning.
Going across these apartments and passing a fountain, a three-layer-building appears in front of you.
This is the well-known Y Grand Hotel, contains canteen, gymnasium, table tennis hall and bookstore at a suit.
Peng Yuan dormitory area is the most interesting and multifunctional place on campus in my opinion.
A website has conduct a survey about the way that students usually use to communicate with each other.
The survey showed that the most common way is using phones to make a phone call or send a text message.
Many students think that using their cellphones is more easy while I believe that it has its disadvantages.
First of all, using their cellphones to communicate with each other may let students more antisocial.
Students are getting accustomed to using their phones instead of talking to their friends face to face.
They always look down on their phones, redacting their words by a short message.
Besides, using cellphones may also make students feel more lonely.
I love sending short messages too, so I understand the feeling that when you leave your phone at someplace you will feel anxious and despairing.
Students nowadays rely too much on their phones.
For all the above, we can come to the conclusion that communicating with each other by cellphone actually does harm for students.
The best way of communication is to face to face.
Different people have quite different views on study in groups.
Some students are in favor of the groups learning.
However, other students not agree on the way.
Those whom hold the first opinion think that study in groups.
In their view, study in groups not only provide a good chance of learning, but also can reduce introvert students' shy.
The learning of divide into groups can form good study habits and improve most students'grade.It teaches us the ability of the cooperative.
The other view is not in favor of the method, they are accustomed to autonomic learning and the speed with which things are learned is able to slowly.
As far as I am concerned, I agree that the first view.
I think it can improve the ability of the cooperative exchanges.And let's stay the most precious gift to each other.Moreover,it can improve our interest in study Englist.
More than two years in junior school,I met many people.
But I best like my friend Cheng Zimeng.
She is kind-hearted and helpful etc.
I often play with her.
She always helps me to improve my bad habits.
I am very grumpy.
Her suggestion is that I should stay calm.she is very queer.
The idea that she gave surprises many people.
I think I will unforgettable the day when we first meet.
She across the half playground smiled at me.
She likes laughing and she laughs good looking.
I really like her,I hope we will be friends forever.
Every year hundreds of thousands of people in china take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.Nowday the civil service exams have been one of china's most competitie tests why?
Some people think that civil servant is a good position.
It make people feel very with a sense of accomplishment.
Some people think that the civil servant has a good treatment.
For example, the goverment has many subsidy to the civil servant.
some parents hope their children to be a civil servant.
in my opinion, the civil servant is a good job.
especially, it is a relainely stable job for the woman .
it is important for the woman to have a job as a civil servant.
i think that i will go to attend civil servant exam.
My name is S and the English name is Rainy.I come from P.I think I am special.
Because sometimes I will stay at home all day and sometimes I will hang out with my friends aLKEll day.I like reading novels very much,especially the loving story.And my favorite music is pop music.My motto is: look before you leap.My favorite color is blue.But I like wearing in black and white.
There are six people in my family,my mum,my dad,my brother,my grandparents and me.I also like going shopping and watching soap operas.I like ice-cream very much,but I cannot eat too much.I have a dream that is I can travel all over the world with my parents.I want to become a good translator.In college,I want to make more friends and learn what I want.I join many societies,such as the Guitar Club and so on.And I must put more attention to spoken English.I believe I will have a colorful life here.
There was a man who has no house, shoes, even one-piece dress and all his behaviors were like wild animals.
Most people deemed he was a mad beggar but in reality he was a shrewd man who is the founder of the creed called Cynicism whose name was Diogenes.
He was beyond human view of the world and paid the practice of his idea which needs courage and belief.
In my heart, he was a great philosopher in numerous areas and also a pure human.
In history, many people have great wisdom but they are disdain money and wealth just like Diogenes.
For example, Qi baishi who only focuses on his painting career when his house is leak and he was frequently has a loving chat with animals, and Nietzsche, Van gogh, they all independent that all have their own world views.
I have some viewpoints to these people's character are worthy of our learning.
First of all we should concentrate on our studies to get into studies and make the mind open then find direction in own life.
Second, as a pure man to close to nature and has a calm heart.
The last and the important, own your own idea, walk your own road and make the wisdom be colourful.
Maybe we can't do as well as a great man but at least far away from the dirt.
What I want to say is as far as possible do a pure man.
From the picture above, we could see that an empolyee hands on a piece of paper to his boss and waits his reply.
But his boss says that" your proposal is innovative, unfortunately, we will not be able to use it because we are never tried something like this before.
The man seems upset and has no other words to say back.
In mordern soceity, this case often happens in our daily life, faced with such situation--our original idea is refused by someone just because of worry, fear and uncertainty, we sometimes feel helpless and despair.
Anyhow, our world needs creativity and innovation, so we should keep with this great quality and make our country more powerful and competitive.
Great men often have some ideas differs from other people, such as the famous scientist--Newton, once an apple fell off the tree and hit him, he was not angry and furious, instead he was confused and intrested about the gravity of goods.
With his had work and persistence, he gradually made this myth clear and worked out the result.
Of course, on his way of studying, he had met questions and disagreement, but he insisted on his idea and followed his inner sense, finally he became a perfect physician and was famous all over the world.
In our country, there are many great writers like LuXun, who was first a doctor but China needed him to wake up, so he gave up medicine and choose to hold up a pen.
He turned to literature and decided to make our country stronger with his wisdom.
He wrote so many essays and passages in order to fight with the invaders.
No other people in our history has the story like him, he must had great comtemptation before he made this decision.
Regardless of laughter and hesitation, he made himself an example and eventually influence the later generation.
company could not make success without tecnique innovation; universities could not educate talents without academic innovation; countries could not become independent without military innovation.
We are afraid of changes and new things.
We are satisfied with what we alreay have and stop to walk on.
The world is developing very fast and waits nobody, only by continued creation and innovation can we experience more novelty and prosperity.
I was sure that you do hear of her for the Diving Queen.
It was very painful.
Then I'll tell you about that.
Guo Jingjing began to dive when she was 5 years old, then she practiced it day by day, because she wanted to be the champion on the Olympic Games.
She made more and more efforts to move to her dream.
It was so lucky for her that ten years later she got a chance to represent our Country to take part in the Olympic Games.
She wanted to make herself famous as the best athlete.
But it was opposite that she failed.
After the complement she felt so sad.She began to doubt herself, and she wanted to let it go.
But her parents supported her and encourage her to regain her nerve to strive for her dream.
Then she stands up.But the fate gave her some setbacks on her way of recovering from the sadness.Not only her leg was broken, but also her eyes off.She was struck in sadness.
But she was supported by her dream.
She worked out regularly to make her leg and eyes recover quickly.
So, fortunately she recovered from the disease.
And then she continued to practice her diving skills.
After 11 years of waiting, she got the chance of taking part in the 2004 Athens' Olympic Games.She won the game by using her own skills.
She completely realized her dream that she wanted to be the champion.
Draw a conclusion that all successful people have their own story.
They all meet many setbacks on their way to success, but they all insist to their dream.
So,if we want to be triumphant , we should make our dream clearly and strive for it.
It is commonly known that there are a lot of poor areas around the world and the conditions of these poor areas are always under great concern of the whole society.
When we talk about the poor areas, we never forget to discuss the reasons why they are living in poverty.
The first is the natural reasons, including geographical position and natural resources.
Some areas are natural isolated from other places.
These areas are surrounded by hills and people are hard to get out of the area.
They have difficulty in exporting their local products to other areas.
Not only do they have difficulty in developing the economy of local areas, but also they have less communication with the other areas.
Consequently, they are unable to get the latest technology in various aspects of their lives, especially in industry.
As for natural resources, some areas are lack of the resources, like water, which is quiet crucial to the production of industry and agriculture.
The second reason is related to the society, for example, the government and quality of the local people.
More often than not, the governments of the poor area do not have a well-planned arrangement for the development of the poor areas.
The government doesn't devote enough money to develop local education system.
What's more, they failed to construct more roads to get connected with the outside.
Probably they don't take advantages of the natural resource at that area which may be helpful to the development the areas.
And sometimes the local people lack the spirits to fight to change their situation.
As a conclusion, both the natural and human elements account for the poverty of some areas.
It is impossible for us to change the former.
However, we can make a change to these poor areas by having an all-rounded realization of the advantages and disadvantages of these poor areas.
By doing so can we work out a way to help these areas get out of poverty.
Daming made a plan of his holiday.This is the plan: At half past eight, get up and wash himself.
At a quarter to nine, have healthy breakfast.
From nine to half past ten, do homework carefully.
From half past ten to half past eleven, do excercises at the park.
At twelve o'clock, have delicious lunch.
From thirteen to fifteen, have computer lesson or English lesson.
From sixteen to eighteen, read many kinds of books.
At half past eighteen, have a little dinner.
From nineteen to twenty, search for some information on the Internet or watch TV program which he likes.
Form half past twenty to twenty-one o'clock, put things away.
At half past twenty-one, go to bed.
Daming's plan is very good for his health.
It makes him get up and go to bed early, and eat good.
It also makes him strong and learn a lot of knowledge, it's very good for his study.
Love is a warm word and father is a scared call.
Father's love likes the mountain.
As the times goes on, some of thing become unclear, but the influence that my father gives me will be unforgettable forever.
My father laid a solid foundation for my growth.
In my childhood, my father often told me something that facing the difficulties, I can't choose to yield or cower without making any efforts.
If I had chosen give up, I would have no chance to achieve the success in the future.
I must try my best to strengthen my combatant spirit.
Only in this way can I get what I intent to obtain.
It is undeniable that my father has an important effect on my life.
Compared with other young people, I have more combatant spirit than them when facing the difficulties.
Thank you for everything that my father has done for me in the last twenty years.
"Father, I love you".
Maybe I never say this words to you face to face, but I always say silently in my heart.
One day,there was a boy wearing a hat wanted to buy a lot of things.He had only five hundred dollars,but he wanted to buy food and toys,such as french fries,an airplane,ice cream and candy.
Today,he took his money which prepares to outside to buy him to want to buy.Suddenly,he saw an old woman who sat on the Street and her clothes was very dirty and old.He was sympathetic,immediately,he thought he had five hundred dollars,so he gave her some money.The old woman was very grateful,actually,she was born in a wealthy family,she just got lost.when her family found her,and she told her family all things.The boy originally just could buy few things,now because of his kind-hearted,he can buy every he wants.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sell meat to a woman, but the butcher order water into the meat, and the woman's 100-yuan is not true.
In our daily life, we can see much similar coincidence happening among colleagues, classmates and even friends sometimes.
Some people think it for granted that they should trick the people into buying something in order to earn more money, even though it is not right and may make fault, but they are insist on playing tricks.
Dormitories on campus were reported to be broken into and burglaries happened regularly.
It is high time that we, students and universities, took measures to step this situation.
Thus, the students and universities have a hot discussion about what they should do.
After the discussion, several stepson were taken to improve the situation.
First, students should keep their personal and valuable things locked.
It is the most effective way to protect our goods.
Second, the controller of the dormitory is required to keep careful about people who enter into or leave the dormitory, which can help us find out who did the burglaries.
Third, universities will buy some equipments to help to govern the dormitory.
Students and universities firmly believe that with these stepson taken, the situation will be improved immediately.
Students will live a peaceful life on campus.
Everybody had failing time .nobady in addition .because life is colorful .do you enjoy your life when you in trouble ?
At once time sorrow and disappointed stay with me when i lose in my exam .just like nobody around your world .and a drowning man struggle in the water .examination made someone happy and another was sad .but nobody will always fail.like nobody will always have good luck .
Fight with failure is a difficult thing.but i think is a worthy things.because fail will make you become more stronger .and in the next time you won't make same mistakes .
sure .it's same for exam .failure is the mother of success .
Never say never .you need believe yourself you can do anything what you want .don't hesitate.
if you really effort you will got don't care another eyes .failure isn't the most terrible thing .if you can learn some benefit thing for you.
A strong coward .never be a loser !
Get up and wash at half past eight.Have a healthy breakfast at a quarter to nine.He well do his homework carefully from nine to half past ten,and then do exercise in the park for two hours at half past ten.At twelve o'clock,he have a great lunch.In the afternoon,from one to three,have computer class or English class.Have a rest for one hour.Read all kinds of books from four to six.Eat a bit of supper at six thirty.He want to search for the information on the internet or watch the TV programme what he likes from seven in the evening.Put away things at eight thirty.Finely,at half past nine,go to bed.
I think this plan is very good.Everyday is rich.It's a perfect time table.
Some people think that if we help the people who is in trouble and in the end we may not take a good result and take trouble to ourselves.But some people don't think so ,they believe that if we help other people ,we can make a better society,because all for one and one for all.
But for me,I think we should help other people.When a people in trouble ,the people most want someone can help him.If we can help him ,he most can solve the probiem .But ,if nobody help him ,the problem may get more and more terrible.This is not a good idea.
And I think help other people can make a new friend .
So ,when someone is in trouble ,just help him.
Several weeks ago in a late afternoon my politics teacher was talking about contemporary history in China as usual.And during the class a small story somehow occurred to him.
It was several decades ago and my teacher was walking across a road.Then for some reason cars began slowing down and even stopped.At that time he was much younger and healthier.Thus he looked around-a policeman was at work and an old man was doddering across the broad road.
Every time when I hear about such stories deep in my heart will soon be filled with warmness.It is apparent that with such small acts of kindness benefitting from it are not only those who are helped,but also those living around who will be gradually influenced and learn to offer more care for others,whereby the community will be more harmonious.
There are various small acts of kindness.Perhaps the most well-known way is to leave your seat for the old when on the bus.And to hold the door for others behind you might be equally a fine choice if you don't use public transport system frequently.Besides in the campus to clean the blackboard before a class is also worth your try.
Everyone has school day .now,let us tell you solmething about my school day.In my school day,i always get up ata half past five in the morning and i go to school at a half past six.we usual have chinese class ,math class,english class ,physics class ,chemistry class to learn.And my favourite subject is chemisry because i think it very interesting and we can know many exciting things .i do not like history class ,because it have to many things to bear,i go home by bus and do my homework at a half past seven .After school ,we have many activties ,such as tennis ,basketball,volleyball....every activities are exciting .i go to bed at ten o clock after i finish my homework .This is my school day.
To be grateful is a fine tradition of our nation, is a person of integrity at least moral character.
First,thank our parents, because everyone's life is a continuation of the parents, all of the parents gave us love.
Therefore, we would like to thank the parents.
Teachers are our growth guide.
Their words and deeds, let us benefit for life, we pay for teachers efforts and sweat, we should thank our teachers.
The motherland is our roots, our source.
We should be thankful to the motherland.
I think we should even be grateful to life whenever we are unsuccessful or unlucky.
Only by doing this can we find our weakness and shortcomings when we fail.
We can also get relief and warmth when we are unlucky.
This can help us find our courage to overcome the difficulties we may face, and receive great impetus to move on.
We should treat our frustration and misfortune in our life in the other way just as President Roosevelt did.
We should be grateful all the time and keep having a healthy attitude to our life forever, keep having perfect characters and enterprising spirit.
Being grateful is not only a kind of comfort, not an escape from life and nor thinking of winning in spirit like Ah Q.
Being grateful is a way to sing for our life which comes just from our love and hope.
Being grateful can bring us a better and more beautiful life.
I know you are interested in music , so I'm sure you'll be interested in concert.
Recently, I got two concert tickets and I want to invite you to the concert.The concert which hold by famous star----LEE is marvelous.I believe that you will enjoy this rare concert.
The concert begins at 7:30,tomorrow.
Hello everyone,my name is X.Few days ago,I went to my Senior School, the No.
 High School.The first day at my new school is very exciting ang strange.
This school is very beautiful and there are many trees and flowers on the road.There are so many high buildings and a large playground for teachers and students to work,study and do exercise.
My new classmates are very friendly and I think I can make friends with them soon.The teschers are also friendly,they are also enthusiastic and humorous.Their mathods of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High School and I think these mathods are useful and helpful for our study.General Technology is a new subject and I think it's a little boring.
I like the No.
 High School and I believe that I can obtain more knowledge at this great school in the theer years.
Now it's very important for us to share good ideas with others.
Lastweek our teacher gave us a difficult problem.
We can't finish it by ourselves.
My classmate didn't finish it too.
So we took together and I shared my idea with then.
They think it's very important.
In the end we finish writing the problem.
We feel very happy.
If you share your idea with others you can do something better, and you will feel very happy after that.
Nowadays,college life is much more different from that in 1960s.
On the one hand, in the past,clashes between the establishment and students was violent.As a result,the passion always gave rise to protests.However,in nowadays,if we launch protects,it might be a strange activity.The change in itself is the appearance of the reformation of social system.After all,as long as issues spread all over the world,people will not believe or be kind to each other,the opportunities of employment will descend,so and so forth,economy of a country will slump.
On the other hand,we can contact with our family casually today.In this era,advanced knowledge has changed the era,we are supposed to assert that in spite of the distance between our family and we students,we can communicate with each other umbilically.Gone are the days when students rang home only once or twice a term.While advanced knowledge shrinks the gap between students and family,it can also bring about profound issues.In former days,students chanted and played with each other face to face,as a result,their relationship was close,today oppositely,college students wallow in computer games and communicates between students is in descending order,which is the most important thing to be changed today.
With the development of technology and conputers,many people like to go shopping online.
Someone think online shopping very perfect,because they can go a bound of shops online.They can find more goods .Other think they maybe not find the fit things .
Now the development is so quick.
In my opinion in the future, our house will become bigger and beautiful.
What's more house can move everywhere.
We can travel all over the world by the house.
Maybe we can live in the sea or underground.
Besides all the furniture is machine and the housework will be relaxed.
And the traffic will be convenient.
I think I will take the spaceships go everywhere even mark in the future.
Then in my imagination I will become a billionaire.
I will enjoy a happy life.
I will go everwhere in the world.
In the future I will have a family and we will live a happy and relaxed life.
As is shown in the research, instead of finishing their homework themselves, many college students just copy online, which was seen as academic dishonesty.
And never before in China history, has the issue of academic dishonesty been so serious.
In my opinion, it is high time we put it to the end, and the reasons are as follows.
On the one hand, students who plagiarize from internent will lose thire thinking capability and trusting of people, and eventually will end up ruining themselves' lives.
Just as ancients said, what you done by night appears by day.
Because someone can't fool all of people all the time, provided he really has ability.
On the other hand, the university's credibility and reputation will be damaged once the academic fraud serious enough.
To make things worse, it may affect the other students who are in the same school in their future job hunting.
Since academic dishonesty benefits on one, every school should attempt every means of them to prevent it .All school members should make joint efforts to improve the academic environment.
To begin with, school should establish institution or a punishment system for academic dishonesty.
In addition, teachers should build up good examples and provide better gudiance for students.
Finally, students should do thire upmost to improve thire academic ethic awareness and to obey the requirements.
Now many pretty girls though without strong ability can still find a very good job, so some people conclude that appearance is more important than capability.
From my point of view.I don't agree this view.
Good looks is attractive, but ability is more important.
As an old saying goes,"As a man cannot be known by his looks, so can the sea not be measured by a bushel".
Reasons are as follows.Firstly,a good appearance will grow old in the future , in contrast, ability not only won't disappear, but also is more and more strong.
Secondly, through your ability to achieve a goal, you will feel a sense of achievement.
Those who with good appearance to achieve a goal can not feel this sense.
What's more, the feeling proves that you value of yourself.
Maybe sometimes a beautiful face can help a girl acquire a good position, but in the long run it doesn't mean you are successful.
Therefore, those without good appearance needn't feel unhappy because one's success is built on the capability of the foundation.
Gold always will shine.
So a person's capability is the most important.
In recent years,the food safety problem is becoming more and more serious.Food safety issues has brought a lot of negative influence to society and our lives.For example,some restaurants employ the cooking oil to cook.
Some people drink the milk that has been contaminated.And the news often reports that chemical additives found in foods and drinks.
It has a lot of harmful effects for our bodies.
Nowadays a lot of people have lost their confidence in the food.
From these incidents,we can see that there are still more things to be done.
First,the government should set up a department to ensure the safety of food,and punishment of illegal businesses in accordance with the law.Second,as for the producers,it is very important for them to be honest.Third,the most important point,we must learn more knowledge about the food safety .So let us petition all the people to focus on the food safety problem.I believe the problem will be fixed soon.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.Our question was about studying by themselves,watching TV or listening to music,playing computer games or surfing,helping with housework and exercising.We all know that it is popular to relax by watching TV or playing computer games,but we were surprised that forty percent of them study by themselves.I think it is good to study by themselves for most students,because there are so many tests for them.Then we also find out something serious-there were only ten percent of them help with housework and only five percent exercise!Although study by themselves is good,we should also help with housework and do some exercises.
I have a happy and comfortable life in my winter holiday.First,I go shopping with my parents.We purchase some sweets,cookies and fruits.Then,I and my good friends to go up the mountains.
The Spring Festival is arriving.I am extreme excited.I wear a red uniform,red trousers and a couple of red shoes.I get some lucky money from my parents and we go to visit our relatives.Then,we be present at a banquet together.I am intense satisfied.
I still remember a moment that touched me most is when I watched a movie called The Legend of 1900.
The movie tells a story that on 1st January 1900, ship crew Danni picked up an abandoned baby on the piano inside the hall of the ship he worked, and he named this baby 1900.
Then 1900 grew up happily under the scrupulous care of Danni and his colleagues.
One day 1900 came to a hall by chance and he saw the piano for the first time.
That glance began his own legend and made him well-known worldwide.
He lived all his life on the boat and never dared to get out of the boat for he feared that he could not get along very well with people and the new environment outside.
Even the boat was planned to explode and his best friend tried to persuade him again and again to get off the boat, he insisted on his determination vanishing with the boat.
So when the picture turned to his gloomy and adamantine face, tears swept unconsciously from my eyes.
I still remember one sentence in the movie, "life is like the passengers on the boat, getting in aboard and getting off again, in this sequence".
To 1900, there is nothing more about life.
He lived on the sea all life, but he had looked through all the honor, loneness, gain and fall of life among the men on the land around.
So I admired him for his sturdy love to the boat, devoting all his life within.
I have never thought about this question...book,or experience.
Book was a very useful tool that was include all the knowledge you will learn in the future.You can just stay at home,sit on the chair,and read a book for a day without someone bored you...maybe library is a good place.
Read books maybe just a good way for some students that don't like talk too much,they spend a lot of time with books,so their results will have a great improve.
But well,I am not very like reading.I like vacation,I like travell and see the sights.You can go to visit some famous buildings.You can not only see the picture,you can see that just in front of you!Take some pictures as the keepsake.And maybe you can visit the local museum and learn more knowledge if you are a history buffs.This will be better than just stay at home and get nothing to do except reading.Go out and enjoy the happy time in you personal experience.
Summary:Everyone has their own good way for improve his study,so both of knowledge and personal experience are very good way for improve our study.So what I thought is:I will choose both of them.
Our side has been going on love story,but some of the story is that we will never be able to forget.I never thought an unrelated people can give me so much care.She helped me I'll never forget.
She was my high school at the same table.We sat together on the first day,I think we may be very difficult to get along with.Because I am a very relaxed person,and she feels to the person very strict.Of course, many of my shortcomings no less by her lessons.For example, in the morning study late, wear slippers to school,Often have no homework.For these things I have no less quarreling with her even said some unpleasant words.But she didn't and I quarrel.Gradually let me feel her to my deskmate care deeply.With her help I gradually to correct these bad habits.Culture also results in her help to provide a lot of.
For helping me with my her is much less time.I asked her why she,she told me that because he is my deskmate.I am deeply touched,The love between friends is very great.
In recent years, the domestic food security issues worrying.For example:illegal cooking oil,tainted milk,chemical additives,pesticide pollution,and so on.Food security for society and people life to bring bad influence,Perhaps,Causing social instability and Brings to people life problem,If you want to improve food safety awareness must be behind the rules.The first,To develop good health habits.Second,Don't go undocumented, unlicensed stalls to buy food.Third,To select safe, sanitary of Restaurant.Do this three rule.
You don't have to worry about food safety issues.
In our school,students all want to get a good grade, so the way of learning is very important.
everyone has his or her own favorite way of learning.well ,I use to be it that I try my best to use the spare time to study sometion that interesting about the class and solve some problumes.
For example,I like watching action movies ,so I can watching some English action movies,or listening English songs,they can improve my English listening.
I also like reading story books,it is so funny that I can relax my self and well for my writing.
