If one learner only learns to recite words, then what he can do is just to recite words.
He can not make sentences, either.
It is because that he cannot think, so he cannot realize that he should link the words into sentences.
Those kinds of students who learn to remember is just like assembly line, what they are able to do is just repeat and memorize.
They can never explore their potential and inner power.
On the other hand, learning to think is a process to cultivate logic.
Logic is momentous to ones learning and living.
The students who can learn to think can have clear mind and clear logic.
Clear logic is helpful to learn and live orderly.
And a logical mind must be possessed of high-efficient learning ability.
So learning to understand ideas is of great significance.
Thus, based on the above reasons and statements.
It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts.
Only if one can learn to understand ideas can he do well in learning facts.
Love is a kind of emotion which existing in human beings or even between animals.
We live without love.
Love can be expressed out.
A lovely smile, a big hug, a sweet kiss, a warm word- can show love directly.
Parents hunted for a job hardly in order to afford the expenses we need at school.
Teachers tried their best to raise their voice to make every students heard only for teaching knowledge.
Classmates gave you encouragement when you feel lost or failed exam, and make you out of trouble.
Or even, a hen spreaded the wings to protect their babies from cat's attack.
Love can be felt in many different ways.
When we learned that China held a successful Olympic Games, we felt proud, because we love our motherland.
When we came back hometown after many years, the great change happen in it, we may fell a sense of happiness.
When we get lost in the forest, a stranger give us the right way, we feel we are so luck.
Between animals, female dog can feel male dog's love with smelling.
In a word, love exists everywhere and can be felt all the time.
Some people have a good reputation when he was born, but he doesn't need to do something to have a reputation.
Someone has a good reputation,he can go with head high and chest out;has no reputation,he can hardly to live.
Yes, reputation in heart of the people now, the position already had no doubt.
Nowadays some people often look at each other's reputation.
In fact, this is wrong.
People's hearts are eager to get the respect of others for their evaluation by others, and get a good reputation.
Only you respect others to win respect, you will get a good reputation.
Your respect for others is not only to respect others but also yourself, because respect others can make register profound respect for you.
You also get a good reputation.
In order to get a good reputation, you need to respect others, try to help everyone, and treat everyone with enthusiasm.
Don't want to show yourself too much, often give other people a chance to show, and read more books to improve your own quality.
The sense of life usually to get more consideration for others, and improve personal accomplishment.
There was a boy named Monty Rpberts,when he was a senior,he was asked to write a paper about dream,Monty's dream was to have a their own ranch.when he handed his paper in to his teacher,his teacher gave he a larg red F,because he thought Monty's dream was an unrealistic dream ,and asked Monty to rewrite it,but Monty determine to follow his dream.As a result,his dream came true,and his teacher regreted to steal many kids' dream.This story tell us a moral that one of us should keep his dream ,our dream will come true one day as long aswe have the determination.
We shouldn't keep animals in zoos.
Freedom is the most important thing for human beings or animals.
All the people don't like the life of a small space, even the animals.
Animals like living in the wild because they can enjoy the natural life.
They can go anywhere they want or do anything they like.
Without any rules on them, they live more happier.
But if they are put in a cage, the life of them will be more different.
It's cruel for humans to make animals keep off a free life.
They also need freedom.
But the life in the wild is so dangerous that we should do something for them.
People should stop hunting or polluting the forest to protect the animals.
Let's try our best to help them.
In the process of pursuing our dreams,most of us hope that there would be fewer obstacles.However,obstacles are what motivate us to keep up.
Apparently,closed doors cut off our thoughts.But if we think carefully,it will take on a new look.While we meet difficulties,we can't be hopeless.Because it just means this way is wrong,we can still take another measures to solve the problem.Actually,when we are under great pressure,our creative potential can be developed.For example,Edison looked for thousands of materials to serve as filament,after trials and errors,he finally found tungsten.Faced with so many failures,he never gave up.Instead,his inspiration came flowing.In all,closed doors force us to exploit a new world.
Every coin has two sides.Although closed doors can prevent us from observing things thoroughly,we can think about as many aspects as possible to handle this.Closed doors make us broaden our horizon to be more creative.
Today,we watched the movie 'The Princess Diaries',I really enjoy this movie,because from the movie I take in a lot.
Mia is the princess of the country,her grandmother Queen Clansse really wish her to be the princess,but Mia doesn't intend to be,she just wants to be a common girl.If I am her,I think being a princess isn't a good thing.If you are a princess,you have to allow so many rules.
You can't do things you love to do.And you should meet a lot of reporters,a lot of national governments,you don't have any free time to do the things you like.This is very annoying.Many people walk behind you and ask you too many questions,sometimes some of these may make you feet embarrassed,and you don't know how to answer them appropriate.You even can't have personal secrets.Those will let you be crazy!So I believe that being a common girl is perfect,you will be happy every day,won't it be good?
Parents VS Kids:I think a kid shouldn't always follow your parents'commands,sometimes your parents'command is not opinion,that will misdirect you.You should have your own opinion but should not always follow others.They can't be you.Before doing something,think and think,that's really important,and you will benefit from it.But one thing can not be denied,the orders of their parents is good,only those who love you will criticize you.And you should listen to their views,after all they are order than you,they have seen more of the world,a lot of advice would be good for you and help you to grow.
In the beginning, the farmers will have a garden to deep the tea seeds and take care of it.
The seedlings of the tea are very fragile, farmers need to water them frequent and make a pergola to make sure the seedlings will not be dry in the sun.
About a year later, the seedlings will grow to tea plants, then farmers can move them out of the garden to plant it in the fields.
Then about four years later, the tea plants will grow closed to ninety centimeters.
It means it can pick.
The tea we drink daily is not the whole of the tea plants.
So the farmers have to pick the leaves, that's a very boring and tiring works, farmers need to pick them very quick because the leaves so very easy to old, and it will make tea bad.
Next, farmer will crush the leaves and put it on the bamboo about 10-20 hours to dry them.
Then put the leaves into the dry-machine to dry it more again.
This is all the step to make a tea.
And we can feel the hardships of the working people.
believe that E.T do exist.And what makes their civilization prosperous,life happy and technology advanced is what I'm looking forward to know.
Firstly, looking back on the history, the rapid development of modern science and technology witnessed our happy life .I am very curious about the aliens' life situation.It's not easy to make a wonderful living.How did they succeeded in making it and how long did it is still a doubt.Then we can make full use of their excellent experience to make our life more colorful and comfortable.
As is known to us all, the balance of the nature will be broken if we put great emphasis on technology development rather than focusing on protecting of the environment.So, I want to find out how they can balance the economy and environment.However, despite the fact that our earth have developed quickly like lightning, our environment is becoming worse than ever.If we can get to thinking the reason of worse environment,I trust we can achieve a great advance in science and keep the balance of nature at the same time.
The last but not the least,whether a thriving cultural depends on the length of history is also my issue.Our earth has get through hundreds of thousands of years,and culture becomes flourishing.So, I am eager to get the answer of the exact years of existence of aliens.Thus comparing with ours,I can know the difference and get a conclusion.
On balance,I wish to have a heart-to-heart discussion with E.T.. What I expect is that after our talk ,we can develop a deep friendship ,we can get what we want,we can learn something useful that contribute to our planets' development.It's sure to be a success.
At present ,many college age crowd like to pursue famous brands.
From clothes to mobile phones, they are inclined to buy famous brands.
Well,on campus for the consumption of famous brand clothes.There are many different views, some students feel with affordable brand, can not only on the economic burden, wear in the body nor look tacky, and some students think that the international famous brand, although the price is more expensive.
It compare to foil the value and status of the self.
The value of brand has its objective existence, also is to have the certain quality assurance.
So don't blindly negative consumer brand is bad behavior.
But to university students, economic ability is limited, and in all aspects of daily life, if blindly pursue famous brand, it will be very hard.
In this case, easily into the battle for content, get lost.
As far as I am concerned, students to build confidence, not famous brand to increase the value of the self and identity status.
Students will be able to create the famous brand of themselves, that is by the internal release accomplishment and temperament, and thus to create a self value, even wearing, with me is not what famous brand, also can set off the value of self.
Nowadays, the earth is becoming warmer and warmer as a consequence of the greenhouse effect.As the main gas which lead to the greenhouse effect,the emissions of carbon dioxide must be cut down,so it is urgent for us to live a low-carbon lifestyle.
Low-carbon lifestyle means low energy-consumption,low expenditure and so on.Actually low-carbon lifestyle has become one kind of fashion in many big cities all over the world.It has become a symbol of healthy,safe life,and it has made great changes to our life.
As college students,it is our responsibility to live and promote low-carbon lifestyle.We ought to spare every effort to save natural gas,electricity ,and one what's usually ignored,recycle.
At last,low-carbon lifestyle is not just a slogan but a kind of lifestyle.Only by long-term persistence can we make a really great difference.
One will never succeed all his life without a firm will to get the final victory.
As we know strong will are so important that it can change one's fate.
Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream.
The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned.
The second mouse wouldn't quit.
He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out.
So Strong Will is the first step to success, the lack of strong will is to give up success.
Thanks for your email.
It's pleased for me to talk with you.
It has changed a lot.
Let me tell you about it.
First of all,the houses are different from previous houses.
The house is more beautiful and higher.
There are more houses in the downtown and they have different styles.
Then,the environment of the city is better.
The city's air is very fresh and everywhere is clean.
Because the city removed some factories to other places.
The city has planted many trees.
Besides,the beautiful city faces a clear river on the east.
Finally,it is more convenient for you to come to our city.
The best way to experience our city's places of interest is to take a bus tour.
There are many new parties and a new highway had been built.
I feel that our city is a gorgeous city which everybody is not willing to leave if you come.
I believe that my city will become better in the future.
Last week,we had watched the film called The Shawshank Redemption.In this famous movie,a man named Andy impressed me a lot.He is a man which one of the leads.He was wronged and got into the prison because of his "crimes".He is very handsome,but he is so serious that he wasn't said any words to others.Finally,he could said some words because he made a friend called Red.They loved each other and took care of each other.After over 20 years,Andy said that he would left,and one day with rains and clouds,Andy ran away.In my opinion,Andy is a brave man,and he's insist encouraged me tobe a good pperson.
For my part, cloning of human beings should not be banned, because the existence of cloning is the inevitable development of era.
To begin with, cloning of human beings is a great success of our science and technology.
We should continue to study it to enrich our science world.
Secondly, it is evident that cloning of human beings is helpful in curing patients.
Thirdly, we can use cloning to reduce genetic disease.
Finally, we will keep our happy memorize forever by cloning some organs.
I have been dreaming of being a university student for a long time before I went into the university.However,the moment I went into the university,I felt many distinctions between the life I experienced now and the life I had thought before.
Firstly,there are more classes than what I had thought I would have in university,though the classes we have now is less,when weighed with the class we have in Senior High school.The second is the role our teachers play in our study.For a simple example,we may see our teachers twice a month after their class,only,which means we should rely ourselves more than before.The last,from my view,is that the way we use in Senior High school should be given up.Because the way we used in Senior High school is unfit in universities.
To make myself adjust to the new life here as soon as possible,I will try my best to obtain the key in the university life promoting my skills.Just as the saying goes:"If you cannot change the world,please change yourself".In conclusion,I have a strong belief that I can make myself adapt to the new life here.
Spring is a season of sowing.Farmers work hard in the field.Willows burgeon forth;the peach trees blossom;the grasses sprout out of the earth;the wheat shoots are a lush green.The swallows return from the south,nesting on the tree.The whole earth is full of vitality.In contrast,autumn is a season of harvest.The wheats turn yellow;farmers are busy harvesting their crops.The leaves and grasses also turn yellow;the ground is covered with the fallen leaves,like a golden yellow carpet.The swallows back to the south for the clod winter.The trees have only stark branches,looks very monotonous.It's rainy in autumn.The sky is gray;the earth is shrouded in dreariness.
More and more people in their twenties or thirties are beginning to walk into the palace of marriage.
Two years ago, I had the honor to attend my cousin's wedding ceremony.
Every girl in the world hopes to find her charming prince one day.
I clearly remembered that my cousin was in bride dresses walking towards her husband.
That must be the happiest moment in her life.
Their marriage ceremony was held in a restaurant where many people came to send wishes to the new couple.
Marriage plays an important role in one's life.
Of course, the ceremony is a necessary part of marriage.
It means an announcement to their life mates.
The wedding was the most amusing one I had been to.
The most touching moment was that the bride said goodbye to her parents.
Though they stay at the same place, from that day on, she became a wife and had her own home.
In fact, that wedding really affected me a little bit.
A person who gets married will be much more mature.
Form that day on, the couple will stick together through thick and thin.
I hope their love last forever.
It is very forturenat for us to live in this word which is very polit.And we should lean how to be a good listener.it is a important way to get with others.
There are some personal opinions.
First,we must know the advantage of being a good listener.For parents, being a good listener between you and your children can make you and your children become good friends.
What's more, it also can let you get close to your children's heart.
Second, it also suit for teachers.
Being a good listener can drive them to their student's heart and find a right way to solve the problem about their students.
Last but not least, a good listener can share friend's happy and sadness.
However, how can be a good listener?I have some suggestion.
The way of being a good listener is that fix you attention when others is toking to you and knock your head.
It means that you listen carefully.The most serous thing is that can not interrupt others toking.
It not show your responsible but also show you are polite.
Being a good listener is a nessesary leasion in our life.Listen to others,you will get frendship.glown fish essaily.
My name is X, I live in X. I love my hometown .
I feel like a very easygoing person, I would like to open with them, but sometimes the reality very hit me.
I was used to think proposition difficult to write English composition now think it doesn't mention, no more difficult to answer the direction you want to find something to have the depth the text question to write about, but I this low level of English let there is nothing I can do .
So the next time you will set the teacher asked us to write.
About English, I have been a headache, if I remember right from the primary school is grade three began to learn English, learn now myself felt ashamed.
Because of always learn bad, I just hate English .
But hate is out of the question, I think graduation from high school English wouldn't have to learn, can arrive the university or to learn.
That has also a words: since can't change the status quo, change their own state of mind, and pain, as of the deal with open to change the mentality, perhaps to find out how things are different .
In fact I admire speaking English fluently, but for me speaking English has been a problem for many years, but also learn what learn English well without the method, but I am not confident studying English.
NOW mang students often pay little attention to their spelling that their writing is full of spelling mistakes.The situation mang reason.
The existence of the problem can be attributed to the following main reason.The first,because most students think that spelling words is not important,so lead to mang simple words are spelling mistakes.Secondly,mang teachers do not provide students with adequate knowledge of building up new words,that students memorizing words,so the students is very easy to spelling mistakes.Finally,most students hate memorizing words,that do not take the spelling words.
To deal with this problem successfully we should value spelling in English learning,and reduce unnecessary errors.
There is a pretty popular thought among us which believes the widely accepted views are correct.
It seems true this kind of thoughts is reasonable, for the common supported perspectives are always representing the ideas of most people, and we have the spontaneity to believe these views are correct.
However, there could be some unexpected conditions existing for this kind of saying.
As the examples of early gravitational theory and Nazi-time Germany demonstrate, widely held views could be not reliable in some ways.
As we all know, gravitational theory was raised very early in ancient Greece.
And the most prevalent view to the gravity was raised by Aristotle, which suggests when an object is thrown from a tall building, the heavier it is, the faster it reaches the ground.
This obviously wrong theory, however, was supported by nearly all the Europeans for a thousand years.
Until late 16th centuries, an Italian scientist Galileo made an experiment dropping balls from the Tower of Pisa, and he showed that gravity accelerates all objects at the same rate, which totally overwhelmed the wrong theory raised by Aristotle.
As a result of this statement, most people realized that they had believed a wrong theory but no one stood out to doubt it.
Surely, this is a famous event that reveals the problems of widely held views.
Another thing that proves the uncertainty of widely held views is the racial thoughts in Nazi-time Germany.
The leader of Nazi party Adolf Hitler and his bureaucratic followers raised the theory that Jews are the most humble and the most evil volk in the world.
Hitler also fabricated a lot of untruths that so-called Aryans are the greatest people and once conquered the whole Europe in the history.
Without any thinking, the Germans were beguiled easily, and they all accepted this kind of views.
Undoubtedly, this kind of views became widely held by Germans that time.
With the support of German people, Nazis made countless genocides to the Jews, and about 6 millions of Jews were killed by Nazis during the World War II.
After the collapse of Nazis in Germany, the Germans gradually knew the Nazis had made such brutal and terrible movements, which were just supported by these German people who held the Nazis' ideas.
These things strongly suggest that the widely held theories could be so unexpectedly terrible like that.
From these examples, the serious problems in widely held views are revealed.
That is to say, the widely held views are not always the correct disciplines to us.
However, no matter how the widely held views are, we must need to think about these ideas very carefully.
Whatever other people say, you have to be skeptical.
Only in the light of this statement, we could make minimum possibility of being fooled by others.
This report sets out to the important of campus network and recommendation.
The aim of this report is to help improve the design of the website and describe what we like about it.
It was found that our campus network often update and put up school news on time.
It seems that there is no clearly separation among departments.
And the proportion of every department is unbalanced.
Also, there are a few pictures of school activities put on the website, in some news we can only see the words, that's boring for people to read.
So the click rate was low.
In order to increase this number I would recommend that we should regularly show some pictures of our school activities.
Every department should have their own layout to show their own activities.
People all over the world set great regard on good manners.To certain degree,good manners indicate a person's education and breeding.In schools,it is part of student's moral training to develop good manners.A person with good manners always wins praise.On the contrary,people will frown on him if he behaves roughly and impolitely.
There are good manners in which we behave in public places.It is a good manner to offer help to the young,the old and the handicapped when they are in need of it.
So is it to conduct ourselves politely and keep away from foul language.Besides, we should guard against such minor offences as making a loud noise,casting peels and shells,smoking,and spitting.
If everyone has developed good manners, people will form a more harmonious relationship.
If everyone behaves considerately towards others and follows the social ethics, people will live in a better world.
With the general mood of society improved, there will be a progress of civilization.
It's known to us that we are now live in an era of globalization which is a double-edged sword.It brings to us not only benefits but also disasters.It's conspicuous that this phenomenon is reflected in the field of culture deeply.
There's no mistakes to say that today's world is dominated by the western culture.Such as advocating their social system and merit system worldwide,exporting their cultural products and expanding the influence of their festivals,western countries now make full use of the alternative of globalization to have an invasion of culture to other countries .At this very time,it's essential for us to take measures to hold back these actions and preserve our Chinese traditional culture.
First,we should take measures to turn down some western culture which have bad influences on our national culture,such as pornographic culture,colonial culture and hedonistic culture.
Second,we should make every effort to revive our traditional culture.We all know that there are lots of dregs in our traditional culture and as a result, we should pay attention to getting rid of them.Also,it's really important to add in some new and energetic matters to it,making use of the good parts of the western culture ,for example.
Third,it's necessary to make sure that the teenagers in China are of good merit systems and the ability to stay back the bad cultures,also,they should build the confidence of our nation.
Last but also the most important,our country should spare no effort to develop our economy,for the economy is the foundation of culture.Only in this way can our culture be really strong!
These are my ways to preserve our Chinese traditional culture,Also,it's natural that there're many other ways to make it.However,whichever way we use,we're sure to make it if we can be really united and hardworking.
 4, 6 are healthy lifestyles and 1, 3, 5 are unhealthy.
When it comes to good health, nutrition and exercise go hand in hand.
One without another leads to a lot of health problems.
To get proper nutrition, we should eat healthily and stay away from junk food.
Try to eat more vegetables and fruits.
Try not to eat too many high-fat and high-calorie foods.
Avoid drinking soda, such as coke and sprite.
Because the soft drink contains a lot of sugar and calories.
To get proper exercise, we should work out regularly instead of exercising for very long time in one day.
For example, you can do 30-minute exercise every day.
I am very glad that you want to remcember English words.
I am very happy that you ask me for help.
Here are some suggestions.
First , follow English new words when you are free.
Listening words is a good idea to remcember English words.
What about listening to the radio?you just need listen for the key words and don't forget look them up in dictionary if you don't know them.
I also hope you watch some English movies and listen more English music.
It's good to you.
Second,you should read and try to pronounce the new words when you listen to them.don't forget pronounce words aloud.
It's a good way to remcember quickly.
Third,I also advice you,try to write every word every day ang remcember them in your head.you can write in paper,in your notebook ,and any where !
It's can make you remcember the new words quickly.
Our country's food safety always makes us worry in recent years.For example,illegal cooking oil,pollution milk,chemical additives,pesticide pollution and so on.These things make our hair stand on end,and we cannot believe a lot of food productions.Food pollution is a very important question for everyone and it becomes more and more serious.
Food pollution to the society and people life bring a lot of bad effects.Our healthy is under threat the food safety.We doubt everything what we eat and drink,we have no security.Society pays more and more attentions on food safety.
In this background,we should improve our awareness on food safety .For example,I do not eat street food any more and I reduce the times of restaurant,I spend more time to do my food at home,and I lose my heart to do the cooking.I suppose that everyone should eat at home,because it can keep you healthy and save money.
Nowadays many students have their own difficulties in learning,so have I. I think we may be feel nervous and don't know what to do at that time.
If we want to solve our own problems,we must pay attention to the following two points.
Firstly,be patient when we meet trouble.
Only a patient man can solve the problems quickly.
If we are nervous at that time,we will not do anything easily.
Secondly,try to make a difficult question become easier.
Pay attention that we can't use a hard way to solve the problem.
Because our thought will be unclear.
All in all,meeting difficulty is normal.
We should try our best to solve them.
In recent years, many people have Fake Diplomas.
I think that a lot of orgnization have a rule that their employee must have certain dilopmas.
So, diplomas is a basic condition that people have a opportunity to become a employee candidate.
Because of this, if you haven't diplomas or have less grade diplomas, you lost many opportunity to get job.
As we know nobody can go without friends .A good friends is someone who make us happy or impressive.Friendship helps us understand who we are.
then myfiend help me finish it.
so I think need friends.
Friendship is warm and give me hope and wishes .
Everyone should have a good friends.
Some people prefer to get up early in the morning and start the work, but others prefer to get up later and work until midnight.
As for me, I think a good habit is needed in our life and get up early and start the work is a wonderful habit, it's get rid of many troubles for us.
As we all known, morning exercises is very important for our health.
We can get up early and walking in the park, running and riding the bike, and you can enjoy the fresh air in the early morning.
Good health is half part of our success, if we have no good health, we can not enjoy the fruits of victory.
So please get up early and do morning exercises, start you fresh work with the fresh air in the early morning.
Of course, get up early also of great beneficial to our mental healthy.
I can get a good mood when starting my day in the early morning, and I never worry about suffer the traffic jams, and the nosily of the roads can't frustrate me.
So I can finish my work early and more efficient than those who stay on their bed until later morning.
In addition, when getting up early, I have longer time during the day to take part in many activities.
I can provide breakfast for my family, talking with my family, getting together with my friends, watching my favorite TV program and so on.
I can entertain myself greatly, thus my life won't be monotonous.
In conclusion, I think getting up early can keep me healthy both mentally and physically, it favors us.
If people getting up early and starting the work, they can get something much more than they have ever thought.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
First of all, welcome to C Middle School as an exchange student.
Let me tell you something about our life.
Generally, the weather is pretty cold.
That's why people here often drink coffee or tea as a habit.
So do a great number of our classmates.
And we always learn together and help each other as wel.
Especially share joy and sorrow.
Therefor, you don't need to worry about how to adapt to the new environment.Finally, from my point of view, more communication between us will promote our friendship observably.
I think we'll have a good time.
With best wishes.
There are 40% people think that we should keep the animals live in the zoos.
Because people can see many different kinds of animals there.
And the animals there can be got good cares by the feeders.
However, there are 60% people think that we had better put the animals in the wild instead of in the zoos.
Because the animals prefer living in the natural environment.
The animals will be put into the cage if they live in the zoos.
So they will lose free.
I think animals should be kept in wild so that they can have a better life.
They can enjoy the fresh air, do what they like, exercise their living skills, grow strong and so on.
But living in the wild is not as safe as living in the zoos.
So we should do something to protect them such as stop people from killing the animals.
And we mustn't disturb their lifes.
As the saying goes:" Better good neighbours near than relations far away".
Nonetheless with the rapid development of society,increasing the pressure of living,we put more time into the work day, from morning to evening, and the neighborhood has never met.
Neighborhood and family harmony, let us feel good but also can improve the efficiency of our work, so we do not must worry about.
The way to work for each other saying "Good morning" to see the neighborhood, need help lend a helping hand, you are in a hurry to work on the road and give them a smile, even if only one side of the border, even if only a tiny move, will to narrow the distance between us, and make the community person to become your family.
In the busy work, we can get together with neighbors to talk about each other's work or ideas, the neighborhood will also provide an chance to promote feelings of everyone to hold a variety of community activities, hope everyone can take part.
Star is my roommate who own this kind of character mentioned above.
Star is so cute and sometimes behave in a spoiled way that we all love her,she enjoy history of literature .
Thus, she often tell us many things about historical figure.
Besides she is kindhearted that she will try her best to help others who are in trouble.
I think she is an angle ,who comes here to warm our heart when we fell frustrated ,it is also the reason that I call her star.
However ,she always nervous when she must face many people to do program, she's a shy girl .
I wish she will be happy and healthy all life.
This is a vivid picture.In this picture a father and his son were talking about what his son said.
In our life,we often have the same doubt like the child said.When we suffer from zhe problem ,just like math,english,economic and so on.Somepeople who have a bright head ,can find a simple way .Somepeople who don't have a hight IQ ,can solve the problem use a hard way .All of them ,at last they will get success.
But this is a small part .
The others are difference of them .When they suffer from problems ,they will escape or give up .Made problem baled and throw into zhe trash.Such people never can become success.
Sometime we always face problem,somepeople solve it ,somepeople run away.But if we throw zhe problem into the trash.How can we success?
Our life is full of temptation,persist in the end is temptation,give up also a temptation.What should we choose?I'm the first what about you ?
Nowadays traditional ways of shopping is being replaced by a new way of shopping-- online shopping.
People prefer sitting in their home and searching things they like on the Internet to going to the streets.
Different people have different ideas about that.
Some people think that it is very convenient to shop online because it is quite time-saving and needs less strength to walk here and there.
What is more, things online are cheaper than those displayed in shops on the streets.
However, some people point out online shopping could not replace traditional shopping ways completely.
There are some danger in shopping online, and no one can guarantee the quality bought from a definite stranger.
In my opinion, everything has its two sides.
On the one hand, we ought to take consideration in the convenience and less consumption of online shopping.
On the other hand, it is necessary for us to think about the safety of it.
p.s.
it takes me about 10 minutes to write down this essay.
I'm delighted to hear from you.I'm glad to know that you have such a good teacher as Mr.Green.
The teacher I like most is Ms.Li,who teaches us chemistry.I met her when I was in grade 9.I didn't know her well at that time.But now,we're getting closer.I like her because she is conscientious in her work.She is always ready to help us if we have any difficulties.She talked to me after the test and it also encouraged me a lot.
Every one has his own dreams.
Someone wants to become a teacher, someone wants to become a scientist, and someone wants to become a musician.
-I want to become a doctor.
I think doctor is a noble profession.
As a doctor, he will give patients health.
A good doctor can save person's lives.
A doctor is an angle who gives patients away from disease and gives the hope to the patients to live on.
The doctor is very hard, because he works around the clock.
When I see a patient health, I am very happy.
I hope to be a doctor.
I know it is not easy to make my dream come true.
So I decide that I must study hard and then gain more knowledge.
I think my dream can come true.
Christmas doesn't mean anything to me except the holiday, it didn't exsisted in my world.
And I don't think it will.
Holiday is the only hope for me during the Christmas day, but once I get in to number four middle school, my hope is lost.
It's hard for me to enjoy that situation, to be honest, it freaks me out, it's miserable.
And during that time, I want to sing: la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
This can makes me feel much better.
Nowadays,more and more people care about the Chinese education.Now,I tell you something about chinese learning styles.
When we were young,our parents taught us by holding our hands,and our parents taught us how to use pencil,how to eating and what we can do or not,we were only following step by step.When we grew up,we need to go to school,our parent would tell us "Good good study,day day up",we need try our best to learn and we need keep learning until 11 p.m and when on weekends,we should go to the extension classes for more scholarship.So,only fewer people used to study of our own initiative.
In my opinion,chinese learning will create a lot of slaves who don't have creativity when we enter the university which beyond our parents' control,we are always playing rather than hard-working.Nevertheless only in this way,we get the best education from our families and we receive the equitable education.
Text for National civil services in recent years, there are more and more people take civil service exams conducted at various levels in The hope of becoming government employees.
The following reasons can account for this kind of crazy.First, nowadays college students face great employment pressure, civil services one of The most comfortable professions.second, most students choose civil service, because it can provide a steady income and life.Finally, civil service have good security, easy working, a good environment and sufficient self time.
But, in my point of view, The civil service has many negatives effects.it brought bad influence to the development of the society, for example, comparison, selfish, right.
Generally speaking Everything has advantages and disadvantages, in the face of crazy civil service, I just want to say, everyone should know what i want, have a dream, then to work.As long as you work hard, you will be have a wonderful future.
Spelling is a learned skill not a talent,Spelling can be mastered by learning a few basic rules about when to change the endings on words.Now the students think that their English learing to use English in the future work are not many opportunities so usually do not attention to the spelling of English.
Many students think English is used in future life in a very small.So the students very a negative psychology.There many stidents that English is a language without the necessary attention tospelling.
In order to change the current situation of English spelling of theimportance of strengthening thepublicity but also should be in the normal education for middle school students and teachers should enhance the attention should be.
you may think the earth is beautiful ,mystery and abundant ,however ,the earth is not the same as it is used to be ,with the growth of population ,the environment is more and more terrible .
Some scientists are seeking the solution to these problems.
For example ,the global warming is a serious problem for all countries ,as the industry develops rapidly ,people are constantly emiting gas into atmosphere ,as the result ,the temprature goes up ,what 's worst ,some glaciers are melting ,particularly in Antarctic .At the same time ,we are also facing the pollution ,nowaday some rivers become dirty and even the fishes are dead ,in some remote area ,the trees are being cut,they are used as fuel,due to these behaviors,the atmosphere goes worse ,in addition,the animals are disappearing,for instant,lions or tigers are only seen in animal zoos.
People can 't realise the crucial of the nature .The earth is changing ,we are trying our best to find the solution to protect our home.
I still remembered that last term my roommates made a birthday party for me.On that day,they were not tell me,but I found some strange movements on them actually.When I came back to my room after class,they had stayed in the room and gived me a big surprise!They said happy birthday to me and prepared a cake for me.I felt very happy in that moment and I will never forget that day because that birthdy was the first one I spend in school.It will be a wonderful memory I hold forever.
My parents,thank you!I'm now in the examination room writing my final paper in my high school career.I can't hold back my feeling of appreciating you.
You have been giving me courage since I went to school,especially in my last year in high svhool.But for your encouragement,I would give up for many times.Recently I have been taking every efforts to study,which improves my grade a lot.My hard work pay off.I found this exam smooth and I give full play to my ability.Hope you to be at ease.
After this exam I will be free for a long time.Then I want to pay you back.I will help you with houseworks.What's more,I will cook for you.I'm convinced that you will feel comfortable after tasting my dishes.
In January 2012, users of "Catcher" and questioned Han was doing it and a subsequent Han apologize.
"For me and my family, just past the New Year is a busy Chinese New Year.
Han says.
"The literary creation is a great dignity of a writer, the biggest blow no more than two: was accused of plagiarism, or 'ghostwrite'.
Fang institute legal proceedings in the micro-Bo Han regarding respond to the Legal Affairs to the lawyers, he was also willing to confront at the right occasions and Han.
The war of words suddenly become a lawsuit, this is a bit beyond Fang expectations.
I think that they have their own reasons, but as the people in the industry, their duties can, and do not have such a tit for tat.Disrupt the art of wind.
In addition to the side to watch the people do not have to gloat, this is a social problem, not just exist in the square Korea, so we should be more thought to deal with this matter, rather than holding a watch.This will only feel very sad.
The English language developed as a result of several invasions of Britain.
The first started with the arrival of three Germanic tribes who invaded Britain during the 5th century AD.
These tribes, the Angles, the Saxons and the Jutes, crossed the North Sea from what today is Denmark and northern Germany.
A mix of their languages produced a language called Anglo-Saxon, or Old English.
The English language underwent extensive change in the Middle Ages.
Written Old English of AD 1000 is similar in vocabulary and grammar to other old Germanic languages The modern language is already largely recognisable in written Middle English of AD 1400.
The transformation was caused by two further waves of invasion: the first by speakers of the Scandinavian ,who conquered and colonized parts of Britain in the 8th and 9th centuries; the second by the Normans in the 11th century, who spoke Old Norman and ultimately developed an English variety of this called Anglo-Norman.
Slowly, during the fifteen hundreds English became the modern language we would recognize.
This age includes the Renaissance, the Elizabethan era and Shakespeare.
The role of the church, of Latin and of French declined and English became a language of science and government.
English is now an international language and is used as a means of communication between people from many countries.
As a result the influences on the English language are wider than ever.
English will move away from using a British or American standard and establish its own international identity.
With the passage of time, a lot of people now living habits case of major change ,such as food.dress.entertainment and so on.
let's compare the way we live now with past.
In the past , we don't have enough money to buy expensive food .
At that time, people grow food on themselves .
influence our body.
Than we talk about entertainment .
Nowadays , there are more and more entertainment activities to enrich our life .In addition to sports activities, the electronic products is also become our forms of entertainment , especialy computer .
When we play computer game so happy , you can think of we watch TV together .
And than in the past, before we are committed to a real game .
In fact , there are many diffeneces between now and past .From a hand , some changes is good foe us .
While,his dad says that"Ifyou can empty the dustbin here,you can do anything.
"Obviously, his dad is explaining to his son the principle that the importance of small things before undertaking something big.
In this society,everyone wants to be greatful,everyone wants to be famous,everyone wants to do big things.But,if everyone doing big things,then,how the small things?Who do the small things?Who remain the society's order?
From my perspective,every big things are composed of small things.As long as you work hard with those little things and have a full preparation of the road ahead,you can do the big thing.In a word,little things constitute big things,do small things well then you can do big things easily.
When I first went into the school gate,see my new classroom and teachers.I thought I would have a new start.The school day is very busy and exciting.There are many new subjects in our school,such as:Chinses,Maths,English,Physics,History,Geogrophy,Chemistry,Politics,Art and Music.And there are also many activities in our school too,such as sports meetings,We all take an active part in it.
We have four classes in the morning.We have our lunch in the dinning hall.After four classes in the afternoon,school is over,Then we clean our classroom.
The school day is long,But we love our school life.
Comepetition has been fierce in the contemporary age and can be seen every where nowadays.
One reason for this is that they hold it, but others are not.
it is obvious that we are living in a dog-eat-dog time, and competition is so fierce that can be seen everywhere and everytime.
Some of them are in favor of the idea that competition can encourage people to work harder and harder that they can attain success.
It is true that competition can help us to be a successful man.
Wonderful as it is, however, it has its own disadvantages too.
Such lavish competition may bring people tension, making them feel anxious, even drive them mad.
As far as i concerned, i don't think there should be no competition, but i think the competition should not be excessive.
Properly competition is good for people.
In today's increasingly competitive world it is essential to maintain a positive attitude towards life.
To put it in a metaphor, keeping a good mood is a foundation upon which our life is built.
Keeping a good mood is important because it can help us solve various problems in life.
The following two situations can enable us to clearly see how a positive attitude helps us cope with unpleasant things.
Take English learning for example.
In our effort to grasp English, mistakes are unavoidable.
From one perspective mistakes are annoying, but a positive attitude can make us realize that only through making mistakes can a learner be expected to make progress.
Sometimes one may come down with a serious cold, feeling depressed.
But a change in attitude will enable us to look at the matter from a positive perspective.
The illness may teach us the importance of health.
As we can see, keeping a good mood can help us to deal with mistakes in the right way and find comfort in time of sorrow.
Its importance cannot be denied.
Hello,everyone.My name is X form Y city Z province .I am 21 years old.My major is business English at D College.l like my major very much.Because l think English is easy to learn except the English pronunciation.What's more?I like to read novel and go out with my friends.Well,that's all about me.
Along with digital message more and more popular,we have ignored to read.Many people like to watch a movie or television than to read a book.Because the movie have picture and voice.Popular speaking ,people become more and more lazy.Reading can give us a better experience.
The movie have confined your mind you don't think and feel,all of things can pass to us.We lost the original fun.Being careful to read a book can calm down our mind and to our more and more positive energy.Finally to us become very clever.Reading is a good habit.Reading can't be replaced by movie and television.Keep reading can change our life.
Don't believe you can try.
Dear Tom, I'm very glad to hear from you.
My favourite hobby is drawing.
I enjoyed drawing when I was a child.
I often spend my free time in my favourite hobby after class.
But I often use my spare time to my school assignment or homework.
With drawing's help I also liked reading stories and now I can write some interesting stories, too.
I think hobbies can help us learn about other things.
But I don't think we should spend all of our time on our favourite hobby.
Dream is like a power that pushes us forward.It's what you intend to work hard for.It's divided into many goals so you have things to do every day.
So our lives become wonderful.
I want to be a doctor,so I must study hard.I take classes every day and listen to teachers carefully.I read lots of books to learn more.If I didn't have a dream,I would have nothing to do and find life boring.
With a dream we can also be happier.When you achieve little goals of your dream,you feel extremely happy.On the other hand,if something bad happens to you,you will ignore it because it's unconcerned with your dream and you think it's not a big deal.
Dream also stands for glory.We want to feel good about ourselves.We want to get congratulations from others and we want our family to feel proud of us.
One can feel that life is boring without a dream.He may get pessimistic when something bad happens to him.He just keeps an eye on little things which isn't important at all so he gets unhappy day by day.
Dream brings hope and glory.It's the point of our life,so go for it!
The Broad of Trustees made proposals of increasing tuition, building the sports arena and rejecting a $250,000 request from the Fine Arts and Design departments in last night's acrimonious meeting in which a great controversy was evoked among students, faculty and community representatives of more than 6oo people.
Three motions were proposed in meeting, including voting to increase tuition by 3 percent effective at the beginning of the next academic year, approving a contract to build a new 20,000-seat sports arena at a cost of $153 million which was to be funded from state and federal monies and alumni contributions, and rejecting a $250,000 request by the Fine Arts and Design departments for new photo-video cameras and computer processing units.
The intractability of passing the proposals could be easily discovered during a 7-hour meeting, beginning at 8 p.m. and adjourned at 3 a.m. next morning.
Student government representatives were extremely critical of the proposal of the tuition increase, and 35 people spoke during the three and a half hours of debate about tuition issue.
The proposal of new sports arena was as well difficult to be proceeded for the equal division of both for and against of the representatives presented.
The decision to reject the Fine Arts and Design equipment requests was met by hoots and catcalls.
The city fire marshal ordered the meeting site moved to Memorial Hall Auditorium on campus because of the over-many participants, which could be the potential safety hazard.
Members of the board had no comment as they left the building to the jeers of about 50 students who stayed until the meeting's end.
College is an important part in our life.It is vital to our future and necessary for our life.So how to make the best use of college life is exceedingly essential to us.
Some students use the time to find ways to earn themselves.Others attend various classes to get through the examinations.
As far as I'm concerned,the above are not the best ways to the use of the college time.If we want to make the best use of college life,we should do three things at least as possible as we can.The first thing we must concern is how to arrange our time reasonable .In college,we have more spare time compared to high school.We can do what we want to do using the spare time.Planning well becomes very important to this.
The second thing we should concern is our study .Many students don't think highly of the study and regard it very easy to get through.The wrong thought always makes students spend more time on other things such as computer games.We must know we cannot find a job if we don't get the graduation certificate.
The last but not the least,we should plan our future well.We should attend some classes which are necessary for us.We are supposed to pay more attention to the job information and make our choice necessarily.
In a word,college is very important to our life.We should regard it with our heart.
some people will answer money or youth , but they don't know they may lose everything they have if they don't use money careful enough, and they also don't know there is nobody can keep his youth forever in the world .
So what is the most precious and everlasting thing in the world?Yes,it's love that will always be with you.
Love is a kind of understanding and tolerance, I remembered that my parents will try their best to give me anything what I wanted when I was a child, I think all of parents is so.
When we made mistakes , the first thing they will do is teaching us where we were wrong, how to correct our behavior and what should we do next time but punished us .
It is crystal clear that parents give love to children rather than taking love from them.
In general, love is a positive feeling.
we need love, if the world lacks love, then we won't be able to appreciate the bright sunshine, the loveliness of the spring and many other aspects of nature.
The society needs love to dilute sorrow,purify the mind.
Love brings joy and happiness, it is actually like a bottle of wine, the longer it is kept, the sweeter it will be.
Time always goes by so fast.My high school life is going to end.Knowing that you have given me so much caring,I really want to thank you.
Recently,I made great progress owing to studying hard.This finally exam also go on well.I shown my own level.Don't worry me.
After the exam,I will help you do some housework and let you have a taste to my cooking.What's more,I can take a walk with you to talk someting about our family.Now I am not a child any more.This is a very good opportunity for me to return the love you have given me.
Thank you,mom.Thank you,dad.The best wishes fou you.
Recently, it is a very common phenomenon that teenagers like a star.
Somebody is crazy for celebrity worship.
In my view, I think it is not a bad thing for teenagers to like a star if they do not be crazy about it.
Some teenagers liking a star because they cannot be a famous person when they are in their real life.
But if somebody is so crazy for celebrity worship, he will not be a great student that everyone will think they are not a good person.
It is a not uncommon social phenomenon that parent-child relationship is not good.
However various factors that can have influence on parent-child relationship.
For example,parents find that they under stress too often,children think their parent get in the way of their work performance.
When I try to trace the origin of it a number of factors can account for such issues.
Firstly, some parent like emperor-----monarch type.
The monarch type of parent is intolerant, autocratic and self-centered.They lay down regulations in the family for their children to obscene they believe their own feel.
And they have little respect for others' opinions,least of all,their children's,this is a character of parent like slave -----servant - type parents.
They are kind, good - natured and easy - going.If their children want to get something.
They run to buy anything joyful children any wish.
They are very happy as long as their children are content.
In their heart , children are center of their whole life.
There is no doubt that the two kinds of parents are wrong.
This is why children and parent have a bad relationship.
The parent of monarch type lack of communication and understanding with their children.
When their authority is challenged , contradictory is break out .
The parents of servant type let their children intemperate.
When their children feel dissatisfy,they can develop to a unfavorable habit and can't command.
For my perspective, of course, it is true that all parents in the world love their children .
However, as parents' view of life diffirent.They show their love in different way.
parents should like friends-----friend type, as the implies, treat their children as friends, they are generous and friendly.
They should realize their children's inner world.
They can share their children's interest and listen attentively to their children's expression of emotion, including their joy or sorrow, but they must have their principled stand.
And children, we can take parents' show, we must respect, understand, interact our parents.
We must try to improve a toleration and eliminate conflicts.
They respect equals to both sides.
We can say " let's put our heads together and see what we can do.
Recently, people have paid more and more attention to the fake products, and the new reports about the fake products abound with our eyes and affect our lives.For example, people found that the beef product of some supermarket are made of horse meat in some parts of Europe; HP DV2000 and V3000 the two kinds of laptops frequently appeared the situation of the black screen, but HP did not do well in after-sale services; some enterprises product defective product, which include heavy metals, past due food, too many additives and so or.
As everyone knows, the harmfulness of fake products is serious.
There are several of the harmfulness of fake products as follows.The first and most essential, some enterprises product fake products, which infringe consumers' rights and interests, including the right to know, right to health.Consumers spend money to buy product, but if it was fake produc, which is unfair to them, and the fake products of food or medicines may harm consumers' health, the fake medicines not only aggravate a patient's condition, but also lead to threatening his life, and what's more, to result in his death; The second, fake produce may cause the disorder of product market, and many producers ofen follow, which bring about a inequality of competition, in addition, the fake products probably affect those producers who are meeting the standards.And consumers would like to buy foreign products rather than domestic product, and they will be disappointed at domestic product; The last but not least, people will be disappointed with the government's some quality supervision agencies, because of their irresponsibility, and citizen may lost heart to our country's product, which may impact on the development of product, and also ruin the harmonious atmosphere.
In a word, the harmfulness of fake products is so serious that the government should crack down on fake and shoddy products.strengthen the surveillance mechanism.
Producers should enhance their morality, and product up-to standard product.
Of course, consumers also need to develop our differentiate ability, and know how to handle the problem when we buy a fake product.
Do you remember me,a cool guy who's studying in THE Attached High school to Nankai University.Last year,When I went to America to go camping for learning language,I met you.
NOw our school is going to hold camping,too.I'm extremely excited that if you come here I can see you again!
I'm very impressed with you.So I will introduce some features to you.For example we can go around my city which has hundreds of years'history.And then maybe you can stay in a Chinese family to feel our life and know about Chinese cultures.Last I will prepare a gift for you.
I'm looking forward to seeing you here.
When you read the message,I 'll be in my homeland.
I'm sorry that I don't tell you it face to face.
In the morning,I received a letter from my family.
It told that something bad happended in my family,so I had to reture to my homeland quickly.I know you are playing a speech match recently, but I have no time to wait for you until you go back.I hope that you 'll get good greats in it, I'll congratulate you when I come back.
Nowadays, many college students take entrance examination for postgraduate instead of searching for a suitable job.
What's more, it has already become a trend on campus, more and more students struggle for it around the clock.
I have some thoughts below.
In my opinion, I have three reasons resulting in this phenomenon.First, those graduates, which we call bachelors, find it hard to search for a job that can satisfy them, so the higher degree becomes so appealing.
Moreover,some students dislike their major , so they tend to transfer to what they are fond of by this examination.To put it another way,they intend to learn what they really love.
What's more,many people are just imitating others,maybe their best friends are preparing for it, so they also begin, but those usually don't have real passion to hold on, and I think it not wise.
In a word, there are many reasons of taking this examination,but these students all have the same target that is studying further to enrich themselves.
As for me, I also trust postgraduate education is a good chance for us, so I am willing to try my best.
Good afternoon everyone, today I'm honor to stand here and show my speech.
Today, the topic is to share my experience about how to prepare CET4.
OK, as we can see from the content.
It is include 4 parts.
Let's start with the first part-listening.
The last thing is no matter what exam we have to face, we must have a right attitude to prepare it.
OK, that is my speech.
If you have problem about it, you could ask me later.
Thank you.
As time went by, my parents are becoming elder , In my memories of parent is that they would often busy, sometime , my father would not be stay at home ,but ,now I did not stay at home , As a result, I enjoy get along with my parents day.
Needless to say , I was a lucky girl .
In my eyes ,my father is the best man in the world .my father is a generosity and gentleman , notwithstamding my father have a bit traditional for me in the education me .
I think that is good for me .
about they life give they food .
I am glad and pride that I have a good father ,My mother is a good woman she spent the best part of her life education me and our home , Each day she got up early to prepare our breakfast and does all the housework , she and I talk much ,our like friend I love my parents extremely .
you do not forget your parents they are never failed to cheer you up .I enjoy have my parent life ,I love they very much.
At pretsent,a lot of College students have some unhealthy habits.for example,they go to seelp are late,and don't retrench their money,they are lost in the online game and so on.
As a College student,if you have those unhealthy habits,you will lose lot's of things in the university.those unheathy habits will stop them doing some interting things.if you are intrested in things.
a shiftless student; studied in a shiftless way.if we have something seek not the solustion, Some people are afraid of failure and they can not bear the blow of failure, so they stay where they are and try to not to mike progress.in this way living ,after long time,those will kill our lives.
In my oppinion,we should keep studing our objects,and look for our value.we have ourslves intrests,we should learn refuse those unheathy habits,if we have more times ,we could attend to some intresting actions.
Recently, I have watched a film called Paddington Bear.
The whole story is really funny and warm.
I love it so much.
The story is about Paddington Bear after a serious earthquake, and he lost his beautiful home and his relatives-uncle Paz Tuzo and aunt Lucy.
Then he left for London by himself and got along with the persons who he met in London.
During his life in London, he always made trouble for others even though he was not on purpose.
Luckily, the family who helped him didn't hate him and is inclusive with him.
Then I want to say the reasons why I love this film.
First, the storyline is so interesting that I couldn't stop laughing when I watch it.
Second, the Paddington bear is always gentle, enthusiastic and kind to everyone.
And his this kind of character is precious and worth us learning while we are in a cold society.
Third, the story told me that different species can also understand each other.
At the same time, when others are in trouble, whatever species, we should give a hand.
At the end of all, I consider the film is worth watching.
It will give the audience a deep impression.
Last year,there is an important and exciting thing happened in my life.With the end of my senior life,I become a college student and start my college life.
At beginning,I think college life will be wonderful!There is no too much homework and class and I will have a great time in my college.However,the fact is contray to my thought,the college life is not so great as I think.Within unfamiliar environment,I feel lonely and maladjustable.I begin to miss my home,the strong feeling of missing home makes me frustrated and and sad.Then I find I have no way to study as before.It seems like each way lead to a fault direction.I'm in a daze!Even so,I try my best to adapt to college life.
I'm always try to find the best way to study and live a life.After a year of college life.I find myself changed.I'm more mature than before and more studious.I also become independent,not only functional independence,attitudinal independence,but also emotional independence.I can even do anything on my own and don't need to rely on others any more.I will do something I like but without the supports from others as well.I don't feel excessive guilty,anxiety and mistrust.And I know the importance of the relationship with friends,classmates and parents.I have tried to communicate with them from time to time to maintain our relationship.The knowledge I have learned in college makes me know that we should treat one thing in different views is really equal and we also should become aware not only of other groups in our own culture,but also people of other culture.And the life in college makes me build my own beliefsand values,I have my own thoughts about future,and I'm clear that what kind of people I want to be in the future and I'm striving to the direction.
I'm an adult now,and I know that I should responsible for myself.when I do something,I should think more.I'm really thankful to the past one year.
I have learnt a lot and became more mature.I think I'll more dilipent to chase my dream with a grateful heart!
For the time being, as the improvement of people's living standards, more and more homeless people appeared in our sights.
They begged for living on an overpass or roadside, we need to take some effective measures to help them.
We could help them in ways what we can do.
Here are some things you can do that will help people who are homeless.
First, we can donate some money and clothes for them or benevolent fund, we can also appealed our friends and neighbors to give donations for the homeless.
Second, talk to the person with respect, because homeless people face isolation and scorn.
It means a lot when someone addresses them in a civil, polite way.Next you can help start a ministry in your area, and support ministries that help poor and homeless persons.
If everyone can contribute strength , we can liable to build a harmonious society.
Nowadays,the global integration of economy and speeding information revolution have brought the world closer than ever before;meanwhile,western commercialism has flooded into China.Here comes the question:is it a good thing for China?The answers to the question are quite polarized.Someone believes that it is an unavoidable trend.The others thinks otherwise,they highlight that it would undermine the influence of our own culture.From my point of view,with the changes of economy and politics,that kind of trend can indeed bring into tremendous benefits in different aspects.
First of all,for the aspect of cultural exchanges,Westerners and Easterners are walking side by side,talking face to face,working and studying in harmony.Chinese learn English,Americans study Chinese;we have tea,they drink coffer;we enjoy Peking Duck,they like butter and bread.Titanic sailed into China,the Peony Pavilion has performed on Broadway.
Besides,western commercialism,to some degree,promote the growth of economy in China's coastal cities and its surrounding areas.Foreign investment can maximize the strengths of two parties.China has massive land,abundant natural resources,a huge supply of skilled workers and the growing consumer market.All these advantages are rarely found elsewhere in the world .On the other hand,foreign investors from developed countries or areas have sufficient funds and advanced technology and managerial expertise.It's a win-win deal and both parties would yield higher economic returns.
What's more,it has a great influence on China's mass media.Accompanying the western commercialism,a series of blockbuster hollywood movies has run into China.Such masterpiece has truely irresistible charm for Chinese audience.In addition,nowadays the high rating TV entertainment show Running Man has been brought into China,which is popularized by millions of Chinese audiences.The adaptations and innovations based on the foreign origin is a bold and successful move,which indeed benefit to the Chinese viewers.
To conclude,it is no doubt that western commercialism has opened a world for us,in which there are infinite possibilities and innovations to promote the growth of economy,culture and mass media.
I still remember the old days when I was with you which are shining in my mind.
Everyone's blood was frozen on the rainy afternoon, especially there was no lunchtime.
After the physical exam, I really felt uncomfortable and sick.
All of my classmates went out to get relaxed and enjoy their meals.
I forced myself to snooze for a while, but failed.
I didn't know why I did this, but I exactly did.
He warmly told me that he really worried about me, and would come to me in few seconds.
I knew he just finished his examination, but I still sent the short messages to him innocently.
I would like to have gotten some warmth from him, actually I did, but I still felt moved when I saw him at the door of my classroom with a bottle of hot coffee and some nice food.
His smile was shining in the sun, I could smell out the special flavor of this handsome guy and feel the warm atmosphere around him.
My tears couldn't be controlled, and I stand up slowly and gave a big smile to him------my best friend forever.
College is one of best places in our mind when we struggle at the middle school in that it is not only the heaven of freedom, but also it contains our dreams and aspiration.
There is no doubt that college study is absolutely different to high school study.
Just as we all know, it is free for us to learn nearly what we interested in.
We rarely see the professor only when we have a lesson or a report.
There are more courses waiting for us to learn.
What's obviously is that we must have a study plan and try our best to absorb the top poi-ts of the class.I must say it is not so easy as we think.
It is quite dangerous if we don't balance exertion and rest.
With this object, having a second thought before we do everything benefits us a lot.
What's more ,you'd better create more opportunities to make friends with other students.
And remember that failure is the mother of success.The last thing but it is no the least essential thing, remind to be yourself no matter when and where.
As the saying goes,true friendship can exist forever.It's important to everyone.If you possess it,you should be valued it.Because of that it can bring your success.
For example,at ZhanGuo period there are two people called Guanzhong and Baoshuya.At their young time they have a business together.Baoshuya is a little greed,but Guan didn't mind it.He even says Bao do that was because his mother was ill-ed and need money.Afterwards,Guan was appointed to the prime minister.He can get this position was Bao's recommend.
Friendship on utility can not be forever.A couple of virtuous friends is like that they can face trouble together and share a commitment each other.No matter what happened,true friendship would give a good influence on you at any time.So we should keep it and make it to be a permanent thing.
Reading is a critical part of learning and growth and finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us to read more,understand more,and read joyfully.To my opinion,I think reading right books is helpful and we are what we read.
Spending free time reading can improve our knowloage and save 64r time.What's more,reading can relax our body and let us learn more out of textbooks.Gorky once said:books are the stepping stones to human progress.
So let's read more books to enrich our lives.
The purpose of this report is to comment on the number of people visiting Pigai website in the last four months and propose a marketing strategy for its future.
Over the last four months, it was found that the account of visitors has been increased by 5584.
There are two reasons for the increase.
First of all, it is a rather useful website for students whoever long to improve the ability to write compositions, and its function of modifying intelligently is more and more popular with students.
The click rates on the website has been increased to 1567890 every day.
Secondly, it is very convenient for teachers and students to finish work in the limited times.
In particular, students save the time and improve their learning efficiency.
They finished every writing within 15 minutes, according to the survey.
The teachers cut back on work.
In order to make Pigai website increase conversions to the website, I would propose that we continue using this style of application.
I also propose that we ought to better our website popped up, and make it diversified, rather than simple.
That can make every visitor eased.
Tian'anmen Gate is in the center of our caption, Beijing.
Whenever you hear Tian'anmen Gate, you will remind that day.
On 1 October 1949, the founding ceremony of the People's Republic of China was held here.
On that day, China was founded.
We respect our chairman Mao Zedong ever and forever.
Now, his photo is put on Tian'anmen Gate to show his success.
When China was founded, there were many countries against China.
But our chairman, Mao Zedong, take our country to the strong country with his qualities.
Now, Tian'anmen Gate attracts many tourists all over the world.
It's also the symbol of our country.
Through Tian'anmen Gate, other countries can feel the power of our country.
As a Chinese person, although I have not been there, I'm proud of Tian'anmen Gate.
If you can say 'I'm a really Chinese man' with your hand on your heart, you are great.
We all know the team spirit is important to the state and the people.
Many people think that team spirit is to help each other and pay attention to the interests of the whole.
I think so.
We for the most part hear from our parents and teachers that we should have the team spirit when we are in a team.
As is known to all, team spirit is important to our life.
It can improve our ability of cooperation and efficiency of team work and the sense of responsibility--All in all,it is very important to our life and work.
Many people probably think we should help each other and pay attention to the interests of the whole.
I'm the one of them.
So,if we want to work better,we should improve our team spirit.
This summer,my parents and I are travel Paris.Play all day we are very tired,so we decided to go to nightclub to relax.
Nightclub is a place I must go because haven't been to nightclub means not go to Paris.Many people believe that nightclub is worthless place.In face this is wrong.In Paris,nightclub is the brightest place at night.There are women's beautiful battlefield.There I only a feeling,it is hoot.It is not just the body,the heartis also hot.
In the nightclub,wear whatever I can.I can show myself in the different side.Miniskirt,hot pants and high-heel shose show I sexy side.Canyas shoes or lovely short boots and uniforms to show I pure lovely side.I reality,I was very reserved,so I take a red dress to show my sexy side.
Nowadays the issue of stress has aroused considerable concern, so majority people try to find a suitable way to reduce stress.
Of course, different people hold different views about it.
As for me, I have my unique way of reducing stress.
As far as I'm concerned, the most effective way of reducing stress is ego psychology suggestion.
However, we should know what we need is positive suggestion not negative one.
With positive suggestion, we will become more relaxed and confident in some important occasions.
But the negative one will make things worse and worse, taking an opposite effect on stress.
Next, communicating with others is also a good way.
We can eliminate our bad mood through sharing stress with our loved ones who will always listen to our story and help us relieve the pressure.
When we are undergo high level of stress, we can do some sports.
For example, play basketball, tennis and so on.
Or just sit quietly and listen some light music, these are all good ways of reducing stress.
In a word, it is so common to experience the stress, we should learn to confront it in a positive attitude.
We all can conquer it in our best way.
I am a high school student now .
I think we not only study hardly but also keep in touch with friends in high school life.
I think this question is the most important thing now.
This way show we respect others, promote understanding and build good interpersonal relationships.
The parent listens to the child , this way is good for understanding child and bridge the generation gap.
The teacher listens to the student, this way can know student and satisfy the needs of the students.
Stuents listen to each other can enrich friendship, school record.
We should express something we want.
This way help for the others understand with you.
We should listen carefully with someone talking.
We should give helpful advice to others.
As the professor of Yale, Amy Chau who is chinese live in America writes a book named "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother".
This book introduces how the writer educates her daughters in a strict Chinese the tradition way.
It contains plenty of English vacabulary which is beneficial to improve the reading skills of students.But not everyone is in favor of the ways of education the writer introduces.
There is an argument on it and although the writer's daughters have been admitted accepted by the Yale and Harvard, most of the chinese mothers don't approve it.
There are several things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
If you have puzzles, you can consult your friends,relatives.
You should offer your own information to except classified ones to them.
Or you can find some useful information from the newspaper.
Then you can go to the campus recruitment agency which you are interested in.
You can also make use of the Interent which has many career placement centers.
After log on to an employment site, you should follow the procedure for the online application and you are likely to your dream job.
Last afternoon ,our class saw some video about these AIDS patients.
Some of them,because of the ill their family is broken.Example,the perents died in order to take care of their AIDS "s children,or those patients can not play with others,and so on.
So,as a normal person,I think we should do something for them.
However,what we should to do?First,we should not look down them.Second,we should give a hand to them in life.Third,We can encourage them to life.We believe,if we help them more,their mabey feels better!
Our company is well-known as the professional information, also ranks 249th all over the world.
Now, we will release a new series of textbook for students which will publish in October 1st.
The features of the new textbook are as follows.
Most of all, our professional team will show the knowledge which you intend to take in and lack.
We promise that these books is professional.
Then, we put plenty of money on these books.
Finally, our credit is more than any-other.
If you order our textbooks in first ten days.
Only in ten days can you have discount.
Our press gives a 15% discount to universe students.
Pay attention to the specific.
Otherwise, you could not have cheaper price.
When you become our VIP, not only will have discount, but also you will send a gift which is 180 yuan If you intend to possess these books.
I believe that it is useful to study.
If you intend to possess these books.
You can go to libraries which are in your city.
Our workers will service for you.
As the communications and co-operations between China and Western countries rapidly developed, we can easily recognize that China differs from the West in means of expression, idea of I and way of traveling.
First, most Western people like a simple and straightforward way to express their ideas and feelings; in contrast, Chinese people prefer taking an euphemistic and indirect pattern to convey their emotional feelings to others.
Secondly, Chinese is different from Westerner in that westerner has a strong sense of self-centered consciousness.
On the contrary, people attach importance of modest and "the self" in China.
Finally, while westerner like sightseeing with the eyes; however, cameras are often used to sight-see the scenery for most Chinese people.
Although china and the west have many differences, it does not mean the people of these countries have difficulty in communications.By comparing and contrast the distinctions of China and the West, we can get a deeper understanding of our culture and their culture as well.
Nowadays ,more and more people use new ways of consumption in order to save money,student also like other people ,coupons.group-buy .sale has become popular ways to save money for people ,however ,these ways are good for us ?
as for me ,I don't think we can save our money by using these ways.
Firstly,in order to save money .we may buy less commodity in a point tme ,in addition ,we use conpons to buy commodity,as is known by all, coupons are limited for consumers ,we only could buy the commidity which the market allow us to buy ,so ,after a long time ,we need much commidity to buy ,we will spend much more money than before ,the coupons also stimate us to buy more ,so ,eventually ,we can't save money ,second,when the shop in sale ,we will lose our mind then buy some things that we need't ,third,we think we can save money by group-buy ,but in fact ,,we should need enough people to use the way,thereby,we hardly could use the group-buy ,finally,when we to buy some things,we hardly could remember these ways to save money.
To include ,as a smart comsumer ,we should buy commodity according to our demand and ability,it's no doubt that these ways could us to save money in a way ,but,maybe they make us spend more money.
Currently,more and more discord events happen on campus..For example,Majiajue killed all of his roommates and damaged his bright future.Students would not spare the flowers and trees .Actually similar incident in universities.Thus,it's necessary to construct harmonious campus and depend on all the efforts of students.What's more ,we can not ease study until have a steady environment.The approaches to build harmonious campus as follows.
Firstly,we should cultivate a positive mental attitudes toward everything.Secondly ,the school should be holds various activities to unites classmates and make students understand how important to us human to take good care nature.Last but not least,teachers should encourage student often help each other and solve the problems together,even learn tolerant people.
As far as i'm concerned,constructing tuneful campus not important but necessary,everyone has a responsibility to complete it.It's helpful for we all.
Congratulations on your having promoted to sales manager.
To get a promotion was what you had dreamed of since you came to the this company.For this,you have been working hard,and you took every opportunity .You deserve the honor.
I share your happiness and wish you more success in the future.
As time went by, I ushered in a renew summer vocation.
I take a internship, consequently, I went to the detachment in July 18th.The leader of the detachment led me to a squadron that was close to my home.
Before that I started a 21-day internship.
Our military officer arranged me and other two people in one dormitory.
One of my chums is the best fighter in our detachment.
And he is from Hunan and doesn't like to talk with others.
Which fire disaster we could meet is relatively small, so we usually clean sanitation, go into hard workouts and so on.
What makes me interested most is Army Day.
We have dinner together.
We still held a sports meeting on the weekend.
Although I did not put it over, I also comprehended the meaning of team-working and comrade affection which is friends are the siblings God never gave us.
We often play basketball in the team in our spare time.
We would make a bet first, then, according to the result of each competition we would determine the final champion and which prizes someone can obtain.
It happened that we held a high school basketball league matches.
To our surprise, we won the championship and played a few games with them at dawn.
In conclusion, I hold a firm belief that I've grown up a lot since then and mainly because of the colorful internship.
I also understand that you can go as far as you want to go.
Colours can influence our moods.
Take blue for example,it can create a feeling of relaxed and cheerful.
I still remembered my interview when I join the first club.
There is no doubt that I failed to the text.
From then on,I felt very dejected.
Table until I watch the blue sky.
The vividness gives me relaxed and cheerful.
After that,I regained my confidence.
Colours do have an impact on our moods.
Just find your life colour and enjoy the life.
To some extent, different people will have different ideas whether college students should take advantage of credit cards when some banks stretch their business to university campus.
A lot of people worry about that credit cards may harm to students, while others don't think so.
As far as I'm concerned, I believe it necessary to use credit cards as college students.
With the economic rapidly developing, society step is much swifter than before.
Meantime,everything has two sides and credit card is not an exception,it has both advantages and disadvantages.Neverthless in the opinion of me, it is a fact that credit cards have been becoming very popular in our dailylife.
There are some advantages about them.
Firstly, it is convenient for us to take credit cards when we go to the mall and purchase.Only in this way can we avoid taking too much cash.
Secodly, if we didn't have credit cards ,our possessions would be threatened.
Thus, keeping credit cards ,we can make sure our properties safe.
Last but not least, not only do credit cards have wide the use range but also they have definite security measures just in case they are lost.
In short, credit cards have been playing an increasingly important role in our daily life.
They have already brought us a amount of benefits.
As is known to us,nowadays they have become a section of lives.
Consequently, I wish that everyone could correctly make use of them with objective attitude.
As is described in the picture, a young man lying in the snail shell and he pay for the delivery man.
The picture does mirror a common social phenomenon and is really thought-provoking.
The implied meaning of the picture reveals that many young man would rather staying at home or in the dormitory than go out in recent years.
There are many reasons, and I would like to explore some of the most important here.
First of all, with the development of internet, the people through the computer can not only connect with others but also know everything in the world.
And many young people indulge in network The second reason is that advent of various types of service industry.
You can pay money to other buy something.wash clothes and so on.
Stick in all day will lack of exercise and bad for our health.
What's more that will make people become lazy and easy to rely on others.
In order to eliminate the current phenomenon revealed in the picture.
I have two suggestions.
First, people should be reasonable arrangements for their own life.
Second do more exercise, can not develop a lazy character.
Only in this way can solve this phenomenon.
My hero is Norman Bethune,he is one of the most famous heroes in China.
He was a Canadian doctor,he came to China to help the Chinese people and died for them.
He was born in 1890.
He has many achievements in his life.
He invented many special medical tools to use outside hospital.
And he wrote a lot of books to tell the young doctor how to save the people.
He also saved many Chinese people in the Janpanese war and,one day in 1939,he cut his finger during an operation,but he continued his work without treating it in the end,he died of his wound.
I think he is a very important person in China and he is still remebered in both China and Canada today.
Now with the social development, people have more and more free time to do other things they like.
On the one hand , most of people will plain their free time to do things they like.
On the other hand people will not do some form for their free time, to be more freedom.
In my opinion, do some plain for free time is necessary.
In the first place, a plain with a table can help help people understand their work clearly during free time.
Most time, people will not care what things they have done, especially when they are relax.
Therefore, they always forget to do somethings or do something repeated.
In this time a plain is a good way for people to discern what they have done and what they need to do.
For example, during they summer holiday, teachers always give students lots of homework in a short time, therefore students would forget what homework they have done and what they did not do.
Thus a plain is necessary at that time.
The plain can indicate the homework directly.
Therefore a plain for free time is necessary.
In addition, a good plain for leisure time can help people use the time more efficiency.
In the leisure, people will have a free condition, which means they will be lazy and do not care the time anymore.
Thus the waste in time would become a big problem.
They will use lots of time in unnecessary things.
However a plain for the time can help them practice time opinion.
The time period can help them save time from useless things.
For example, during holiday students always wake up until time that later than normal life, and when they doing things will become slowly.
Therefore they will waste a lot of time and less time to study.
A time table can help them save time they will be control to do things during a limited time which can help them save more time to study.
In conclusion, I think a plain for leisure time is necessary for people, becasue people can know what things they need to for the plain, also it is a good way for people to save time due to the time table.
Therefore with a efficiency table for the free time, people will be benefited.
with the advancement of our society, people 's view on Book VS Practice vary from one to another.
some insist on read books is more important than practice.
we can make us wisely by reading books.
However, others disagree by stating that practice is more important than read books, only practice can make reading more valuable.
From my perspective, I think both reading and practice are important in our daily life, we should combine them together , because practice just like the catalyst, the information of books is pretty thin stuff unless mixed with practice.
On the one hand, without practice experience the objective of reading would be futile.
For instance, Ma Su.
He is the disciple of the legendery character Zhu Ge Liang in the Romance of Three Kindoms.
He had read almost all the books at that time, so he was good at analyzing information and come up with brilliant plans.
But when he was appointed as a commander, who would have thought of he met his Wterloo for the lack of practice experience.
On the other hand, practice is combination of two things, knowledge and experience.
At the beginning, we should gather more useful knowledge to make us stronger and then through apply and practice to guide us how to make the best of information.
After we got the knowledge which we needed, we can put ourself totally in the practice.
You would found the practice helps us to gain experience and knowledge beyond our books.
In short, as a college student, we should exert great efforts to accumulate as much valuable experience as we can , which can make information thick and make us live better.
Not everyone can become a hero.They have a lot of quality and spirit of sacrifice oneself to protect others like.The four heroes in the air disaster behaved as they did.As we can see they could not make ice storms,or freeze the water until it froze the blood,but they could hand life over to a stranger,and that is a power of nature too.
They could never have imagined such a capacity in themself.Only minutes before their character was tested.For at some moment in the water they must have realized that they would not live if they continued to hand over the rope and ring to others.They had to know it,no matter how slow the effect of the cold.They felt they had no choice.I believe that they was likewise giving a lifeline to those who watched their.So they can become.
They take their leave birth and death,the final achievement of the others may have no relationship with them.
They in the water set themself against an immovable,impersonal enemy;they fought it with kineness;and they held it to a standoff.They was the best we can do.
As is known to us all, difficulty is arounding our life .However ,when ou meet with failure ,how to deal with it .
Maybe some people will expand the role of failure , and look down on themselves.And with the time goes by, They still stand there, In the end ,They can't get rid of difficulties and can't rid themselves of regret.
On the contrary,Others will look down on the failure ,and learn from the failure ,Then, it will take them a little time to get over the difficulties.In the end ,They will be seccuses.
As far as I'm concerned ,Some of the most successful people in the world are the one's who've had the most failures,so when we meet with difficulty, we should believe that "No one's born being good at all things" We should spare no effort to get over it ,and let our failure teach ourselves.
Now,with the development of society English is becoming more and more important.However you might not be very clear of the reason you learn english.
Some people think learning English is to make a living.They believe English is just a tool we communicate with others.So when learning English they just read some common English sentences.
There are also other views about learning English.Some other people regard English as a means to improve self-cultivation.This idea direct them learn English in many manner of ways.They not only read Engllsh articles but also try to write some English essays.
In my opinion,English is not just a kind of language but also a type of culture which is different from ours.So,learning English is good for both physical and mental life.
Recently, newspaper has reported that, the local government wants to turn a mountainous area near Guiyang into a "central business district".
It raises a lot of discussion in the society.
When it comes to economy development and environment protection, people often regard them as two opposing sides.
In fact, it is not always right.
China is the biggest developing country.
When we put emphasis on developing economy, we also need to give consideration to the environment.
Nowadays, environmental deterioration is worse than before.
To me, I prefer the environment protection to economy development or at least, developing these two causes together.
The reasons are as following.
First of all, to some extend, culture is a symbol of a nation or region.
As to Guiyang, it is marked as a place of interest.
When people hear the name of Guiyang, people may feel they are surrounded by the beautiful nature.
Guiyang's mainstream culture is about tourism.
What's more, by far, people only can live on the earth to enjoy their daily lives, even though the technologies develop fast.
It is well-known that the speed of environmental deterioration is amazing.
Once I saw a piece of public service advertisement reads that, the forest whose size is the same as two football fields is disappearing with each passing second.
When we make efforts on developing economy, we also need to pay attention to protect our only home.
As we all know that nature is generous.
It provides suitable conditions for human beings to survive and develop.
And nature is also merciless.
It takes revenge on endless exploitation.
These days, there are more natural disasters all over the world than before.
We must pay enough attention to it.
Turning a mountainous area into a "central business district" which only focuses on the increase in profits absolutely will do damage to the natural scenery of the mountain.
At last, instead of building a "central business district" which do harm to the local environment, we can come up with a good idea to develop the economy.
That is taking advantages of the local beautiful scenery.
This mountainous area can be developed as a tourist attraction.
The local government can make some good and beautiful short filmed advertisement and make out the most distinguish features of the local areas.
Then on the basis of not changing the current environment, build some hotels with traditional characteristics of local areas in line with local conditions.
These hotels will attract many tourists home and abroad.
In this way, it can not only promote the development of tourism, but also without doing damage to the local environment.
At the same time, it will largely drive the development of economy.
To sum up, I prefer to combine economy development with environment protection.
Developing this mountainous area to be a tourist attraction is a prefect way to keep the good points of both economy and environment.
It is the practical applications of the View of Sustainable Development advocated by our central government.
In this way, economy development and environment protection will be managed in a virtuous circle.
Amy Chau,the professor of the Yale University, who had written a famous book named "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother", holding an American nation but a Chinese.
The book introduced a tale including the writer and her two daughters , the writer educated her daughters with the strict Chinese traditional ways of education.A large amout of English words covered the book in many ways, which has positive meaning to improve the ability of students' reading.However, the approachings of the writer has caused violent argument in publics.
Though her seventeen-year-old daughter has got the permission by Yale and Harvard University, most Chinese mother was still opposed to what writer had done.
As we all know, books are the ladder of human progress.
We often reade on growth and learning has an important influence, we can use our spare time to read one of the books they like.
Because reading can broaden our horizons, enhance our knowledge and get to know more friends, can also improve our communicative competence and make our life full of holp.
For example, a person often reads, his tone feal very contect, in life would be welcomed by more people.
Finding a job will be easier than others, because of his knowledge more than others.
So, only good reading, we should choose some suitable books to read, I believe that through reading can make us a better future.
When I pick up the pen, ready to write about how college affected my life, it dawns upon me that I am at the beginning of my junior year in college, and what I will write about is just the effect produced by first two-year college life.
I am not sure whether college will still continue to affect my life, give me new insight and make me change.
Generally speaking, college has shaped my values and changed my opinions about the society, the world and the life.
For one thing, college has changed my attitude to the textbooks.
Ever before I have thought what the textbooks tell us is always right.
And sometimes we like to cite something in textbooks to illustrate or demonstrate that we are right.
Nevertheless, after two-year learning, I find sometimes textbooks may make mistakes and are not objective, even something fabricated.
Textbooks are written and edited by some people and there is no doubt different people have different opinions, so textbooks written by different people are different, even to the same issue.
Now, whenever I choose textbooks, I prefer relatively objective ones.
For another thing, college has made me pay more attention to the society, especially some social problems.
Though with the roaring increase of economy, people's life has changed a lot, problems still cannot be ignored.
When we enjoy our life, there are still a host of people stuck in poverty, loneliness and pain, for example, children in famine, seriously judicial injustice, unstable social welfare, unequal social status and so on.
There are still more people who have no voices to say what they want to.
We, the college students, the educated citizens, should take more social responsibilities and moral duties to help these people and change their situation and conditions.
These are what I have thought college affected and changed until now.
Many people have ever thought about the meaning of college, and more people remain on the surface, unwilling to dig into it, for fear that even if they could get it, they cannot stick to it in their life.
I also have this fear in my heart, but I know, always people are beaten by themselves, which is not what I want.
The college years do not end, and changes will never end.
As the coin has two sides.There are two sides to everything.Such as the cooperative learning.The most of the students think it is a good way to learn.It is more interesting.
Part of students do not think so.They suggest that it is boring to absorb for us.
As far as I can see,I like the former.There are the reason.First,Cooperative learning make us hardworking,it makes us love learning more,We will contrast with other groups.It is use for studying.,but cooperative learning make me vitality.Second,I like to discuss with friends.Last but not least,I like a lively atmosphere.Cooperative make us conscious of power of unity.
As a result,I like cooperative learning more.Our English class use cooperative learning.This is a way that very original way.I like it extremely.
I am very glad to hear from you .How time flies.We both are in university .You ask me what kind of books should we read .Now let me show you my view.
Francis Bacon once said,"Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
"Based on what he said ,we can safely draw a conclusion that we should read books for the sake of our character development and personal growth.
Many modern university students prefer to read light literature than classic work as a result of the fast-paced lifestyle.
In my perspective,nothing can bring us more knowledge and joy than classic work since they are the positive results of wisdom created by outstanding figures in history.
As many people say,reading classics plays a significant role to one's growing.When you are reading a classical book,you are having a deep talk with the author,involved into a brand new world.
Classics can be read heaps of times.As for me,I have read Pride and Prejudice for more than twenty times since I am 12,which has a long-term impact on me.Everytime I read it,I can acquire a new reading experience.
Reading classics can broaden our horizon and heighten our ability even if they are passing into silence as time goes by.
Best wishes to you.
With the development of the society, air pollution is getting more and more serious .
Many factors contribute to this problem.
First of all, more and more families bought nongovernmental cars, thus resulting in much heavier traffic problem and more serious air pollution.
Then, many factories are pouring heavy smoke into air which causes serious air pollution.
Besides, a large amount of waste water from the factories, making rivers fish less and unfit to drink and swim.
Furthermore, a lot of trees have been cut down without proper plans.
We should spare no effort to beautify our environment.
As far as I'm concerned that It's time to take some measures to fight against pollution.
Clean energy can be utilized to take place of gas.
What's more, we can plant more trees, grass to reduce the unfavourable effects of pollution air.
All in all, if everybody raises the awareness of environment protection and does something to stop it, we will have a clean and tidy environment.
I'm glad to talk about my interesting vacation.
I went to Japan by plane in July,and I stayed there about 10 days with my parents.
It's not only an advanced country,which has high building and robot;but also a polite country,because there people who is very firend and kind.
Once I went back to China,I went to my grandparent's house.
I often chatted with my grandma, walked the dog with my grandparent,ate some delicious food with my little cousin,and helped my grandparent do some housework.
Then I stayed at home doing my homework last day.
Recently, an increasing number of people are choosing online shopping, no matter who would know about it.
It is obvious that online shopping is rather convenient for people to buy their love things.
That is to say, online shopping is becoming a new way of shopping.
Nevertheless, the disadvantages of online shopping are exposing to people.
First, when people got the things that bought from online shopping, finding them bad as they saw.
The qulities of things they bought are far away corrent with their expection.
Second, the online shopping was controlled by the bad criminal, they will take people's trust and cheat their money.
Last but not least, people will be lost their confidence if they have be cheat, they would choose to buy things in reality instead of online shopping.
peasonally, the online shopping is promising with the development of the technology.
I am definitely in favour of online shopping.
It is so convenient that too many people select the way to buy things.
So the reluct company should take more messures to ensure the quality and fame.
Only in this way can people take advantage of online shopping regularly.
Most people assume actions speak louder than words,which is expressed here and there in our life.
For example,it was your turn to be on duty that week,while you were occupied with something others.Then you asked your classmate to help you,and he promised that he would do the sweep .However,so surprised were you that you found the floor was dirty the next day.
On the contrary,your friend cleaned the room instead of you without your requirement.
It's obviously that we can know the second is a real friend,but the first one is a person who is totally unreliable.We all hate to be promised with something that is never done with action.
Action is the only way to make people admire you.
Do not talk much, just do it.
Recently, The network real-name system was debated by people.
Some people consider this system can give us a reliable source of information ,while others point out that this system maybe leak personal privacy.
There is no distrust that everything has two sides which the network real-name system is no exception.
The government can take effective measures to mange network easily by network real-name system.
This system also can build up netizen's responsibility.However; some people harm others to benefit oneself for short-term interest.
In my opinions, the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages in some way.
Otherwise, it lays a solid foundation for setting up a good network environment.
So I support the idea which regards the system as a good measure in the network.
The result shows that 45% of high school students spend most of money on books while the majority of middle school students spend much money on snacks.That is because as a student preparing for the College Entrance Examinations, high school teachers recommend that students should read many kinds of books.
On the contrary, so relaxed and free do they feel that they spend much money on snacks and games.
It is assumed that spending much time on computer games is a waste of time.
What is worse, such kind of addiction may become invitations to social problems,thus causing serious crimes.
Meanwhile, as is shown in the chart, a number of students spend money on sports, accounting for 25% and 15%.
Besides, sports are perhaps the most popular form of relaxation that all almost can enjoy.
Above all, using money correctly not only improves students' creativity, but also cultivates many skills that will continue to be useful to throughout their lives.
What the picture clearly reflects is a common phenomenon in the younger generation.
It shows many people perfer stay at home than go out.
They lie in bed and there are books, telephone and computer around them.
When they would like something to eat or drink, they can order the meal from KFC or other restaurants and the meal will be sent to their home.
Many factors lead to this problem.
The main reasons are as folloes: first, with the development of science and technology, people perfer to do things at home using compuyer.
Second, the narrow circle of modern life.
Finally, prices are higher, it can save money at home.
Opinions on the homebody vary from person to person.
Some are in favor of the side of agreement because they can save more time to do more things and the skin will be white.
But others hold an opposite.
They firmly point out don't go out for a long time will feel strange about the outside things.
Personally, I am on the side of the latter argument.
Staying at home will feel tired, just like a cage bird have no happiness.
What's more, you will be fatter if you stay at home without any exercises.
In order to change this situation, you can participate in community activities.
You can also go to climb mountains or travel when you are free.
You can go to park for a walk when finish your dinner.
The air outside is more fresh than at home.
Now, it's convenient to go shopping,and more and more people are using Credit Cards.
Some people think the credit card very advantageously to us.They hold their view for the reason that they can use it convenient .They need not to carry a lot of money.The Credit Cards can be used to expend ahead of time and overdraws .So a lot of people like using it to go shopping.Some others thing that using a Credit Card to pay is not good.
The credit card have many frauds.We can not see our money.We don't know that how the money is gone.There are some frauds.
From my point of view,the Credit Card is convenient to shopping .The reason is that we need it at present .But we need to attention to our Credit Cards spending records.Do not deceived.To improve our risk awareness is very important.
From my perspective,I disagree with that student as learning basic skills is so important that we must learn it well,or else we won't solve the problems in our daily life easily.For example,without learning Multiplication Table,we can't figure out the amoumt when we are buying something in the markets,and we are not able to build up any construction even making a plane is also a big problem.
Basic skills are so necessary in our life that no matter how the job market develops,they always play an essential role.We can't ignore them and we must learn these basic skills if we would like to be a great and famous scientist or an engineer and so on because mile by mile it's a trial;yard by yard it's hard;but inch by inch it's a cinch.
Nowadays,whether the travelling is valuable or not,travelling has become a popular controversial issue and this topic has aroused the great public concern.Facing this issue,individuals hold the different opinion.Some people think travelling abroad is worth for them to implement while the other people believe travelling just only waste their time instead of doing many important affairs.I am the supporter of the former view and I enjoy travelling deeply,because travelling abroad is one of my dreams to come true.As far as I am concerned,travelling not only can expand our horizon and improve our mental and physical heath.
How many benefits that travelling give for us?Several advantages attribute to it are as following.In the first place,with the rapid boom of economy and society,more and more people are wealthier than before.Except it,as to the vehicles are advanced to arrive everywhere in a short time.So they can travel conveniently and fast and they can go to the the other countries easily.Then they can acknowledge the customs in different countries so that they can communicate with foreigners without generation gap.
In the second place,through travelling,we can find the biggest joy of our life and make our life wonderful and colorful.I think both middle-aged people and youngsters should trave for many times a year.Furthermore,especially the young people who trave a lot ,the wider horizon they will get.For the English major students,they can take this opportunity to improve their oral English and skills and it is a simple and efficient way.Last but not least,we can expand our social circle and open up a smooth way for our career.Travelling is fraught of joyness and venture to exercise our bravery and enhance our physical quality.On the contrary,the other part peole say,time is money,they are eager to make considerablemoney not trave in the life.They maybe worry about the economic status or they want to campaign with their family for a long time and do some meaningful things to make them happier.
All in alll,everyone has their own choices,we aren't sure whether they are right or wrong.I perfer to travelling rather than watching Tv and films.I trust in that travelling brings me a valuable experience ang brilliant lifestyle.
With the economy developing in modern cities, there are serval situations founded by people clearly little by little that cellphones have been used at school more and more.
using many people realize it has both advantages and disadvantages as flowing.
By using cellphones at school, students can get extra knowledge what they didn't understand in class from the phones.
Not only can they get information from it but also they do open their eyes out of the books.
There is a saying that every corn has two sides, people who use cellphones at school may get bad grades out of the tests for they sometimes play games or do something useless of study.
What's more, even some students pay no attention to study.
effects on students.
But after all, it all depends on the people's behaviours.
In my opinion, the cellphones should be used suitably and it needs to control as well.
Therefore we get the conclusion that cellphones can be bad and wonderful depending on how you use and behave.
High school is over.
College life has begun.
Nearly everyone is aware that college is different from high school in the areas of living quarters, freedom, and difficulty of the courses.
In high school, school attendance was no doubt mandatory.
Your parents made you go to school.
If you missed, you needed a note to excuse this absence.
In college, the attendance policy is much more relaxed.
Most college professors do not bother taking attendance.
If you have a large class of more than one hundred people.
Even if many of times no on would check you attending the class,you still need to go.If you miss too many classes, you will miss important course material, and even lose your grades.
Another issue to note: some financial aid offices require proof that you are attending the courses that you are getting the aid more.
This is something to keep in mind.
In high school, you get homework, in-class assignments, papers, tests, and other grades which compose your final grade for the course.
