Do you remember me?yesterday I realize my dictionary have been forgot in your home,so I want to you sent it back to me.
Firstly,I would appreciate you helping me.When I staied in America,my teacher gave me this dictionary.so it is very precious for me.In my memory,the dictionary may be in the bookcase.I was so careless that make a big mistake.
I will pay the postage,thank you very much.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
After ten years, I will be 27 years old, and maybe I will get married with someone I truly loved.
We may live in a small house together, but it should be warm and sweet.
I might be a professional photographer, have a stable job, and traveling with my family on my vacation, I can take pictures on the journey.
I will go jogging every morning around the park witch near to my community, that can keep me healthy.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman.
He is very happy because he poured water to the meat.
While the woman is very happy, too.
Because she used the false 100-yuan note.
Nowadays, many people are dishonest and often cheat each other in order to get their own benefit.
People become cunning, which causes the estrangement between each other.
For more, people lost their trust.
As for as i am concerned, honesty is a important tradition of china .
Learn to how to honest about everything, which makeas us feel more happy and lead a harmonious society.
As students, we should be honst in our studu, and live actively life.
I want to be a doctor in the future , because I can help many patients become healthy, the patients family will be very happy.
I would be very happy.
My favorite state is South Korea, because there are my favorite stars.
In the future my life there will be many friends and me grow up together.
It's your food and drink healthy?I have got some halthyto food and drink.Noodles meet rights vegetables fruit are healthy food.Milk juice are healthy drink.Color isn't health drink and hamburgers and ice cream are aren't healthy food.How to stay healthy?
According to the two paragraphs,we can clearly get the information about this topic.And we often hear or see this phenomenon on the screen.And just as we can see in this paragraph,Chinese tourists always do some bad things beyond seas.When people in China see news like this,they always feel angry and embarrassed.They will think why our Chinese couldn't have a good behavior,why the tourists even bring this bad behavior to abroad.what a shame!Some people guessed ''Were the 'wrongdoers' aware they were breaking the rules?
"But the answer is "No".But no one really knows why this thing always happens.
As for me I firmly agree with the author's sayings.
One reason we can easily know is that our children can't hold on themselves well,and often do things at will even our adults as well.They will do everything they want to do as long as their parents didn't blame to them.Their parents,however,didn't have a well-developed life qualities.When their children do such things like this,they may say nothing to stop their children,on the contrary,they may encourage their children and are proud of which they have already done.Therefore when we see or hear this situation we needn't to blame them and feel angry or shame,what we need to do is to think why this thing will happen,if you were him,what will you do?
And we also need to develop ourselves and set an example to our offspring.
Another reason is just like the author said,what made this situation happened because of a lack of cultural communication.When our tourists go aborad,we may do something as we often do in our families,we think it's no more common in our daily life.However the people in that countries didn't think as our ways,they believe what our tourists want to destroy their treasure.But in fact the truth is that our tourists may just want to do something meaningful.And there is a big misunderstanding in it.It's a good way to study some cultures when we decide to go that country for a visit.It can reduce a lt of misunderstandings through the journey.
Taking all these into considerations,we can find out all these questions and have methods to solve it.
China.We all know that,the South Keroa,which used the system so many years,had resisted the system before a couple of month ago.the reason is people's information be stolen by hackers,which really made us frightenly.
Obviously,the NRS can prevent those growning-ups from internet creams.Also,can less students to be addicted to online-games.the thrid,it also can help police to find or catch a ceamer.
So,the NRS is really a double-edge sword.In my persener note, CHINA can use the NRS ,becuse the postive efficts much bigger than the sad effects.
Hellow everybody here.
I'm the second one to make the speech.
And I want to be the the position of chairman of our school's Students' Union.
I think it is a chance for me to compete against myself.
Making a speech at the hall needs a great amount of confidence which I was lack of.
On the other hand ,I'm really love my school.And I consider myself was able to make our school better and more beauytiful.So I am here to compete for the the position of chairman of our school's Students' Union.
Among the students ,I think I have some advantages .
First, I have studied here for two years.Thus ,I know the school's everything.I have also participated in the student union and I know what we should do.The another reason is that my communication skill is very good .
With it I can explain many things and I beleive I can control the Students' Union.
If i am elected ,I will do my best to make our school better.I will add many new clubs and organize more activities.
My speech is over.Please support me, thank you!
my school is big and beautiful.
There are thirty-three classrooms in our school.
Our classroom is on thefourth fioor.
There is library on the first floor.
There is a coaft room on the first floor too.
There is an Art room on the second floor.
There two the loboratory room on the third floor.
Thereis a computer room on the fourth floor.
There is a the princlpal's room on the second floor.
There is a dancing room on the fourth floor.
There is a Music room on the first floor.
There is a big playground in our school.
There are some student on the playground.
They like playground football.
They're very happy.
I love my school very much.
I dreamt of the university various sciences when I was young.In my heart ,the university is a place like paradise.
After high school after three yeas of affort ,I went to the dream of university last September 6th.It embarrassed for me that it took me a few hours to find the school ,because I can not find the way .I was so tired ,but I also feeled very happy and excited when I stood at the school gate.
I remembered that I did not recognize no one else ,it made me feel lonely even helpless ,I did not know that what I can do at that time when I faced all strange ,also was almost in tears .Fortunately ,I found my roommates were friendly and outgoing ,so we got along well with each other on later days ,sometimes , we ate the delicious ,told jokes and saw a movie ,it made us like family.
At other times ,I would participate in some activities ,like took part in the student union ,listened so many nice songs ,and saw the beauties dancing .It let me feel the college novel and interested .
As far as I am concerned ,the college life is so great ,and I love the university very much ,I will good study and get good grades at this school .I will be a good teacher after four years .
Compared with the past, society and economical have transform.
So with the improvement of the standards of living, in the way we live have turn a lot.
Such as clothes, food and transportation.
Firstly,in the past, Clothes didn't have more style, and it's so long and ample.
However, now, tight and short is favorite, because of letting ourlook more thin and pretty.
Secondly,the food also has many variety, the facility and quickly is fast-food, and we always dine out.
Nevertheless, people always have dinner at home in the past.
Finally, now, the transportation are more convenient, you can arrive where you want to go at short time.
On the contrary,you spend short time from here to there in the past.
entertain have more change, letting our life more colorful.
I'm delight with living in the modern life.
At the other side of the world live such creatures whom been alleged that being endowed with heart songs throughout their whole lives.A creature without a flipper, but can still "fly"to your heart with their innocence.A creature without reserving the common sense of human beings,but bearing a life of virtues being credited by people from generation to generation.
This is a common story concerning the lives of Happy Feet,penguins on the land.From all accounts,penguins are taken as the patron saints of the South Pole.It is a common morning of everyday life,penguins do their procedures of fishing,singing,frolicking,which have become their regularities in the course of gregarious lives.In this limitless and pure white world,Being penguins exempts them from all the trials and tribulations of mundane life.There are heaps of times of being leisure,virtually have trimmed off all the secularities of human world.
On this common morning with everyday sunshine,penguin family members content themselves with just being together and sharing this glory brimming with eternal sunshine.I like to recall numerous sunny days:"I was rich,if not in money,in sunny hours and sunny days.
"Idleness is the most attractive thing towards all the people.They adore each other guided by their intuition.They live this sort of simple life sharing the joys and secrets as well as griefs.In every moment of penguins' life time,they are not alone.
Wherever you are and whoever you may be,for thousands of years,a wall of detachment and untruth have been built up between people.Gone was those barely emotions of pursuing simple lives,when we looked back,years of growing have sapped us of our innocence.We're prone to blur the distinction between desire and what we really need.In which situation, it must be conceded that,we have an insatiable appetite for both desire and lust far beyond what we need and simply want.
In the face of all adversities,out of deference to life's regularities ,the only way human beings can be strong is to be the most adaptable man.For thousands of years,we adore the way that animals live.Things we can gain from penguins are that joy in lives comes from having fine emotion,trusting others.Joy in living can never be assumed as a given and only by naturally inherited from others then passing to others,can we gain an eternal happiness.
Every day bring with it different sunshine in our homes and hopes.We just at the beginning of a new day,leisurely and idly.To share the eternity glory with happy feet,in every other day.
There are lots of Chinese tradition Chinese Festivals.There are Spring Festivals,Lantern Festicals,Tomb-sweeping Festivals,Dragon Boat Fstivals,Mid-Autumn Festivals and so on.But my favourite tradition Chinese festival is Spring festival.
At spring festival,we have a big family dinner.We can eat delicious food.And I can wear my beautiful clothes,and my new shoes.And I aiways get a Hongbao.It means lucky money.I can make dumplings wath my mother.I can help my father clean my house.I will visit my grandparents.And I will play with my good friends.We can make a snowman together.We will be very happy!
As is vividly showed in the picture, the picture shows that father and son of the conversation.
The picture suggests that if you want to do something, you should start from the minor matter.
In you study ,you want to make progess, you should do something step by step,but if you want to suceed immediately, you can get nowhere ,besides,in you life ,when you climb a mountain ,you should also climb step by step ,rather than a step to reach the top of the mountain .everyone is not the ability.the government also to do this.if the government want to control the pollution of the environment,the government also plant many trees and flowers first,the government can not make the environment better immediately.
So the son is wrong.
we should start from the minor matter,start from every little bit, as the saying goes candripping wears away the stone.
Now most of the college students do something un-confident: answering the questions in the class ,saluting some difficult works , doing work in the exams , talking with others ,etc .
So there are many reasons for the above phenomenon .
Again and again , make a knowledgeable person and keep a happy moon all the life .
In addition , learning to more knowledge can help you set up your confidence .
In my opinion ,the best way that do something that you can do to set up your confidence .
Also the confidence is very crucial for the college students on campus .
How to be a volunteer Too much people in need in the world.
They need our help.
So we should hold a warm heart to give a hand.
First, we should take in some basic skills that we just how to help others.
Second, we should hold a warm heart to Treat everyone request.
Last but not least, we should try our best to help other regardless of succeed or failure to instead of holding a negative attitude to help support appears on its face.
As last, I feel strongly that only in this way can we build a harmonious society.
As the saying goes, Nothing is difficult if you put your head into it.
Let's join the meaningful activity.
I just learned a delicate tale about two mice.
One is a town mouse and the other is a country mouse.
The story roughly described a town mouse thinking living in the town was far superior to living in the country invited the country cousin to stay with him and experience the different lifestyle in the town.
Nevertheless the country mouse preferred the peace in its own house and ran back home.
It is a minor tale reflecting our human's choice between living in town and country.
There are different advantages and disadvantages between living in town and country.
Put it another way, what may be a pleasurable place to live for one person may not good for another.
We must admit that it's more convenient in many ways and people have a flexible choice on entertainment.
There're multi-screen cinema and numerous shops.
But on the other hand, it is crowded and the environment is dirty and dangerous to live.
However, the air in the country is fresh and a peaceful surrounding can give us an inner equilibrium though there is a lack of access to hospitals and education.
Perhaps it is time to have a fresh look at the attitude where to live.
As for me, I'd like to choose country life as I care much more about a nature environment.
I don't like the high-speed in town.
What's more, the transport system in the country is becoming better in recent years.
Nowadays, an increasing number of people prefer to communicate on the internet.And there is no denying that network communication have become an important social communication.
But people hold different views about it,some people are of the opinion that network communication is a kind of communication advance.They think that communicating on the internet is so convenient and cheaper, that means they don't have to use the phone and they don't need to pay the expensive telephone fare.
Because surfing on the internet pay less money.
While other people point out that network communication is harm for face-to-face-communication because it will reduce the people' EQ.
people communication on the internet doesn't need to care about what they say,it makes people become more and more irresponsible.
As for me.I agree to the former idea.Because communicating on the internet is sign that mean our world have entered a high speed development environment .We should face it, accept it,not to against it.
No, i don't.
No, i do't.
That's why i think making friends with a clever preson is more necessary than making friends with a humorous person.
First, the clever friend can give you some changes to gains the successary.
Moreover, the intelligent friend can help you solve some problems.
Last but not least, you can be more clever form the meeting with your bright friend.
In a word, the intelligent friend can give you successary or other benifit.
So, i think making a intelligent friend is better.
There is a famous lake which is named the West lake in the west of Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.
The west lake covers about 6.3 square kilometers and includes kinds of spectacular sights such as Tiger-running Spring , The Lingyin Temple,Su Causeway and so on.
And it is known as the first batch of national key scenic area in China.
So if you are willing to have a good view as well as feel Chinese silk culture, coming here is a wonderful choice.
The Leifeng Pagoda lies in the south of the west lake.
The pagoda which is unusual is about 71.679 meters.
Being a pagoda of Buddhism, it is not only famous for Buddhist culture but also for Poetry culture.
What's more, its great scenes are worth visiting, too.
In addition, the beautiful love story of Xu Xian and Bai Suzhen which every Chinese must know about also happened here.
The sad end of the love story make the pagoda more mystical and more interesting.
So come here and learn more about the love story besides the pagoda.
It is such an unbelievable place.
If possible, never miss the chance to visit the beautiful and educational scene.
This week, we hold a moot about whether we should keep animals in zoos.
About 40% of students thought it's correct to do that because we can see animals from different places in a short time.
The animals, especially the endangered animals can be taken a good care of.
The other student including me thought it's cruel to animals.
In our opinions, animals belong to the nature and they love living in the nature.
Many animals are too big to play lightheartedly in the cold iron cages.
If an animal loses its freedom, although it needn't worry about food and so on, it will be never happy.
Instead of that, we should try our best to protect animals.
First, hunting unbridledly is so harmful that we can't do that.
Most importantly, we should protect the natural environment because it is the home to animals.
Having been a student for a year, I definitely realize the role of modern universities.
With society developing, going to universities is more and more important as every teenager's life path.
The Harvard University, one of the most famous universities all over the world, incorporate teaching students learning skills into their mission.
Indeed, university is not like a bridge connecting knowledge and students, but also a guide to the ideas, chances and society.
It is a place where a person can learn large amounts of knowledge of nature, society and science., a place where human can have a calm heart to think some professional problems instead of some life sundries, a place where he can realize the society and can make the best use of his youth.
When a student graduates from a university, he has more hope,experience , courage and power than the one who doesn't do.
Whether west or east universities, there is in every university's task the teaching students how to paly himself.
My stomping university's motto stresses the virtue of honest.
One person in society, how to promote himself is very important.
Even a person who is 80 doesn't know how to live and what the value of life is.
Thanks to university, it undoubtedly teachs students how to walk on the way of life.
In a word, university is not palying a important role in every student's life, but also promote the speed of society developing paces.
If a country has no university, we couldn't imagine how the country develops.
I get up at six in the morning.
Then I wash my face and brush my teeth.
After a quick breakfast, I go to school on foot.
It takes us more than 10 minutes to get there.
We have four hours classes in the morning.
I have luch at school with my classmates the food is really delicious .
After five classes in the afternoon, school is over.
Then we clean our classroom.
I get home at about half past five.
We have dinner at seven.
After dinner I do my homework.
If I finish my homework early, I can watch TV for half an hour.
I go to bed at half past nine or ten.
Despite global economic downturn and luxury tax jump up, the enthusiasm of Chinese purchasing luxury goods have not decline.Since 2000, China's economy growing rapidly and Chinese consumers' purchasing power increase with each passing day.The purchasing of luxury goods is affected by continued growth of China GDP.According to the HSBC report, as JI YI, Meng Fang Yuan, Suresh Kumah says (2013) "China only consumed 5% Luxury product in 2007.
"When it comes to 2013, according to a report by Goldman Sachs, China's luxury consumption accounts for 25% of the global market, making China second only to Japan in global luxury consumption (as cited in Understanding luxury consumption in China: Consumer perceptions of best-known brands, 2011).There is no doubt that the raising economy is a significant reason encouraging Chinese buy luxury, but there also have multiple causes.The Chinese purchase motivation can analyze from three perspectives, which are individual aspect, social aspect and Chinese special methods of communication.
First of all, individual psychological activity can influence Chinese motivation of buying luxury goods.It seems that there are many relationships between the individual values and the boost for luxury consumption.
(as cited in Luxury values and experience as drivers for consumers to recommend and pay more)However, individual values can be separated in two parts, which are hedonism and self-identity.Hedonism is connected to personal rewards and compliance (as cited in Luxury values and experience as drivers for consumers to recommend and pay more).People buy those luxuries to gift and satisfy themselves.In addition, consumers choose products not only focus on luxury's performance and quality but also consider the extension of product value, which means they want distinguished service.The motivation about buying luxury is to be treated in a superior way and be identified as a successful person.On other words, luxury to be seemed as a symbol of power and status.
(Ji Yi et al.
, 2013)Furthermore, motivation of Chinese buy luxury goods is associated with self-identity.Some people in China becomes wealthier and wealthier.They want to show their economic strength through holding luxury products.The motivation of Chinese wants luxury goods is inclined to meet the psychological needs of their self-worth.
Meanwhile extrinsic oriented also affect motivation of Chinese buying luxury products.External influence is bringing by a social group.People use luxury products to show their social status and integration into a social circle.Luxury goods show a person's taste and their role in society.When a person's economic strength reaches a certain height, they would tend to seek social status.However, the luxury goods can commendably reflected their position in society.People who do not have enough food or have low social status will never consider buying a Patek Philippe watch.According to Sandra Maria Correia Loureiro a, n, Cristiano Mineiro Branco de Arau jo b(2013) states that "Social values are closely linked to what others say and reflect the participation of the community and society in general " , so this phenomenon lead to a consumption view, which is herd consumption.Consumers would not buy luxury product independently, they pay more attention to high social status that bring by those products.Whereas, poplar fashion of luxury goods are not immutable.It will be changed with the changing of popular themes.Ji Yi et al (2013) say: "Oftentimes consumers will pay premiums for luxury goods with no significant differences in quality simply to reflect a high status.
"Moreover, they often effect by public taste and what is popular.For some people, other's opinions are more important than the real value of luxury goods.
Chinese social method is anther cause affects the consumption of luxury goods.According to Ji Yi, Meng Fang and Suresh Kumah, luxury is needed by society, and it plays an important role in people's daily life and communication activities, which always represented the product owner's taste, aesthetic, knowledge, achievement and even value standards.
(Ji Yi et al.
, 2013)In other words, the luxury is not only a commodity but also a signal for each other.
Furthermore human resource in a kind of intangible property.
Thus, people may get useful information though giving luxury goods.Courtesy calls for reciprocity is a common way in Chinese traditional culture of communication.Precious gifts will show more respect, so luxury will be the first choice.It is very common that Chinese use luxury products to develop or maintain a relationship.
To sum up, as all the information showing above present that Chinese people purchase luxury by given three perspectives that clearly describe Chinese buying patterns.Consequently, luxury market can segment consumers to different groups.Meanwhile, these three perspectives are fundamental recognition of luxury.
Educators are seriously concerned about the high rate of dropouts among the doctor of philosophy candidates and the consequent loss of talent to a nation in need of Ph.
D. s. Some have placed the dropouts loss as high as 50 percent.
The extent of the loss was, however, largely a matter of expert guessing.
Last week a well-rounded study was published.
It was published.
It was based on 22,000 questionnaires sent to former graduate students who were enrolled in 24 universities and it seemed to show many past fears to be groundless.
The dropouts rate was found to be 31 per cent, and in most cases the dropouts, while not completing the Ph.
D. requirement, went on to productive work.
They are not only doing well financially, but, according to the report, are not far below the income levels of those who went on to complete their doctorates.
Discussing the study last week, Dr. Tucker said the project was initiated 'because of the concern frequently expressed by graduate faculties and administrators that some of the individuals who dropped out of Ph.
D. programs were capable of competing the requirement for the degree.
Attrition at the Ph.
D. level is also thought to be a waste of precious faculty time and a drain on university resources already being used to capacity.
Some people expressed the opinion that the shortage of highly trained specialists and college teachers could be reduced by persuading the dropouts to return to graduate schools to complete the Ph.
Lack of motivation was the principal reason for dropping out.
Most dropouts went as far in their doctoral program as was consistent with their levels of ability or their specialities.
Most dropouts are now engaged in work consistent with their education and motivation.
Nearly 75 per cent of the dropouts said there was no academic reason for their decision, but those who mentioned academic reason cited failure to pass the qualifying examination, uncompleted research and failure to pass language exams.
Among the single most important personal reasons identified by dropouts for non-completion of their Ph.
D. program, lack of finances was marked by 19 per cent.
As an indication of how well the dropouts were doing, a chart showed 2% in humanities were receiving $ 20,000 and more annually while none of the Ph.
D. 's with that background reached this figure.
The Ph.
D. 's shone in the $ 7,500 to $ 15,000 bracket with 78% at that level against 50% for the dropouts.
This may also be an indication of the fact that top salaries in the academic fields, where Ph.
D. 's tend to rise to the highest salaries, are still lagging behind other fields.
As to the possibility of getting dropouts back on campus, the outlook was glum.
The main condition which would have to prevail for at least 25 % of the dropouts who might consider returning to graduate school would be to guarantee that they would retain their present level of income and in some cases their present job.
With the rapid development of the economy, many environment problems has become more and more important in recent years, one of which is the Global Warming .
It has influenced many aspects of human life, such as agriculture , industry and daily life.
The main reason is the greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide.
But scientists believe that this is the result of human activity .
Globe warming has too many sides effects.
It melts the glaciers , raises the level of the sea so that some low areas near the sea are flooded and causes droughts, severe storms and hurricanes.
People suffer a lot from disasters which relevant to global warming.
However, just like the proverb says: every coin has two sides.
What the Global Warming brings is not always bad.
People live in the high latitudes will not endure the extreme cold weather.
And will increase food production.
In my opinion, the side effects of the Global Warming is much more than the good function.
Measures should be taken as soon as possible.
First, we should use more cleaner energy and less coal and oil.
Second, we should go to work on foot or by bus instead of driving a car if possible.
Third, we should plant more trees, because plants can turn CO2 into oxygen.
More importantly, we should form the habit of saving energy in our daily life.
Taking into account the devastating effects of global warming, we can draw the conclusion that global warming is a great threat to our world.
Confronting the growing menace of global warming, more scientific and active preventive measures should be taken on a larger scale to change for the better.
This Christmas is the worst day in this year, but it also very happy.
In the Christmas day we went to the Happy Valley.
We started off school at 8 o'clock.
And all off us were very excited.
We have a Christmas party in the morning.
We palyed games, wrote Christmas story, but the most intresting is we have lot performance and our teacher Mr. wang was dancing little apple the dance wich is the most populer dance and song.
I also ate cookies and listen the Christmas story.
After Chrustmas party we ate lunch in the chinese restaurant, it's very delicious, and we song the Christmas song together.
In the afternoon we went to the Happy Valley, and take of programs that I afraid of , I overcome myself.
Although the time is very short, but also very happy.
We ate dinner in the Pizza Hat.
The food were delicious, and ate with friends were very happy.
And in the end I lose my phone in the restaurant.
I am very sad about that.
And we exchange the Christmas gift, but the gift is the worst gift.
So I don't like this day.
In the end of this day we wached the movie wich is called War Horse.
Although it very good, I still don't like it.
and this is my Christmas day.
On February 19, 2014, Su Chun teacher give us in the first English writing class in 2014.
Hurry hurry up...
I think this writing lesson let me understand what is "arguments" and "the" in English writing, a composition should be how to write an outline: first of all be clear written subject and the central idea, and then say can prove the content.
This class let me know how to write an article, the framework of it and allow me to flexible application.
With the use of more intense and unreasonable water, water scarcity is increasingly evident.
With economic development and population growth, human demand for water increasing, but the water is limited.
So now water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
There are many possible reasons result in water shortage.
First ,industrial water consumption.
Second, destruction of forest .
Third,green effect .
What's more , people serious damage to the environment.
We must take actions to solve the problem of the water .
We should strengthen the efforts of sewage treatment, and we can use the desalination.
More importantly, we should enhance conservation awareness, learn more about water resource sand know how to promote good use of water resources.
Each person must develop the habit of saving water, and know how to use water.
Water is the source of life, water conservation is everyone's responsibility.
keep meeting room dirty.
After the meeting please take your paper and thing.keep down all An electric appliances.example:lamp,Air-conditioning................close all door and windows .
Thank you for do it.
March 7, 2014...........................
Parents are presons who makes us come to this world.Parents give us life,but that means they should give us future.In contemporary society,many parents spend too much time helping and determining their children's future.They think in this way can give their children a sunlight and seplendid future.But in my opinion it is not absolutely right.Children sometimes should be allowed to make thire own choice.
There is no doubt that as elders parents have more expenience than children.As we mature and grow older,we look back on what parents tould us and appreciate how right they were.For example,the waay to get along with persons.The good habits which we must keep.The healthy attitude to life.In these general direction,parents help childern making choice is really necessary.In this parts ,parents' choice are decide children's future.
In conclusion,parents should direct children in general direction and let them go in thire own life.Finally,I want to say,everyone's future is in our own hands.Parents can not always for you .Parents can be your navigation but can not be the captain of you future.
As we kown,the Spring Festive is a traditional festibe of our country .many people will go home and take together on their parengts and children ,In this evening ,all the families will sit front of the TV,and watch the spring festive party.
But now,some person come out to cancel the spring festive party ,they thought that there are too many commercials in the spring festive party and the style of the party were in the same every year.they are so boring!
In fact,most of people are still like to watch the spring fetive party .but in my opinion,changes or improvements in some aspects are necessary!
only in this way, there are more and more people will like to watch the party.
Opinion differ on whether the government should establish free libraries in each town or not?I do not deny that not to establish free libraries has its own merits.But for my part,I think that there would be more advantages if our government establish free libraries in each town.
Just as saying goes,"Knowledge is power".In our society now,we are just chained to hard work and poverty all our life if we don't have any knowledge.However,"Read ten thousand books,travel ten thousand miles",we could acquire knowledge through reading books if libraries were established in each town.Secondly,many people have no more money to buy books,and they can just live from hand to mouth.Last but not least,if our government establish free libraries in each town,instead of going to other places to play,many people would like to go to libraries to read books.In this way,our country would be full of atmosphere of reading books.And thus,more and more people would like to read books.
Obviously,we can conclude from the foregoing reasons that the government should establish free libraries in each town.Although online reading is convenient now,do not forget that the overuse of telephone and computer is harmful to our eyes and brains.
Many people argue that in order to improve educational quality continuously, students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teachers.
I agree with it.
As far as I am concerned, it can enlarge the version of both teachers and students.
They can communicate with each other.
So they will learn more than before.
Then it also encourages students to think more about what they have learned.
It's also good for students.What's more, teachers are more dedicated to avoid being little accounted of.
So it is also good for students.
Others think the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
There is no way we can agree with what they say.
Comments or criticism not equal to disrespect.
On the contrary, students will be more respect to the teacher if the teacher can solve their problems.
In my opinion, it's benefit for students to argue with teachers.
We can see from this picture.
student.This book is about literary.
She think let her student understand some kownledges by reading literature.
There is a widespread concern over the issue the importance of Reading Literature.
is well known that the opinion concerning this hot topic varies from person to person.
majority of people think that we should not reading literature.
and out of date.
On the other hand, we can not put it into works in the future.
beneficial to the people.
And we can learn some truths of life.
As to me, I prefer the second view.
First, more reading books is not bad for us.
Second, it can improve to cultural accomplishment and state of the art for us.
Let us have abundant connotation.
In the picture, we can see that an old woman sits on a chair in front of a minor by herself.
She closes her eyes and thinks deeply that my son and daughter are not at home , so I feel very lonely for myself.
In my opinion, the lonely life of aged people are very commonly-seen in recent years.
old people also feel more and more lonely than before.
There are some reasons why the old people feel lonely.
First, the old people's son and daughter are busy with their jobs so that they have no time to accompany them.
Second, some people are not in accordance with filial to their parents.
Finally,more and more people choose to send their parents to Nursing Home,which result in the old people become loners.
In order to make the old people happy again,it is advisable that young people should care more about their parents than before and spend more time to accompany with their parents.
Recently,I have read this book.
The story is based on the us Civil War.Vivien Leigh who is a decent and capricious woman.
At first,she thought Ashley Wilkes as her Mr Right.But Ashley had a major crush on gentle and kind Melanie .Scarlett too angry to marry Melanie's brother .
After a short time ,he went to his hometown in the war.there is a man Rhett still always loving Scarlett.finally, they got married.but the woman was still loving Ashley so that they had a difficult time getting on with each other.Because of their daughter's death they hated deeply with each other.Melanie told Scarlett that her husband really loving her ,little by little she realized she loving this man too.
As I can see, love is complicated that we should use a long time to find our true love.we should cherish what we have now,love the people around us.maybe you love something better than the first one, but you didn't know about it.we'd better clear our mind,bright our eyes to find out the true love.
The Lost World is one of the greatest books I ever read, by Arthur Conan Doyle.
The famous English writer who has created "Sherlock Homes".
The story is set in the eighteen century England.
It tells an exciting and dangerous adventure in an unknown world.
The hero of the book, Malone, a young reporter for the London Daily Gazette.
He wants to be famous and wants to get the scoop of the century.
Professor Challenger, Professor Summerlee who are the enemies, and Lord John who is an experienced explorer.
Four men go on the journey for different reasons.
After through a lot of problems, they get to "The Lost World".
Actually, they are stranded in the mysterious place.
My favorite part of the book is when Malone finally does something nice for the team, he wants to prove himself once again.
So, he goes to the center of the land and checks it out, all alone.
He has through a really exciting time, with the strange creatures and weird things, in the mid-night.
The lost World is a great book.
The characters are very real, their personalities, their background, especially their feelings and ideas.
Today, it is still read and loved by many people.
There are even some TV dramas, movies base on the book.
How, are you.
Spiring Festival is a traditioal Chinese festival.
It was very important.
I love it because I can eat dumplings.
It was very delicious.
I can play snow.
In Spiring Festival people can wear new cloths,and visit friends .
SayHappy New Year.
People often fire cracker.
They were very happy.
We have Winter holiday.
We can play every day.
No one is in charge of us.
We can travel everywhere.
How that we have graduate from the senior high and began our college life.we should pay attention to the different ways of learning between the former and the latter.
I used to take down what the teachers side without hesitation.
Accoustomed to the rout learning.
Thous is my rough plan.and with them.I believe my winter vacation would be meanful and colorful.My winter holiday plans.
My winter holiday plans me studying for my Englishi,I will make great efforts to learn English.Listening to half hours of Englishi evey day I will accomplish the school assigment that the teacher arranges best with the quickest speed,I can not forget to take the body exercise certainly also.
I am take the body exercise coming drawing out one hour in time every day.
The usage of Internet becomes one of the most controversial topics in the society.
As a college student, I believe Internet is beneficial to me more than the way it harms me.
There are many advantages for using Internet.
First, I can best use my time to find information online instead of going to different libraries.
Also, the information can be dated back in decades ago.
It is very helpful to use those information as reference and historical proof.
In the library, it is hard to find so much "old" information.
Another advantage to use Internet is that I can stay home and have a lecture online.
It is much more convenience to me because I can stay warm to have class in the winter time instead of spending two hours on the bus and physically attend class.
In addition, Internet provides me a better way to communicate with my friends and professors.
I can get response from my professor in a few minutes instead of waiting outside of his door for hours.
Some of my friends are living in a foreign countries, I can simply just drop him an email whenever I can and get a message from him very quick.
It is much better than waiting for letters.
Also, the email will not lose while the letter might be losing in the process of delivery.
However, there are also disadvantage of using Internet.
For example, I might spend too much time on the Internet to concentrate on my study.
Also, there is a chance that I am cheated because of the Internet purchasing.
Last, Internet has lots of information, both helpful and harmful.
There might be too much tempatation that I will access some of the harmful information I can on the Internet.
Even though the usage of Internet has both positive and negative effect to me, I still consider Internet is a symbol of technology development.
I believe I can use the Internet very well as long as I know how to control myself.
I agree with this opinoin.
In my class,there are forty-eight students.Our teachers lessons last for forty minute.We do something in class,example convercation in English.Our English teather is excellent,and she explains English grammer so cleearly,so than we aren't worry about grades.We can know each other as well as get along well.It is centain that if pretty independent will be too difficuIt to get on well.Also a school doesn't have enough computers for students to use.And It is unheaIthy for students' eyes.
I think a good teacher-student relationship is mutually beneficial.When we begin to school,we have much time to get along with our teachers,so a good teacher-student relationship is very neccessary.
Firstly,teacher can teach us a lot of knowledge which we don't learn before.They also teach students some good quality so that we can be a kind person.When we built a good relationship,we can study more and more active and we can always communicates with them when we have troubles.The second,our students can make teachers feel that they were young forever,we can deliver them our energy and passion to them.Teachers can work in a happy environment.The last,teacher and student can become friends.Whenever we go,we will remember our "friend".We can get in touch eveytime and help each other try our bests.
So,a good teacher-student relationship is mutually beneficial.We can be good friends forever.
It seems that poverty, misery and hardship of people in Morocco are all George Orwell tries to depict in his writing, Marrakech, while what has impressed me most is about their invisibility described by Orwell.
According to Orwell, these people are invisible because they are neglected consciously by those who subject them to the degradation.
However from another perspective, it can be said that they are not only overlooked by those exploiters but the persecuted themselves.
In other words, these poor people do not recognize their miserable living condition and the unfair treatment they have been going through.
Not hostile and sullen, the Negro' look is a look of profound respect to the white soldiers who treat them illy.
It is hard to imagine a person serving somebody bullying and repressing him as his master.
One of the reasons to explain it is that the Negro is too dull and blind to know who his true enemy is.
Maybe they indeed are too weak to fight for themselves at that time.
Certainly Orwell is showing his compassion on those poor people, but moreover, he is trying to arouse their awareness of rising up.
It also indicates his expectation that one day Morocco would get rid of the cruel colonial emperors and they would be human beings rather than the burdened beasts.
Though Orwell does not write about it directly but his writing purpose is easy to define.
George Orwell uses abundant words saying people in Marrakech suffer from poverty and persecution, while few sentences about their complaints or anger.
It makes readers not only the poor people themselves, to some extent, feel too oppressive.
However where there is oppression, there is resistance.
As the people in Marrakech are violently plundered by the evil colonial empires, they are eventually tending to revolt and regain their status and belongings.
This article covers its readers of all nations and all times including people who have the same suffering as people in Marrakech do so as to remind those unfortunates as well as all the people that when facing afflictions, they ought not to keep silent but to have the self-awareness improving themselves.
Others can neglect their existence but they themselves shall not.
Interpersonal relationship is our life an important component.If maybe interpersonal relationship, to our work, life and mental health have bad influence.
In the real society, because every man's personality, disposition, life background and purpose and so on, which varies in the thinking of a certain gap, this is normal, is understandable.
If, in the work or life and all people don't mesh, it is not normal, need to be self adjusted and changed.
It seems you belong to the latter.
People on the basis of the age, sex, occupation, position, environment, etc and plays different roles in the society.
In contact, different roles with different codes of conduct, so in and different people get along with, have different requirements and skills.
First of all, everywhere for others, avoid by all means is self-centered.
To improve the relationship between colleagues, you need to learn from the other point of view to consider problem, is good at the appropriate self sacrifice.To do a job, often to cooperate with others, in the achievements after, request to share, avoid by all means is to assert themselves, will you results possess oneself.
To provide opportunities to help others, the realization of the goal of life, to deal with interpersonal relationship is very important.For others as well as in when others were difficulties, setbacks, give a helping hand to help.
Good interpersonal relationship is often two - way and mutual benefit.
You give others a variety of care and help, when You meet the time of difficulty also will be rewarded.
Do a good job in interpersonal relationship is an art.
All of the people all need continuous learning and practice, can into proficient.
I hope you can according to their specific situation, make a self analysis, so as to break through isolation fence, virtual bosom if valley, to build a harmonious interpersonal relationships.
Judging from externals, co2 does us no harm.
However, as the matter of fact, it is the villain in our atmosphere.
The research shows that co2 rises our sea level every year.
The coastal areas keep reducing these years due to the increasing amount of this kind of gas in our atmosphere.
Unlike other kinds of air in our atmosphere which could radiate heat into space in the form of infrared radiation in the night.
Co2 can block the radiation from sun which means less heat would loss at night.
It will lead the surface temperature to increase.
Finally, the increasing temperature will melt the ice caps in the world and let the sea level rise.
The large amount of co2 in our atmosphere comes from 2 areas: The burning of the fuels generates lots of co2 to the air as well as the disappearing of forests in the earth.
To prevent co2 from keeping increasing in the future, we should develop new way to generate energy instead of using fuels.
Moreover, we should save our forests and replant them.
In the modern society,people are not only satisfied with go to the mall shopping but also they made the online shopping.Then it has become a fashion trend to shopping online.Why online shopping is so popular?
Online shopping has obvious advantages.On the one hand,it is convenient.Even if you don't have to go outside can also purchase what you want.
Particularly for lazy people, online shopping such as the heaven.
On the other hand,online shopping continuously offers various products to meet consumers'differing needs lifestyle.It ranges from food to shelters.
In short, only you can not think, no you can not buy.
However, each coin has two sides.Online shopping is no exception.
First,you can't see the material object just look the pictures,you absolutely don't know its quality.
Secondly,online shopping also is troublesome at the same time.When you require to exchange or refund what you purchase.It becomes extremely boring.Even you pays your money but the product don't take your choice.
According to my own experience.There are some proposals.
Firstly, when you online shopping look a product you can compare several stores to choose better.
Besides, look at the comments.
From the foregoing, you can rest to shopping online.
We gain our knowledge about the world and our life from two sources: from experience and from books.
The important of readingIt is certain that reading is so important.
First of all, without reading you can't even speak logically.
It is also ridiculous that you don't read but learning english.
In my opinion sooner or later you have to read and try to comprehend.
With consistent reading you may speak logically and write easily for anyting.
"Experience is the best teacher" is an old cliche, but I agree with it.
The most important, and sometimes the hardest, lessons we learn in life come from our participation in situations.
We learn how to get along with others or how to have self-respect from our experience, not from books.
We cannot learn emotional feelings, such as love and care, through books; they come from our real life experience.
Needless to say both learning sources, books and experience, are very important t o us.
But in my opinion knowledge from experience is more important, because without knowledge from experience, it is impossible to get a real understanding of knowledge from books, and how to apply this knowledge to real world situations.
In recent years there has been a dramatic in the intelligent phones.Many college students,even high school students have intelligent phones.
The fact that intelligent phones are so popular that they are useful and convient.Use intelligent phones.Can make us to find others easily and quickly,there are also have many games music...
Course we usually use it,chat two online.However,every coin.Has sides now some people can no longer imagine life without their intelligent phones,because of the more and more chatting online our face to face skills may decline.And more and more students use intelligent phones on class.As a college student,I think it will affect the class lectures quality.
I don't think use the intelligent phones on class.
As you know,more and more people are born in the world,you can see people here and there.But the large population causes many problems.
On the one hand,many places are short of food,water as well as energy.The traffic can be busy in some big cities.There are so many people that we must built more buildings to let them live in.
On the other hand,it is difficult to get a job because of the large population,so people have to spare no effort to study hard.
What's more,the environment seems to be awful.The pollution is influencing our health.
In order to solve these problems,the government is taking action.What will the future be like?Let's wait and see.
Tell your closet friend about it now.
I have a dream that I am always young.
Then I will have enough energy to do everything whenever I want.
Moreover, I don't have to worry about the old age during which I even can't take care of myself.
I know that my dream will not come true.
However, I think it is lucky that I am young now.
So I will treasure my time, enjoy my life and try my best to do everything well.
My Life in The future In ten years,I think I will be a doctor.And I will live in Qingdao.I think Qingdao is a really beautiful city.
As a doctor,I think it's a interesting and difficult jobs,and I must to study biology hard now.And I want to have a pet dog,I can't have any pets now because my mother hates them.So in ten years,I will have an apartment and keep dog.
Many students feel it is difficult to learn English well.
So they turn to the Internet for help and try to learn English online.
But only some of them find the right way to learn English well online.
Many of them are still confused.
For my opinion, we should pay attention to three points if we want to learn English well online.
The first one is that we should talk to English speakers.
This is a good way to improve oral English.
The second one is that we should learn the cultural background of western countries.
The third one we should do more exercise.
Practice makes perfect.
We should never give up.
Hello everyone my name is L. Now i'll tell someting about listener.
a good inpersonal relationship.
Then when parents and they child have a bad relationship don't worry.You should listen to your child that what do they say.Maby you can find some new things of your child.Listening not only can make a good relationship between parents and children but also can improve friendship with your friends.The teacher also need to listen to their students.
In short I think we should see others eyes and shakehead.Then you should talk about he.
Some people suppose we should read selectively.
With time goes by, there is so much knowledge appearing in the books, but no one can accept all of them by themselves.
What's more , we can't say that all of books are healthy, which may make us learn bad.
If you don't read selectively, you are wasting time.
The others don't think so .They make sure that more knowledge means more chances.Every book has its own merit.
No matter what it is, we can get something from it.
As far as I am concerned,both of them is right.
Nonetheless I prefer the second one in that I believe that,no pains no gains.
It is said that "Parents's spoiling is the poison of their children " .
Nowadays, many parents spend too much time helping and determinging their children's future , it is a kind of spoiling , for children will find it is deserved that everything should be done by their parents , and they will have no ability to take their own choice , At the end , they will not have their own life .
so i dissagree with it.
Firstly.
because they think parents' decisions are the best .Lee is a child friend of mine, when he was a young boy, his parents think it is good for him to learn the piano , actually Lee didn't like play the piano ,but he chose to listen to his parents , though he learned very hard , he can't enjoy in it ,and when he grow up ,he don't play the piano , because he don't like it .
but he waste many time on it ,it's a very bad thing for him .Until now , he haven't take any intersts on piano .
Finally.
I am writing to tell you about the discussion we have had about whether an entrance fee should be charged for parks.
 percent of the students think that an entrance fee shouldn't be charged.In their opinion,the park is a public place where people can get relief of the cares of the day.If the entrance fee is charged,it is neccessary to build the gate and wall .What's more it will do harm to the appearance of the city and leave a bad impression to the visitors.
 percent of the students hold the opposite opinion.They think that the entrance fee should be charged at a low price.In this way,the workers who work in the park can get well paid.And more new types of plants can be purchased and taken better care of.
That is the discussion about whether the entrance fee should be charged.
I think that parrots make the best pets.There are some reasons for my opinion.
First,parrot can live for up to 50 years.As a result,they can stay with you for almost half your lives.Second,parrot can know your mood easily.For example,when you are unhappy,the parrot will make you happy though many different ways.Third,parrot is very clever because it can talk,this is very funny and interesting.What's more,it's easy for you to keep a parrot as a pet.
A parrot will bring you a lots of happiness for many years.There's no doubt that a parrot makes very good pet.So I think it's a good idea to keep pet parrots.
I am glad to introduce my hometown to you.I come from X.It is a small city but it is beautiful.like lots of city,there are many rivers.
long history of paper,A lot of people like the X of paper.And the snack very famous .I would love to eat.
X have a long history of the city,There are a lot of celebrity here was born.
For eaxmple,HUShi MeiWenDing.There are also several cinema halls,some amusement parks and have mang flower and tree.I like it.
Last,I hope you visit my hometown.welcome you!
With time goes by,I have passed a wonderful year.Now I was a sophomore, graduated from this college just a year.Looking back on the past one year, I from our ability to mature and sensible, I am very thank my teachers and my classmates, I thank everyone and everything when i was met.
I think the university time and it will become my destiny memory.
When I was in college, I studied very hard.
owing to my major is business English, I often practiced my oral English and find lots of information about my major.
Every time if I come up with some ideas I could think it in English.
After thinking and expressed my thoughts to others in English.
Although sometimes I couldn't speak English well, my classmates still give me pertinent advice and encourage.To be honest, there are some things I don't deal with properly.
Such as I spent all day play the computer games or watch so many movies.I realize I didn't learn how to range my time reasonal.I promise I can't make the same mistakes in my future.
In the university of my limited time,I will do more meaningful things and grasp more and more knowledges ,I will face more difficulty things in my future,I hope I can handle it wiseful and appropriate.
More people complain of fatigue today than in the days when hay was baled by hand and laundry scrubbed on a washboard.
There are three main causes of fatigue: From above, it is the physical fatigue.
This is well know result of overworking your muscles to the point where metabolic waste products carbon dioxide and lactic acid-accumulate in your blood and sap your strength.
The cure is simple and fast: You rest, giving your body a chance to get rid of accumulated wastes and restore muscle fuel.
Second, it is the pathological fatigue.
Here fatigue is a warning sign or consequence of some underlying physical disorder, usually other symptoms besides fatigue are present that suggest the true cause.
You should go slow until your body has recovered fully.
If you feel drained of energy for weeks, you should have a thorough physical checkup.
Finally, it is the psychological.
Emotional problem and conflicts, especially depression and anxiety, are by far the most common causes of prolonged fatigue.
The cure is various: diet, exercise, sleep and so on.
For me, the main reason is the psychological fatigue.
Such as, the pressure of learning, employment, and the busy pace of life, all of these make me feel tired.
I have many ways to deal with the psychological fatigue.
First, you can do something you like.
In my case, when I feel tired, I will go shopping, do some reading or eat some delicious food.
Second, learn to forger.
Don't think too much.
Life is short, so, we just happy every day.
We should have a good state of mind.
The last, the solution is simple: sleep.
When you wake up, you will find that a lot of unhappy things you have forgotten.
Moreover, you can be energetic to meet new challenges.
I hope I can be a simple and happy person.
I have simple happiness, stable job, sweet home.
This is enough.
I'm L, who belong to L city public security fire control team.
I was assigned to S fire squadron.
Sanhe fire squadron consists of 34 persons, including seven officers and soldiers in active service and twenty seven professional players.
When I reach in Sanhe fire squadron.
I soon became a real member of them.
The captain assigned me live with four sergeants together.
The reason I think is that I can learn more experience by talking with them.
What's more, the captain told me if I have any difficulty, work or in life, I can find him for help.
The daily life of our squadron is like this.
We get up at 6:00 in the morning, and then we get up at 6:00 in the morning, and then we go out for morning exercises.
When time comes to 7 o'clock, we eat breakfast together.
Next, our mission is truck cleaning check equipment and fire skills exercise.
At 12:00, we eat lunch then we have a noon break.
In afternoon and night, we also have some exercise or have a short break.
In general, our daily life is these.
But when the alarm bells ringing, we put on combat gear and sit on the fire trucks as quick as possible.
Then we strained into fire fighting or rescue until finish our mission.
My intership is as mentioned above.
I learned a lot of things that can't learn from school.
I think I have a happy and substantial time.
There are many schools demand the students evaluate the teachers.
For example, at the end of every term , we have to enter into the evaluation's system and score them.
Someone don't agree with this way.
They may think the teachers and us have the difference.
The evaluation of teachers is no respect for teachers.In my view, teachers should be we students' friends.
We are all people , so we can look on them as our friends.
Put another way , we may not consider them as sages.
But in these days, there is too much pressure on us.
The teachers also are strict with themselves in their teaching career.
First , their teaching abilities should be good.
When we students ask for their help, they must give a convincing answer.
Then their attitudes must be quite correct.
Once I met a teacher in my junior school, her attitude was very odious.
"We were all feel disappointed.
Finally, I hope teachers can give our useful opinions when we have troubles and are indecisive to th.
Afte all, we are less experienced than the teachers.
On the whole, as the students, we should make high requirements on ourselves in our life.
School will give you a high salary that 4000 yuan one month.
And will provide round trip tickets.Also accommodation which is free.Finally you must teach English have one semester.As far as I am concerned you can do it well and the job is appropriate for you.I intend to see you soon.What's you mean.
As a college student, you indeed need to think about them.
As a freshman, it is crucial to set up your objective which is related to your future so that you will not be lost due to the fact that the objective is of great importance.
And then you should plan to take action to realize it.
During the time, you should not ignore personal growth and expansion.
Reading is a great way to improve yourself.
Each person ought to attach importance to it.
So I think it pretty good that our teachers give us assignments to read books and write book reports, though I clearly know we cannot regard reading merely as an assignment.
Because reading can let you be rich in the connotation as well as wisdom.
In addition to this, you should be eager to get involved in extracurricular activities as many as possible.
And these will not only make you exposed to something you may touch to after college, but make you independent from your parents so that you will be capable of struggling in the society.
In a nutshell, as a freshman, you should keep these three things in mind.
First, you should set up a goal to instruct yourselves.
Second, you should read a great many books to improve yourselves mentally.
And at last, you should give yourselves autonomy to be subject to challenging.
Having done these, you are able to control your own destiny.
During the winter holiday,I had the Spring Festival.The Spring Festival is very improtant to Chinese people.In Spring Festival,people always get together with their family,and have a big meal.Children are fond of setting off firecrackers outside.
The Spring Festival of this year was no exception.My family got together.We had so many delicious food for dinner.I also got the lucky money after meal.We all knew it's bad for the environment if many peopleset off firecrackers.So it seemed much quieter than before.
But I didn't think it can reduce the interesting of the Spring Festival,because family reunion is the most meaningful thing.
I felt very happy,and I wish everyone healthy and success in the new year.
Nowadays, with the development of economy, many cities in the world are facing increased pollution which is threatening human's health.
Air pollution is one of the most serious pollution in cities.
One way to deal with the problem of air pollution in cities is to decrease the use of cars.
In the modern society, more than ten million people are using their cars for daily activities, like traveling, going shopping.
They tend to drive their cars to go to the supermarket to buy things, even the supermarket is near to their homes.
Car exhaust could produce carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide.
These kind of gas is the major reason of causing air pollution.
Decreasing the use of cars can reduce the exhaust emission.
As we know, too much carbon dioxide can cause greenhouse effect.
And sulphur dioxide does harm to human's bodies.
It can also cause the corrosion of iron and steel to take a toll on the economy.
Therefore, decreasing the use of cars is that something brooks on delay.
We can use more public traffic to replace the cars.
In our life,there are some hare-like lovers.They are gentle,kind and common.They give you a peaceful life.Although you can not strongly feel their love,it does steadily exists in every piece of life.It's more real than dull.But few of us cherish this kind of lovers.You may be not satisfied with this dull life and want to explore for something exciting.An evil mind of hunting come up.And then,you begin to search for a fox-like lover.
As a fox-like lover,it is yong,beautiful and charming.It gives you every romantic experience you want.You can live in a sweet period of time,dancing,singing,admiring the stars......However,in general,much too beautiful things are not long,a beautiful face may hide an evil mind.After indulging in creature comforts,you only be left with a broken heart.As for the fox-like lover,it has already gone with your treasures.Warmness is luxury which is reflected by deep cold and hurt.
At this moment,you are frustrated,painful and think back of all the wrong you did.The scene of the kind hare gradually flow in front of your sight,like a sop bubble,easily crashed when you stretch to touch it.All the so-called dull time for you in the past has been a desire now.Keeping those old things in memory is the end of the story.So cherish the time when you are being together with a fare-like lover and never let it flow away.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
is happening.
to go by driving.Last,if driving insteads of walking,the old can not be tired to go outside.
However,there are also some disadvantages.For example,the traffic is often heavy in rush hours.
been polluted.So that the climate gets warmer.
In a word,everything has two ways.If you get something,you must lose something.
My school is very beautiful.
I would like to take her to see the teaching building and the library.
I think they are very interesting places.
And they discuss all kinds of questions hotly together.
Meanwhile they do some exercises to consolidate their knowledge that they have learnt already.
The library is a sacred place where is full of knowledge.
There are many students chasing the pace of the development of knowledge.
The atmosphere needs them to create and pass to everyone.
The desire for knowledge needs be kept inside.
Learning is an interesting thing.
This good habit should be preserved after all.
A book holds a house of gold.
I believe that she is interested in it.
To study the effects and the mechanisms of citric acid (CA) on the spermatogenesis and testis in rodent.
Explore the effect of CYP2E1.Methods:Sixty Wistar male rats were divided equally into six groups stochasticly, including control group (NS) and five test substances treatment groups (ACR 20mg/kg, inductor alcohol 200mg/kg, ACR 20mg/kg+alcohol 200mg/kg, inhibitor sodium diethyl dithiocarbamate(DDC) 20mg/kg, ACR 20mg/kg+DDC 20mg/kg respectively).Rats were given gastric gavage in 5ml/kg one time everyday for four weeks.
The organ coefficients of testis, epididymis, prostate, seminal vesicle were measured as well as the levels of GSH, GR, GSH-Px in testis homogenate.
The levels of testosterone and estradiol in serum were detected by RIA.
Spermatozoa and teratospermia were counted.
It was analysed that the cellular components of primary spermatocyte, prespermatid and spermatoon in seminiferous tubules / stage.Results:Compared with control group, spermatozoa count decreased significantly and teratospermia and GSH levels increased significantly in ACR, ACR+alcohol and ACR+DDC groups, Other indexes did not change significantly.Conclusion:ACR changes spermatogenesis in male rats, but not via the pathway of CYP2E1.
Why is it,to my way of thinking,it has two root cause.One reason is that models of employment concepts,most of graduates' are great pains in order to job, focus on clothing, dress, appearance, and the first line on the resume writing case.The result is to resume the more the system more luxurious, the clothes are more and more expensive.This excessive packaging, a direct result of the increase in the costs in Job-hunting.The second reason is that limitations of employment job search,the main form of Graduate Employment Job only at job fairs or to participate in the recruitment exams held all over the country, to the employing units to promote direct contact with the employer and so on.And virtually increase of graduates' spend much money to transportation, accommodation and communications.So, these antiquated forms of job search and recruitment is one of the main reasons that contributed to the high cost in Job-hunting.
in my opinion, that just a social phenomenon.As college students,we should correct job attitude, and to focus on improving the level of knowledge and ability as well as the quality.Ability and responsibility of the employer and do not look at the resume, college students pay more attention to work.So,the phenomenon that graduates' Costs in Job-hunting increase will be fewer.
Thank you for your letter, I think your school life is very rich, now I come and you talk about my school life.
In the morning school 7 o'clock open the gate, until half an hour after the beginning of the class, in which we can eat breakfast, the homework and ready for the first lesson, the 45 4 minutes after the lesson to the noon.
Lunch is in the school cafeteria to eat, the school's rice taste is good, after a meal of about 30 minutes, I often play football on the playground and my classmates, that really is very happy, at noon there are 40 minutes of lunch time, to the afternoon, we will be on the 45 minutes lesson.
After school, I will take a bus home with some of my classmates.
We will talk about some interesting things.
This is my life in the school, is very interesting.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.I think my life will be very different from now.
I will have my own family ,probably with a lovely child.I will be very happiniess living with my family.I hope I'll be a artist.I will hold art exhibition in everywhere of the world.I'll enjoy my work and get along well with my workmates.
In my free time,I'll continue to take regular exercise,such as swimming,running and all kinds of ball games.I'll read books that I like.Maybe,I will be going for a walk with my family after dinner in ten years.On holidays,I'll travel around the world with my family.
In a word,my life will be much richer and more colourful.
Edison said that genius was 99 percent diligence and 1 percent intelligence.I didn't believe it until I suffered it.
With summer holiday coming,I could not wait to relax myself.I enjoyed surfing the Internet ,playing computer games and going out with friends.The life which was without homework made me feel desperately excited.With the time passing fast,I suddenly realized that I hadn't finished my homework completely.Not only did I not finish the homework, but also I wasted a whole holiday.
The retribution came soon.I did even worse in the exam.
Other students were studying hard while I was playing the game.How I regretted that I didn't study hard instead of surfing the Interenet.
It really prove that the early bird catches the worm.
Some people like living in the city,because city life has many advantages.First, there are many public places of entertainment, such as parks, cinemas, nightclubs and so on.
And there are also quite a lot of schools, universities that provide good education.They think there are more job opportunities in the city, life there is more colorful and meaningful than that in the country.Second, the public transportation is very convenient.
Taxi, buses, trolley buses, and subways can quickly take people anyplace in the city.
And third, shops and department stores are well stocked with goods of all kinds, high in quality and low in price.
Some people like live in the country.
First, it is close to the outdoors, the air being fresh.Second, it is free from the noise and air pollution and traffic jams of the city.
Third, gardening and fishing here are pleasant pastimes.
As a college student,I would like live in the city,because there are more opportunities,and the growth space is big can do more valuable things.In a word,I feel live in the city is better than in the country.
Today's society, more and more people are shopping on the Internet.
Popular online shopping, no matter what things to buy on the net.
Online shopping is right or wrong.
Then we will say.
First of all, online shopping has advantages and disadvantages, the benefits are to buy something cheap on the net, a lot cheaper than the reality.
And we never leave home, can buy what we want, for we save time.
Online shopping is insufficient, we don't know the quality is good, size is right, is likely to buy not appropriate.
I think, to buy things on the Internet, we carefully choose, sales value evaluation, and then make a decision to buy it, choose suitable for their own, some things it is better to store to store to buy, buy online after all don't know how about the quality.
Nowdays,there are a lot of people like smoking.
And they think that smoking can help they think problems.
But,I think it is useless.
First of all, all of us know that smoking is bad to our body.
So,we should not smoking .
Secondly,if you want to keep calm,you can try coffee or tea.
They are healthier and more effective than smoking.
Thirdly,the lastest news report that smoking can't help thinking,only the behavior can help you keep calm.
And you can also bit a pencil to keep calm.
We should keep a healthier lifestyle,so we can use some healthy ways to help thinking.
Such as we can drink a tea,read newspapers or go out to relax ourselves.These ways can help us to think things more quickly,instead of smoking.
People always make dumplings on on New Year's Eve,I did it as well.It was very diffcult for me to make a perfect dumpling.So I learnt from my grandma,she did well in it.In a big bowl, add water to flour gradually.
Mix and knead by hand to soft dough, then cover it with towel and put it aside for about an hour.
Scatter some dry flour on the board, knead and roll it into a sausage-like dough about 5 centimeters in diameter, then chop it into small pieces.
Press each piece with your hand and get a pancake.
Finally, you should hold the pancake with your palm and put the filling in the center and wrap it into half-moon shaped and seal the edges.Through my tireless efforts,I made a better dumpling .
To learn to make dumplings makes me unforgettable.
I'm going to introduce my best LEGO model.
First I'm going to tell you the appearance about it.
It's a big and long car, and it was 77cm long, and it was only 8cm high, and it also has many affairs that can move.
It can open or close it door and the engine hood by one motor.
Second, if you want to buy it for yourself, you can discover it in many shops and you can also find it on the internet, for example :Jingdong, Taobao and so on.
Nonetheless it's a little bit expensive because it was very cool and it included the motor and the battery box, nonetheless you should discover the batteries by your self.
I'd like to introduce it to you because I love to play it, and it's good to train your on building these models and it could improve your creativity,I think it's good for us,if you are not good at it, you can start from some simple models.
If you want to buy it you should buy the models with "LEGO" on it.
Recently A topic upon that is offering seats compulsory for young bus riders causes of a hot debate .Differnt people hold various opinions.
Some people are in favour of it .They have two main reasons .On the one hand,offering seats is a great behavior .It could introduce a helpful character.On the other hand,it reflects traditional virtue which are respecting the elderly and caring children,the disable.However,other people are in disagreement with it.They think that offering seats isn't compulsory because everyone is equal.
As far as I am concerned,offering seats isn't essential to be compulsory for young bus riders .But we'd better to form a habit of offering seats for others.Whatever we are young,it is significance to help others.
I'm L. Do you know the Spring Festival?
That is the most of important Chinese festival.
I like Spring Festival very much.
Before the Spring festival, we decorate our house.
We stick the reversed Fu or hang some couplets on the front door.
Some house's windows are stuck on red paper.
On the eve of the festival, we get together to make and eat dumpings, have a big family dinner and watch TV.
At about 12 o'clock, some parents and children set off fireworks.
The whole sky is lighted brightly.
That is one of traditional customs of Spring Festival.
That is also very interesting for us.
We can also get lots of lucky money from our grandparents, parents, uncles, aunts and so on.
That is excited for me.
I have introduced many Chinese festivals to you.
If you want to know more about them, you can write e-mails to me.
I also like your traditional festivals very much.
If you write a letter to me, I'll be very excited.
It has been recognized that whether having several careers and continually re-educating oneself throughout life is the new fashion is a significance question.
There are several reasons which suggest it may be the new fashion.
Firstly,many people who are likely to have many careers in their lives often do not like their jobs (perhaps because they initially choose the wrong field of work).
Finally, technology has changed quickly.
Old jobs are becoming obsolete and new opportunities are emerging.
The result is many career changes.
However,there are several reasons why having multiple careers may not be the new fashion.
On the one hand, most people who marry and have children need a steady reliable income because of their family responsibilities (even if they are dissatisfied with their jobs).On the other hand,most people are ambitious and want to improve their careers as rapidly as possible, and try their best to do the same job.If people leave their jobs, they usually have to start again at the lowest rank,and they usually do not like to do this.
In my opinion,I do not think having several careers is the new fashion.
Certainly some people change careers because of many kinds of reasons,but almost everyone marries,everyone likes security (financial, physical and emotional) and everyone has ambition.These qualities are human's nature,in every one of us to some degree,and for this reason I believe having multiple careers throughout life will never be popular.
Nowadays,more ang more college students are addicted to the internet,they lack the necessary social experience,lack the necessary understanding of the society,which also makes to participate in social practice becomes a very necessary thing.
Along with the development of society,college students are required to take part in some social practice,such as being an assistant in companies,or doing surveys,especially during the holidays.Social practice is gradually becoming more essential for China higher education.Through this method,can more make new period early college students perceived soial well-being,and will let them have a good plan for their own future.
I think it is necessary for college students to participant in social practice.However,social practice may bring some problems.For examle,some students spend too much time in taking part-time jobs so as to ignore their study.
Therefoe,we should try to balance relationship between social practice and study.
Nowadays, personal credit cards are getting more and more popular.
As a result, some banks are encouraging the college students to change the way they consume.
As far as I'm concerned, it is harmful for college students to use credit cards.
There are some reasons accounting for my view.
As dangerous associated with credit cards, students need to be cautious.
Firstly, some students find it very easy to overdraft the money.
That is to say, it's common the way exceeding their budget.
Secondly, the credit cards usually charge a high rate of interest which brings the heavy economic burden.
What's more, it's not impacting on their own social credit until they pay for the bank on time.
Thirdly, as the result of craze to vie with each other, some students overdraw their money from their credit cards to buy luxurious and unnecessary things.
It's unwise the way draw a large amount of credit card for some college students to start a business.
Not only there is a huge risk, but also increase their family financial burden.
Finally, college students could depend on this overly, and become the called 'card slave'.
Consequently, using credit cards is unpractical and uneconomic by college students to my way of thinking.
In addition, college students should learn how to finance that form a correct consumption concept.
And then, they could use of money in reasonable.
Today more and more people pay attention to the blind-date show.Different people have different idea about this TV program.With the development of society,the new media play an important role in our daily life.
In my view,blind-date show is a good way.On the one hand,many people with the work pressure,don't have too much time find their boyfriend or girlfriend.They can find their spouse quickly use this way.On the other hand,we can through the TV program find a variety of social problem.
Because they stand for specific character in the society.
Compared with traditional blind-date,we can save time to know the information that you want to know and make friends widely.The new blind-date show affect our mind about the marriage and make friends method.
Kate Middleton was born Catherine Elizabeth Middleton on January 9, 1982.
Middleton has a younger sister, Philippa ("Pippa") and a younger brother, James.
Kate came from a decidedly working-class stock of coal miners and builders.
Her maternal grandmother, Dorothy Goldsmith, became the first member of the family to attempt to improve the family's social and economic status.
Dorothy pushed her children to aim high and, as a result, Kate's mother became an airline hostess-at the time, a considerably glamorous job.
It was on this job that Carole met dispatcher Michael Middleton.
The couple married soon after.
By the time Kate was born, her mother was already looking for new ways to climb the social ladder.
In 1987, Kate's mother founded her own mail-order party goods company, with ambitions of sending her children to private schools.
The business was a surprise success, eventually making the Middleton family multi-millionaires.
As a result of this new-found income, Kate and her siblings didn't want for much.
Kate attended exclusive boarding schools, including St. Andrew's Prep School, Down House, and Marlborough College.
But her time in boarding school did not come without its conflicts.
Kate left the exclusive Down House all-girls boarding school at the age of 13, due to bullying and taunts from other students there.
And on her first day at co-ed Marlborough, some particularly mean-spirited boys began rating incoming students based on attractiveness and personality.
They gave Kate a two out of 10.
Despite the initial setbacks, however, Kate did well in her studies, passing 11 GCSEs and three A-level exams.
In 2001, Middleton became a student at the University of St Andrews in Fife, Scotland-the first in her family to attend college.
While in her first year at the university, Middleton was placed in the dormitory St. Salvators Hall-the same building as Prince William of Wales.
Middleton and Prince William shared several classes in their course schedule as well, and soon became friends.
But while they often shared breakfast and walked to classes together, the two were not interested in each other romantically at first.
Middleton was dating senior Rupert Finch, and William was busy dealing with the press and struggling with his feelings about his new school.
But in 2002, Middleton appeared in an exclusive fashion-show fundraiser wearing a revealing dress.
William was also present at the charity event, and became intrigued and interested in Kate in a new way.
He attempted to engage her romantically that evening but, still in a relationship with Finch, Middleton spurned the future king's advances.
With the development of the technique, it has become more and more convenient for people to communicate with others.
For example, people frequently make communications by telephone and communicate with others on the Internet and so on.
For some people leave from hometown, the Internet provides them with the opportunities to communicate and see their parents,friends,wife,husband and brothers and so on, and it can help reduce their aloneness.
But I think that the electronic communication can't replace a face to face contact.
On the one hand, it can make the emotion true and friendly when people make a face to face contact.
On the other hand, it's more convenient for them to make a face to face contact while two big firms are signing a very important agreement.
So while we are making communications with others on the Internet,we should also understand the importance of a face to face contact.
I study English 10 years in school.
Until the present I always met much problems and challenges.
My first time to touch English,I can't understand the meaning of what teacher's say,and can't follow reading.I was quite worried and confused.Then my teacher told me a good way, if you can insist on,you'll improved in the future.
From then on, I have read the article follow CD with 30 minutes everyday.
When I stepped into university, I found my vocabulary is too lack to read novel and magazines, so I decided to memory 10 words every day, no matter how busy I have.
I think only got the way to learning,you'll overcome what you met.The most key to studying the English you must have goals and determinations.
Some people say that I look like a westerner,some people guess that I am an ethnic Chinese.
However , I am a typical Chinese young girl with a height of 170cm .
I' am not skim nor fat.
I'm fond of tasting delicious food which helps me eating a lot , and that's why I can't lose weight.
Recently ,I have made my mind to reducing weight.
I have forced myself eating only 3 apples a day and drinking leban.
To my surprise, I lost 3kg in a week.
So I am determined to keep on going.
Doing exercise is essential in my daily life.I firmly believe that exercise is the key factor to health.
Latin dance is my favourite sport which I dance twice a week.Sometimes I will do some Yoga ,sometimes I prefer running in the school playground .I also take ballet lessons which turns out the most difficult thing I've ever experienced.Since I like challenges,I'm willing to persist in learning ballet until I can conquer it .I will never say no to any difficulties because life is full of hardships and bumps .
I have to face them and defend them bravely.
Besides,I desire to travel around the whole world in the future.That means I need to make a huge amount of money .Thus I should work harder and harder from now on.Fortunately, I am now majored in what I'm interested in.
Studying English brings me a lot of happiness.Therefore ,I will give my mind wholly to it .
As an old saying goes :No pain,no gain.Only if I work hard can I truly enjoy a better life .
That's me .
A confident girl makes every minute counts.
there are lots of after-school activities in our school,such as,sports,art,seeing English films and so on.I enjoy the activities so much.I love playing badminton and drawing best.Because I can keep fit by doing sports and also relax myself.What's more,I feel pleased when I complete a perfect work.
And I can give you some advice so that you can enjoy yourselves.First,you have to choose the activities that you'are interested in.Second,you'd better spend proper time on it in order not to affect your study.Besides,you can hold some activities for students to make them relaxed under the heavy stress.
Friends,if you want to lead a happy life and learn more skills,welcome to after-school activities.You will improve yourselves here.
Our school yard is beautiful with many treen and grasslands.
The classroom building is two high.
In front of the classroom building,on which stands a flag pole.
There is a library behind the classroom building in the library there are tens of thousands of books.
My classroom is next to a library.
The teachers office is behind the classroom.
The gym is in front of the classrooms.
This is my school.
I like our school very much.
When I was asked to teach an online class, I had questions about the validity of this instructional medium.
Teaching online also required rethinking how I deliver the subject matter.
A girl who had always been a shy student gave me great illumination.
She never spoke in class, bur in the 2 online courses; she dived into discussions and posted her opinions.
When the online class began, the situation was better then what I had forecasted.
Students followed directions well and the discussion board was lively.
Although I had never seen any student, I could know them by their works.
I saw these students' attitudes developed before my eyes.
I found it seems to work best with students who were very comfortable with the computers and wiling to become part of a community built around the subject matter.
For teachers, it worked well if the teacher was wiling to help build that sense of community and let students feel that teacher was always be around.
A notice has been posted that you'll select a number of excellent students to assist the studengts in English in Chenxi Hope School English during the coming summer vocation,and I would like to attend in this activity.
Above all,this activity provide us with a channel through with I could broaden my hdorizon on English study.The better methods of study could be introduced to those students as well.Enthusiasmand enthusiasm are my personality,which are based on my independent ability.Wha is more,Communication ability is effective for us to solve various problems in that job,which I have been practicing in my study and activities in our campus life.Finally,to improve their interests in English communication by holding English discussions regularly is my main plan of this job.
It is my great honor to be one of the candidates in this application,you will not regret to choose me as a volunteer teacher for this job.Look forward to your ealier reply.
As is known to us,English is becoming more and more popular nowadays.So quite a few Chinese students begin to learn English.And most of the students study by taking English classes in school.Therefore,I think good English education is necessary.
Everyone needs to get a suitable education.So an excellent English teacher is needed.Only the teacher is good at English,can the students who he or she teaches do well in learning.
In my opinion,the best way to learn English is using it.We should make full use of each time that we can practice our English skills.Also,we are not suppored to translate every word into Chinese and understand it.However,many English teachers teach their students in this way.I urge all the English teachers to have a great understanding of English before they start to give lessons.
I think it is our duty to study English well.
Nowadays humans being confront a lot of environmental problems,one of which is Global Warming.
The main reason is the greenhouse gases,such as carbon dioxide,methane ang so on.However,this gases a large number of emission which the reason is people burn fossil minerals to generate energy and deforestation,and the burning of Carbon Dioxide,in addition,the forest a number of a decrease so that reduce the Carbon Dioxide absorption.These gases increase in the atmosphere like wearing a thick sweater.Of course,the earth's temperature will increase,lead to the glaciers melting and sea level sises.
How to solve?In my opinion,the government should take measures to reduce the burning of the fossil.Our citizens should reduce car use instead of foot and we should have large area of afforestation.
More and more goods are packed well.Some commodity packaged of several layers,but the product itself value is not great.This phenomenon appeared of excessive packaging.
The reason is the first packaging look good to attract customers that is increase business sales.Second relative in the festival are gifts of beautiful package what will make people feel a face.Third a reason is also a kind of innovation.
I think that the goods do not need excessive packaging.Businesses should understand the essence of commodity to sell rather than sell rather than sell appearance.Consumers should pay more attention to product duality,not to care the package.
As is widely known in China,there is an old saying that goes"a woman who isn't smart is very gracious.
"in old times.Even by now many old people consider it as truth.It appears that a womanshould do nothing but raising babies and do some housework and high intellegence is useless.
Is this opnion unfair to women?Personally,i think this is a totally prejudice.However science research shows that generally women are cleverer than men in many situations.It seems that men are unwilling to see their wives cleverer than themselves otherwise they may be in lack of confidence to take control of them.
As a thorough feminist , I hope that women be not discriminated anymore any longer from the bottom of my heart.
The passage A Dill Pickle use the writing skills of detail description,metaphor,comparison and contrast so that it shows us two lively figures.
Maybe most of the people would think that Vera is courageous,sensitive and kind,yes,i agree with that.She could loved the man six years ago,and also could wrote to him,breaking their romantic relationship when she found the man trivialized their love and he was selfish.After six years separation,Vera chose leave the man again without hesitation because she recognized he was not changed at all.besides,she not only remembering the details of happy old days but also understanding better the strongly feelings of pains and joys.However,six years had passed by,she was still lonely,which throw me into confusion,why would an attractive as well as kind girl still alone?Thus I think her character must have defect--too sensitive,which is one of the vital reasons for the one break heart easily,and to be cautious to restart a new relationship.Whatever,she is a lovely girl in appearance,but a superman in the innermost.
In a word,when we make friends or have a romantic relationship with others,communication,understanding,respect, care and love all are indispensable.
As for whether to ban firecrackers, I think need to ban firecrackers.
It's a kind of express people happy that set off firecrackers for spring festival in China.
But there are a lot of problems caused by firecrackers.
First, setting off firecrackers will pollute the environment and the air quality will put down.
Second, setting off forecrackers will cause safe question.
There are many people because of firecrackers be in jured every year.
Third, easy to cause afire by set off firecrackers.
There are and disadvantage of firecrackers.
So I think government should ban firecrackers, and people are aware of giving up set off firecrackers.
Nowadays, many big cities have serious environmental problems, for example, that the air is not fresh and that the pollution is more and more serious.
The reasons are that the cars and the factories emission the gas and there are too many forests cut.
So when a person inhales the harmful thing, it not only causes the disease like lung cancer but also does harm to health.
I suggest that the government control the number of the cars and stop the factories from polluting the river as well as the air.
What's more, I think that we should go out on foot or by bus.
Some may hold the opinion that in order to give opportunities to the new generation companies should encourage high level employees who are older than 55 to retire.
But others have a negative attitude.
As far as I am concerned, I agree that companies should encourage high level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities to the new generation.
My arguments for this point are as follows.
One of the primary causes is the release of social employment pressure.
With the development of science and technology and the improvement of management level, fewer people are required in the company.
Moreover the population is ongoing expanding.
As a result, the difficult of being employed by a decent company is on the rise.
The retirement of high level employees may alleviate the employment pressure.
If the old retires earlier, there will be much more opportunities for young people to be employed and to earn their own lives, which is conductive to social stability.
But there is a more subtle point we must consider.
The infusion of young blood into the company may accelerate the company development.
The young have their superiority to the old such as unflagging intellectual, physical vigor, fast learning, considerable enthusiasm.
And as they are young, nothing such as families and children disturbs them.
Therefore, they can devote to their work with a total immersion.
It is beneficial to the long-term development of the company.
Last but not the least reason is that as people grow old, they will decay mentally as well as physically.
The old can be no longer keep the same pace with the company.
Generally speaking, people's retirement at the age of 55 can ease the social employment pressure and the young people's employment can promote the company development.
Nowadays, there are more and more endangered animals in the world.
In order to protect the animals, so we keep them in zoos.
Although this is a good way to protect the animals, and it is not the best life to animals because animals love living in the wild rather than stay in the zoos.
Animals will lose their free life if we keep them in the cage instead of living in the wild.
So I think we can't keep the animals in the zoos.
We should set the animals who stay in the zoos free in the wild to make them feel free and happy.
It is important for us to keep animals alive.
So we must try to protect the animals.
I have a school.
It's small, but it's beautiful.
There is a river near the school.
There is a garden in the school, in the garden, there are many flowers and trees.
The garden is very beautiful.
There are two buildings and a playground in the school.
There is a craft room on the left side of the first floor.
There are seven classrooms, a music room, a library on the first floor.
I like to borrow books from the library.
There is an art room and eight classrooms on the second floor.
There is a headmaster 's office on right side of the second floor.
There is a lab and eight classrooms on the third floor.
There is some teacher's photo on the wall.
There is a computer room and eight classrooms on the forth floor.
There is a dance room on the forth floor.
I usually dance of the dance room.
There is a playground in the school.
We usually play football and basketball on the playground.
I love my school.
With the development of the third industrial revolution, the society into an information age.Creativity draws more and more people's attention.
It becomes more important to foster students' creativity on school education.
There are some suggestions on creative school education now.
The first, we should build a good atmosphere atmosphere in class and encourage students to ask questions.
For example, we can let teachers pretend to be students and listen to what students say.
Teachers can encourage students to take part in discussion of created questions and tasks.
The second, school should encourage students to learn other skills and abilities.
Finally,teacher education should be more re-injection of combining theory with practice.
When we were little kids, we would all have own our dreams.
We hope to become a useful person in society.
Since, I want to be a furniture designer.
My father is a furniture manufactory.
I can always observe elegant furniture model.
Over the years, I have grown to like the furniture.
Every time, I always see furniture for a long time.
Later, I go to university.
I choose the industrial design because I like a great variety of furniture.
I like furniture so I want to be a furniture designer.
I can provide consumers with comfortable furniture.
People who use the furniture will be very happy.
I will be happy.
What is other reason I want to be furniture.
I like sleep, I want to design a kind of let people sleep not waist sour backache bed.
So I can sleep as long as you want for long.
My name is Ben.
I am 13 years old.
I have many good habits.
I never drink coffee,because I really don't like coffee.
I often read books.
And I never stay up late.
Everday,I can drink milk,because I think it good for my health.
However, I have many bad habits,too.
I never exercise and I usually eat junk food.
I often watch TV for more than two hours a day.
I hardly ever help my mother do some housework.
I don't want to the dentist for teeth cleaning.
In recent years,Almost every family has access to the internet.Cyber space bring people advantages -please-sure and convenience.However,while making our life easier it may bring us problems as well.
Computer v-irues are frequent and annoying.Some vital information may disappear in computer.
In modern society, people have to face a lot of pressure in different aspects.
In recent years, more and more, the classic, tourist attractions come into the sight of people.
So traveling is becoming more and more popular for those people to relieve their pressure.
Traveling is very exciting for everyone.On one hand, we can pay a visit to any wonderful and typical scenery in many different regions or countries.
We can understand the different language, culture, local customs and living habits.
What you sees and hears will make you a lifetime.
On the other hand, if you are living in the northeast of China, you can go to Hainan for avoiding the cold in winter, you can feel the gentle sea wind,eat plenty of fresh fruit,enjoy ample sunshine as well as feeling the breath of spring.
If you haven't enough time, you will take a trip to the nearby mountains for climbing or having a picnic and go to the beaches for swimming and sunbath with family members.You will feel relaxed and joyful.
In addition, it will be very helpful for your health in body and mind.
All of above, as far as I am concerned, the traveling will increase happiness to our wonderful memories, we can enjoy it as long as our lives.
When people return from their travel, they will generally feel fresh and energetic, ready to work harder.
Therefore, in this fast-paced Time,traveling is the best choice to relax us, slow down, regain our motive power and enthusiasm of living.
The Mid-autumn Day is a traditional festival in China.
It's the second important festival in a year.
On that day,people have a traditional dinner with their family.
During the Mid-autumn Day,they always eat all kinds of moon cakes.
On the evening of Mid-autumn Day,people see the full moon together after dinner.
It's so round and brightly that it like a big dish.
It's more beautiful than any thing in the world.
Autumn is a harvest season as well.
People all over the world are celebrating the harvest.
This picture is mainly said that lots of aged people who miss their children lives a lonely life, in this picture,an aged woman sits in front of the mirror and she talks with herself, which suggests that she is really lonely.
Nowadays, a lot of young people go to another cities to find satisfying jobs.At first, they just want to earn a living, they just want to make their families live a good life.
So the aged people stay at home.
They don't complain, they don't resist,they only wait for their children.
The lonely life of the aged people is painful,so we should take attention on them.As far as I am concerned,as a child of these lonely aged people, you should call your parents regularly, tell them that you are missing them.
Moreover, if you have holidays, try your best to come back home to see them.
Family is always more important than career.
In a word, we should show our respect and love to the aged people.
For centuries, the classroom has been seen as a perfect place where teachers inculcate knowledge, teach useful skills, and instill high moral values into students.
Definitely not.
In fact, there is a whole world to learn outside the classroom, especially for language learners like us.
I strongly hold that if we desire to learn a language well, we must expose to it as much as possible.
As English learners, we should take advantage of all resources we possess.
And US TV series seem to be our perfect choice since they not only encompass popular expressions used by native speakers, but cultural elements as well.
Take my favorite, Boston Legal, as an example.
