illegal action.
Summer is coming means the arrival of the summer vacation.This summer vacation is a significant time.The reason why l think so is that l will to be a student of 12th grade.So it is so important to keep on studying in the summer vacation.
To start with,l believe that l should have a particular plan about my vacation.A wonderful plan can tell you what you should do and how you do it every day.
At the first month l am dying to finish my homework.Don't only by end of the summer vacation do you realize that you have no time to finish your homework.It is so terrible for students.
As we all know,if you always study at home,it is not good for you.Although you are a student of 12th grade,you also need enough relaxation.The second month,l plan to travel some places with my parents.Don't forget spent some time with your parents forever.And l will take the book that l like and record some things that l can't forget.
After coming back,l will preview the book of senior three to welcome the arrival of 12th grade.
In conclusion,mental and physical health is important for person,especially for us.SO we should take true action to combine exertion and rest.L believe that there is no doubt that l will find inspiration and pleasure this summer vacation.
Recently a reasearch shows that students' attitude toward the function of mobile phones.
It said that what students like most is that they can reach other people and what they like least is that others could reach them.
To some degree ,I agree with this opinion.
As we all know,mobilephones have prevail in students' life,especially in colleage students.
With mobilephones ,students can keep in touch with their family,their friends.
They can call them at any time they want.It is really convenient for them.
If necessary,a call or a message could let them know what they want to know.
They can get the information in a short time without face to face communiction.
But as time going on, they would prefer to use it to search the internet ,play games, chat with strangers.
The communication with their family and friends would be less and less.
What's more, they may feel someone's call disturb them.
Sometimes, they even don't want to answer the phone.
They don't want talk about with others.
They just want call when they want.
In general, students like useing phones to do what they like.Ther can get information what they want.
But they don't like other people reaching them just because it may disturb them.We should instruct them what they shuold do.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Sweden.Today,I want to introduce Sweden to you.
Sweden located in the middle of the Europe covers an area of 4.1 square kilometres and has a population of 7.5 million.Berne is the capital of Sweden.Geneva which is very famous around the world is also situated in Sweden.
Sweden's neighboring counties includes Austia,France,Italy and Germany.They are all developing countries.
Sweden has a beautiful view and it is krown as "The Garden Of The World".
Watch, chemical and food industry is very developed in Sweden.
In a word, Sweden is a magic country which always gives us surprise.I have been in love with Sweden and I hope that you can love it,too.
There is a problem here,that is how we learn.Some people say that through reading, some people say that through practice.Although the ancients say read books rather than walk a thousand miles,I think that the basis of the study rely more on the theoretical knowledge of books, in-depth learning to practice.
The book is the ladder of human progress.
Reading is everyone doing things, many people love the book such as treasure, Shoubushijuan, because a good book can affect a person's life.Reading can make us grow knowledge, do not go out, then we can see the world, can improve our reading ability and writing level, can make us have the cultivation.
I am very fond of books, have to book the point of life.
I think every student in the world of books, have their own life.
To read, should be regarded as their own fun.
Finally I want to say that we are what we read.
As we all know,with the development of technology,our world is becoming more and more colorful,and it seems that more and more people are getting sucked in virtual life,anyone cant't do many things without internet,whether he like it or not.
Virtual life has many advantages.Firstly,with the internet we can access everywhere easily,we can travel the world,go shopping,go to school,see a dorctor,do business and do many things you could imagine,most importantly,we could do all those things without leaving our house,Secondly,we could get information conveniently,if you are student,you can find all kinds of useful learning material,if you are worker,you can write edit and submit articles via email,chat with your collegues on line and disguss work with your boss,what'more,you can get all the data you needed and keep up with the latest news,Lastly ,the internet make our life more freedom,we could speed more time in doing interesting things,as for working,it moves into background.
However,virtual life also has many disadvantages.For example,internet has much negative information,some of it has bad effect on the teenager's growth,and there are some students lost their selves in playing computer games,as a result,they don't get good grades.
In my opinion,we can avoid sides effect.Virtual life has more advantages than disadvantages,so we should arrange our time and make good use of it.I believe that we can live a more happy life with virtual life.
The existing environment of Non-Material Cultural Heritage in our country has been worsening with the social modernization and industrialization.
The protection of Non-Material Cultural Heritage, therefore, has an increasingly importance recent years.
The Non-Material Cultural Heritage, according to my knowledge, is a pattern of traditional performance, existing without the shape of subject.
However, it connected closely with the life of the masses and passed on from one generation to another over 100 years, such as the opera, Dragon Boat Festival, and so on.
The Non-Material Cultural Heritage is a precious wealth left by 5000 years' history to all Chinese, so everyone have duty to protect it.
First of all, we must strengthen the awareness of protection.
Secondly we can make the knowledge of Non-Material Cultural Heritage widely known by more people especially friends and relations around us.
Thirdly, the government can protect it more by laws and should put more human resources and finances to protect Non-Material Cultural Heritage.
As we can see in the picture, there is a boy telling his father that he is worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
However, his father says you can do anything if you can empty the dustbin.
We can learn from the picture that doing small things plays an important role in undertaking something big.
As we all know, each big thing is made of several small parts.
Besides, it is difficult for us to undertake something big at once time.
What's more, if we do every small things perfectly, we'll improve our confidence and ambition.
What's the most important, it is doing small things that makes us understand the process and details on the way to something big.
As far as I'm concerned, most of us ignore the small things surrounding us ang we always want to succeed through an easy way so we'd better begin at small things and gradually can we make progress and become successful at the same time.
National day is one of the most significant day in our country.This day has long days in chinese law.
In addition.the great mass of people should go home .and a number of peopie choose travei at home and abroad .At all events.people all go to relaxation.
It;s an important day that meaks begining of PRC on the day .there are pienty of ceiebrations holding throughout the country.
National Day is a happy holiday, really raising people's living standards rapidly.
In my school,I like the playground so much that I often go to the playground.
In my school playground,we can do many things,such playing basketball,playing football,playing table tennis and so on.
First,we can do some sports;because it is very important for us to make us healthy.
Second,we can run on the playground,though it is so easy for us.
The third one,we can also lay in the sun and lie on the playground.
I think school playground is very nice for us.When I feel tired and unhappy,it is the best place to go to.
It is big and clean.
And I like playing football and with my friends because doing sports helps me forget all my troubles.If I have a free time,I often go to the playground.
When I was a little girl,I started running,and now I was a player in my school,so I like the playground very much.
We will have a lecture about the importance of learning English.
This lecture is spoken by Professor White.
The lecture will be spoken from 2:00pm to 4:30pm on friday on February 27.
And the lecture will start in the school gym.
When the meeting finish, you should chat with each other about the lecture , and develop your English study plan.
Just as the saying goes,by reading we enrich the mind.In my opinion,reading play an important part in our life.
There are a diversity of books for us to choose from,like history,science and literature.From those about history,we can learn about history from the past and permit not to make the same mistakes nowadays.We can also learn various cuultures from reading books about different coutries' literature.I love the books about literature most.Reading those books can broaden my knowledge and also teaches me some useful skills as it contains such a lot of information.To be honest,everyone can benefit from books,which can bring peace to our mind.
If we don't read, our mind will become dull.Although we can take part in some activities,we still cannot receive such useful information.Therefore,let's keep reading books now and then.
It is said that low-carbon lifestyle has been a popular trend around the world in these days.As we all know,the earth is becoming warmer and warmer due to the global climate change.It is believed that the global climate change is due to human's activities.
Low-carbon lifestyle refers to reducing our daily carbon emissions by doing some meaningful things.In my opinion,low-carbon lifestyle stands for a kind of attitude,which means paying more attention to saving resources and protecting environment.Of course,reducing carbon emissions by using renewable resources and other things are the basic behaviours .
As a college student,I think we shoulder a heavy burden in low-carbon lifestyle.Firstly,we should study harder and obtain more knowledge in science and technology.Then we can make full use of these and contribute more to the process of low-carbon lifestyle.Secondly,we have to put feet on the ground and live a low-carbon lifestyle in person.Changing our previous living habit of wasting things is the first step.
We can use energy-saving electricity lights instead of the traditional lights.
Never leave the water running when we don't use it.
When we need to contact someone, it's better to send an E-mail than use paper to write letters.Use the public transport or ride your bicycle instead of driving private cars when we travel somewhere.Thirdly,wo should use our practical behaviours to influence more people.Making everyone understood what we should do in daily life accelerates the process of low-carbon lifestyle.
When we are taking about the hometown,I affirm that everyone has a beautify hometown and has strong felling to our hometown.Of course,I also have a little beautiful hometown.However when other people ask me where is my hometown,I can pride to say I come from H in P.Then them answer that Huangshan is extremely beautify city and recite the famous prose"The landscape of the Five Famous Mountains tops those elsewhere and the landscape of Huangshan Mountain tops that of the Five Famous Mountain.
"But I am sorry I haven't been to Mount Huangshan.So I don't have qualification to introduce the Huangshan,but I can pride to tell you about my hometown:Qimen.
Although the Qinmen is not famous of Huangshan, we have black tea of Qimen is also famous all over the world.So I help mom to chop tea when I was young.I hated to pick tea at the time,to be honest,because it very tired and exceedingly boring.Meanwhile it takes enough patience and challenge for me to chop the tea from 5:00am to 6:00pm and repeat the thing.
But there is some remarking interesting thing in the picking tea process.For instance,I can not only find fruit that I don't know them name to eat on mountain,but also can play with my countryman in the mountain.Perhap most interesting,however,was the sing folk songs.We stand at the mountainside and other people stand at the hillside opposite.This is a wonderful and sweat voice in my mind.Of course,it essential of most happy for me that my mom can give me little money as a reward when we come back to home.
When I leave my hometown to reading,I have not a long time to pick tea.So at the time I miss my hometown,my tea,my mom and my old friend.I love yours.
In the future,i think my life will be very inteisting and very wonderful .
First of alll ,i will be a Eenglish teacher who is patient and hard-working ,especially i will help students improve thier spoken English .Second, i will make a lot of money,so i can go to some beautiful situations,such as beijin ,shanghai,nanjing,so on .Third, as time goes by ,more and more people want to have a peace and quiet home ,so i could live in the moon.
In my opinion,i hope our life will be more and more better,and enjoys everday.
Western wedding divided into two parts, party and ritual.
Most of the people believe in Christianity.
Western wedding in the church, the priest is officiator.
They regard white as the most important color.
And western wedding supplies don't pursue, and generally didn't have to take the wedding, before the groom if the marriage to see the bride may give marriage brings misfortune.
In the wedding,the bridegroom the bride will say wedding vows and the bridegroom will lift the bride's veil.
After the ceremony, they will have a reception.
According to the picture, we can see a woman and a boy, which is her son.And the woman giving a book to her son,her son do not want to read the book,so the woman saying"just think of it as if you are reading a long text-message".
In my opinion,first of all, reading literature can improve our cultivation,because we can see many human"s good qualities from the literature.The second ,reading literature can increases our knowledge,because we can learn the knowledge which about history, geography, politics , science and other from the literature.
The third,reading literature can broaden our horizons,because we can know the world through literature.
So we should read literature seriously, to obtain knowledge from literature.
Spring Festival is very important for the Chinese.
A few days before Spring Festival.
I clean the house and than we go to the supermarket to buy food for the Spring Festival.
Sometimes I made big red lanterns.
On the day of the Spring Festival evening we eat the family reunion dinner.
We usually watch the Spring Festival gala.
I always get a hongbao.
It means lucky money.
I like Spring Festival.
Tom,who works as a famous educator now,had told an impressing story to me half a year ago.
According to the diagram,we can easily see parents' influence on child's character in different countries.In Japan,mother'influence takes over eighty percent while father's impact is less than twenty percent.
The similar result also exist in other contries such as Germany,US,UK,and so on.
Comparing father's influence ,mother always plays an important role in the growth child.This is a common phenomenon in our society and also abroad.
In my opinion,father's effect is as important as a mother to the devlopment of a child.They can teach the child's all-round abilities to help their child to adapt to the challenging world and the competitive society.Mother tells us how to communiate with others and has an essential impact on EQ like our emotional expression.At the same time,we will be more serious in accomplishing our task on the mother's influence.Our father contributes to our enthusiasim and our achievement in pusuing our dreams.We will have responsibilities to our career ,our family and our life.
Therefore,a child with the love from both his mother's and father's is a child who has a bright and hopeful future.
You are the friendly exchange school Chinese class monitor for it, we will in the summer camp in July of this year amid an activity to donate books.
Through these books can better understand the history of China, China's beautiful scenery, also hope to have the opportunity to can you to China for further study.
As we seen in the campus,one teacher may have to teach more than 100 children, compare to the one to one education system,that's more effective in quantity but not quality,student are not allowed to ask questions at once and can not properly show what are hidden inside their heart,that's for ,we cannot guarantee everyone in the class understood exactly what the teacher have said and after all,have their own mind.
First of all ,we should employ or raise more teacher to meet the increasing number of the student and guarantee the teaching facilities as far as possible.
secondly,we should give a deep thoughts about what kinds of students we want to raise,if you want more talented students,you should concentrate on upgrading the university's hardware and reduce the population in your school slightly,if you just want to raise the so-called college graduate,you may not concern about the population.But in my opinion,we cannot expand the population blindly!
First, I will tell you about twelve animals are simple of Spring Festival.
The twelve animals are dogs,monkeys,tigers,pigs,rabbits,snakes,mice,dragons,horses,hens,sheep and ox.
Second,this year is pig year.
Before Spring Festival,the persons always clean the house.
At New Year's Eve,all of the family members will eat together at this day.
We all feel happy.
Third,the first day and second day we need to visit our friends and other family far from for us.
Adults will give children lucky money.
At that time children are very happy and need to thank them.
Spring Festival is on the Chinese Lunar Calendar February.
Finally,I hope you will have a good time at the Spring Festival.
Hello,everybody.I need a classmates as English editor in school now.There are two parts of this job.One is to choose artides which is suitabie foe the he students from English magazines and the Internet.
Two is to choose to editor students of the contributians.What's more.If you get the job,you should be willing to offer some of you spare time to serve the students.And,you are good at English and art.In addition,you can use the computer mainly.If you interent in doing it,you are connect with student's Union this week.
Bob, who was an old man living alone.
Half a decade ago, when he walked along the street, he heard a strange voice.
Bob was so curious that he started to find that.
Finally, he saw a dirty puppy aside the street light.
"Bob said.
From then on, the puppy named Duck lived with Bob for a long time.
Last month, Bob didn't back home, for a car accident.
Duck didn't know that Bob was died, waiting for him without eating food.
And Duck was died end up.
It was Spring Festival that I have spent ordinary , but to my surprise my younger brother went back home .
He always stays at my grandmather's home .
So he was very happy to meet us .
On New Year's Eve , my family members all got together to have a big dinner .
They said many hopeful words before drinking .
After the dinner , my brother and I played games and others had a loudly talk .
They looked very happy.
At night, we watched TV until the big clock koncked.I knew 2014 has gone and 2015 has come .
My brother fell asleep .
I smiled.
During the 2015,I will show a new attitude to welcome the new team.
Over the years, tremendous changes, most of which we thought would never occur on the earth, have taken place around us continuously, making our life more diverse, easier and so forth.
Online shopping, as a new approach of purchasing in the 21st century, is widely used in our daily life.
What's more.
Not only has it been becoming more and more popular but it also has brought a lot of convenient merits into our life.
You can, for instance, have a glimpse of numerous and splendid stuff without taking trouble to drive to remote malls when it is boiling outside.
But, nonetheless, it also brings out some latent drawbacks due to the indirect deal.
When you are doing online shopping, you are not able to touch the productions you are about to buy, which is the reason why some people complain that there are some shenanigans in a degree or defects in the fake bargains.
Besides, it is claimed that it will be so inconvenient when the size of the textile you buy is not appropriate.
Therefore, we are supposed to pick up skills in order to manipulate it adequately.
Asking the qualities of the stuff you are about to purchase clearly, for instance, is vitally required due to the traits of online shopping.
Choosing a safe retailer, at least there are various comments made by consumers, or a famous website is also significant due to the security.
Taking into accounts all these features, I suppose that online shopping is definitely doomed to have a fabulous prospect.
Currently, people tend to be averse to take trouble to go to tedious malls, especially people who are very busy.
Meanwhile, it is time-saving to shop online so we can just sit home, have a nice coffee and bide leisurely.
In a nutshell, with the high pace of our society, the new kind of method of shopping---online shopping will become more common in our daily life.
And everyone will become accustomed to the merits and drawbacks it brings out.
As all humans, we hate to be promised with something that is never done with action.
We often regard those who do what they are expected to do as the ones most trustful and the most countable.
We think the least of those who tend to speak out great dreams and put down big promise but in the end nothing comes to be the reality.
Actions mean more than words, words can be spoken without resiponsibility, and that shall be worthless, and action is more convincing compared to it.
Words and actions are two kinds of emotional behaviors.
It is ironic that some people are always talking.
But they are doing nothing.
As a consequence, I completely agree with the statement:" Actions speak louder than words" because of the reasons presented below.
Diligence is better than laziness, intelligence than foolishness, honesty than dishonesty, anybody acknowledges that fact.
But in this life, many people know the good without following it, the evil without avoiding it.
For instance, they still smoke, even though they know it is bad.
Nobody can rival them in speaking, yet their behaviors are undeserving.
Therefore, it is easy to speak but difficiluty.I have once talked without my specific actions.
The result of that was people could possibly look down upon me.
In conclusion, words is nothing but words.
Actions is the way to make people admire you.
Do not talk much, just act, because actions speak louder than words.
With the development of the education, it's easier to get rich knowledge and more and more people enhance from it which makes them become more efficient.
But there is a problem that prevents people from revealing their abilities which is the lack of self-confidence.
So establishing the self-confidence become crucial and necessary.
In my opinion, to appreciate the success in our daily lives is a good method.
It demands us of that we should pay attention to what is happening around us and learn from them.
For example, in our daily lives, helping our friends to deal with something upset is a good idea.
It's because that it can not only reveal our abilities of solving problems but also manage the good relationships among our friends.
And both of them, the abilities and good relationships, are beneficial to us.
Because we can get happiness from that.
And in this virtuous cycle, we will be courageous and confident to face and deal with more things strange or difficult.
In addition, to join in group activities such as party with our friends is not unfavorable.
In a group activity, it has a tremendous influence on us when we learn from or succeed in that.
People will get motivation to show better to help their groups arrive at the expected goal.
Then people will benefit from great performance of themselves and the happiness form success.
With the time goes by, people will have more confidence for that they will do.
Overall, from above that we has been discussed, it can be concluded that it is necessary to learn from what is happening around us.
And self-confidence will be built up as we appreciate the happiness and success from them.
Everyone has a dream for themselves.
I also have a dream.
My parents are farmers.
They makes a living by themselves.Although we are not very rich,we have our own dream.
My dream is being a flight attendant.
I am fond of flight attendant at TV.
So I want to be a flight attendant.For this drean will come ture.
I have to be my hard work to achieve my dream.
I will hold on my dream.
From now,I must study English hard.
I try to be more polite.
Because good manners are important to everyone.
Everyone has different dreams,but I love my dream.
It is universally accepted that a great number of cities in the world are faced with increased pollution.
Taking Beijing for example, people hardly have chance to breathe the fresh air, by contrast, they often go out wear masks.
In my position, comparing with controlling air pollution, using clean energy is more considerable.
In the first place, as fossil energy reserves decrease ceaselessly, many efforts have been made to find new substitutes.
At this time, clean energy will be a good choice.
Not only can it help to reduce pollutants emissions like nitrogen oxides and carbon dioxide, but also can create a demand for clean energy.
Furthermore, some clean energy like solar and wind energy are widely acknowledged what is non-pollution and environmentally friendly.
We can imagine the situation in which we cook, drive or any other things by only using clean energy.
Of course, the problem of air pollution will rarely exist any more.
Given all of the advantages discussed above, using clean energy is the main way to deal with air pollution.
Hi everyone, glad to introduce myself.
I graduated from X junior high school, my name is x, comes from a beautiful city named .
I like making friend with others, playing computer and reading.
I am proud of studying with everyone in the same class for the coming years.
I am sure our common dreams will come true from now on.
Thanks.
People always found that someone can success easily.We usually soothe ourselves that they just born with great talents.We are easy to find an excuse for our failures,hardly can we know how much effort the winner made behind.
There's a girl around me,it's common practise that she win the first in every examination.Contray to me,i never tried to change my habits.I believed that eventually i would win with my talent.After a long period.i was really behind of her steps.I wondered what the differences between she and i.Through my observation.i noticed she was tiredless in the courses.She might not have the qualification of smart,but she was aware of that,she made efforts in advance.Her relentless efforts in advance is the most different thing.
As the saying goes:The early bird catches the worm.I have understood the deep meaning of this saying.We may not have an outstanding brain,but diligence tends to the enabling factors in success.
In this holiday ,I did a strange thing that I invited one girl to go with me.wow ,only she and me.hower i don not like her.because shi was so short short andshort.i went to nanluoguxiang with her.when i meet her ,i am so wonder that she was grow tall not yet.she was so angry with me.so i felt afraid of her.I tryed to make her calm.
After a period of time.she began to speak with me.In the way,I bought a tiger toy for her,and invited her to dinner.we were talked to each other to happy.I like that day ,it is unforgettable for me to go with girl!!
It's known that the development of tourism can foster economic growth.
However, there is a negative aspect that some historical sites and scenery spots have been damaged.
Some people hold the view that we should limit the development of tourism.
Because of the growing number of travelers, they think that tourism can ruin natural and cultural relics.
Mover over, they view that it's quite harmful to social and economic sustainable development.
While others don't agree that we should limit the development of tourism.
They point out that the tourism can support economy.
As the same time, we free ourselves from the hustle and bustle of city.
They also think that we can broaden our horizon and get more knowledge by traveling.
From my point of view, we should try our best to keep developing tourism in harmony with protecting tourist resources.
It's time for people came from different classes to take appropriate measure to protect the tourist resources.
The more importance is that we should insist protecting tourist resources in our daily life.
We could build environmentally-friendly ways of tourism only when all of us make contributions to protecting tourist spots.
There is no doubt that everyone have read or known something about classic.This is why,as we know,classic is the gen which left by our ancestors,so the reason is as followed.
First,classics have been selected by people from different area and different time.This is meant,they have been accepted.With time gone,so many things have gone,but they have been saved,and keep on playing an important part in people's daily life.
Second,classics are the precious treasure for us.They stand for the wisdom and culture of the old days.If we can read they carefully,we will learn a lot from they,what's more,we are able to have a deeper understanding about our life.As we know classics tell us what some people,who lived in the old days,had gone through.
So as far as I concerned,classics are the wealth possessed by all of us.They can become our friends and teachers,if we need,we can see they whenever.Beside,classics are developing with time,so the more you read,the more you will get.
My name is F and my English name is Allen.
I'm from T, P province.
I was born in an intellectual family.
My parents were strict with me since I was a child.
They were concerned about my study very much.
It seemed my childhood didn't very happy.
But my parents love me very much.
They love me more than love my sister and brother.
I'm an easy going-boy.
I have many interests.
Such as swimming, going shopping and focusing on the car.
I don't like staying at home in my free time.
I would take my free time to play with my friends more.
We always enjoy ourselves.
With the competition in the job market becoming increasingly fierce for college graduates, every year there are many graduates can't find a job now, there are many other reasons for the difficult employment.
For example, professional structure, financial crisis and the development of the westward and village and so on.
Faced the problem of employment, the government in trying to deal with the university students' employment at the same time, encourage college students self-employment.
As for me, it is a good choice for college students to start their own undertakings.
Nevertheless you should think it over and make full preparation before you decide to start your own business.
As a sophomore student, we should acquire professional knowledge seriously and develop the ability to use knowledge to solve something.
The most important thing is that we should have experience in actual practice.
In E.B.White's essays, the most widely appreciated one should be Once More to the Lake.
He is an American journalist and essayist.
This essay shows us his ideas of people as well as nature and memory.
The author loves his son and misses his father.
He takes his son to the lake in Maine, where he spent his happy time with his father.
Everything is similar to what had happened between him and his father.
In the past, his father took them to the lake in every August.
His love to his father and this lake make him go back there.
The same thing his son did reminds him of the old days, when he and his father went boating and fishing together.
The exchange of positions shows us love between the two generations.
Besides, the landscapes are very beautiful.
"The lake had never been what you would call a wild lake.
They remind the author of his childhood memories.
"The coves and streams, the hills that the sun set behind, the camps and the paths behind the camps" are still in his mind.
The world he describes is vivid and pure.
Life there is relaxing and pleasant.
He gives us a very beautiful picture of the lake, which makes the readers want to go there.Compared with the world we are living in, our environment has been polluted.
We have neither clear water to go fishing, nor fresh air for us to enjoy the blue sky.
In addition, in Once More to the Lake, we can find a touch of sadness.
The author is very sentimental as time is unable to flow backwards again.
All of his memories about the lake are full of happiness.
But now, his father is not able to accompany him any more.
Everything seems similar but he can never go back again.
In the last sentence of this essay, he feels the chill of death.
Although death is cold and horrible, we cannot escape the fact of it.
This essay tells us that we should cherish everything and everyone around us.
One day in the future, when we look back, we have no regret.
Life is short and we have no reason to waste it.
The lake symbolizes E.B.White's father.
His love to his father can be found between the lines.
Also, we should not always live in the past.
Memories can't fill up our life.
According to this essay, I think that we should protect our environment.
The views in the author's eyes are hard to find now.
Nowadays , we are facing different kinds of pollutions.
We have to wear a respirator when we go out and be careful about everything we eat.
We should create a better environment both for ourselves and for our next generation.
Nowadays more and more students have their own cellphones,their parents don't allow their kids to use cellphone at the school,but I think students should be allowed to use their cellphone at the school.
It's necessary to use cellphone at the school for students,because they can look up many new words or read books by a more comfortable way,and cellphone needn't spend our too much space too take care of it,but sometimes,cellphone might be useless without enough power,so we must take charge to the cellphone,it may trouble us enough.
In my view,allow to students use their cellphone at school can help their study,and they can contact with their parents timely when they wanna talk with their parents.
Although I'm not an Apple fan,I still admire Steve Jobs.In my mind,Steve Jobs is a man who is full of enthusiasm,intelligence and creative abilities.
His stories excite me for a long time.I can't image if I was him what would I do.Today Apple products become the most popular things in our life.Without Steve Jobs, products like these will never be invented.
Rest in peace.
Someone think it very essential that we university students should give attention to academic performance.
Academic performance is still the major way to measure a student's ability.
However, someone think communication ability is more essential,so university students should build up their communication ability to adjust to the contemporary society.
So many students have the question that which is more essential.From my point of view, academic performance is as important as communication ability .We should balance the relationship between them.
On the one hand,we should not give up studying,on the other hand,we should make acquaintance of more people who have a common goal.We should grasp each chance to advance our study ability and communication ability.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I think myself will be very different in ten years ago,and my life will be better in ten years.I will be twenty-eight years old by then.I will have my own family:my wife is very beautiful and I will have an nice child.
I will do a good job in whatever I do and I will enjoy my work .I will get along well with my colleage.
I will have many hobbies ,such as swimming,running,and basketball games.On my hoildays,I will often go to the park.
After all,my life will be much richer and more wonderful.
Good morning,everyone.I'm very glad to introduce something about Tianjin Library to you all.
With a resource of over 3200000 books as well as about 60000 DVDs and CDs,Tianjin Library is one of the biggest libraries in China.But in the library collect not only books,but also a large quantity of magazines and newspapers,which are renewed frequently,and the Internet is also offered to people learning in the library.Except for the mornings on Monday and Friday,he library is opened at 8:30am and closed at 7:00pm everyday.It's situated in 15 Fukang Road,which the bus No.47 and No.48 access to,so it must be of great convenient and joyful for you to go to learn in Tianjin Library.
That's all.Thank you for your listening.
"I have a dream.That one day,the mountains rise,mountain down;road of the frustration into royal road,light,filled with the world.
countries.Still depends on our generation,so I must study hard to construction of my homeland.
I want to be a financier.Because if you don't rich countries,people are not strong,China is not strong.Will China's financial ability,China will move a big step.
Recently, the waste and pollution have become increasingly serious in many campuses.
As a result, more and more schools have become aware of the importance of creating an eco-friendly campus.
Campus is a place where we live and study.
Creating a green campus can be the first step to create a green world.
Therefore, creating a green campus is undoubtedly of great significance.
To create a green campus requires, firstly, our great effort to protect the environment.
In this case, we should make wise use of papers and we can recycle the textbooks, as well.
We shall never throw things away rashly, for dirt is said to be matter in the wrong place.
Planting more trees and plants in the campus is also a way to protect it from pollution.
For the students living in the dormitory, they should not leave the water running after using.
Moreover, we should convey this spirit to each student so that the campus will surely become a better place.
As a chairman of the student community, I propose that we follow the rules outlined above and spare no effort to build a real green campus.
Not long ago,Spring Festival,on which we get together and have a good time,arrived in everybody's expectations.
As known to us all,Spring Festival plays the most important part in Chinese festival culture.It's the time for people who are away from home to come back to their parents,as well as the time for people who have been in the state of tension to relax themselves.
As a traditional Chinese festival,Spring Festival stands for the long history of our culture,which our Chinese are always proud of.The following descriptions are about my Spring Festival.
In order to make the last day of this year perfect,the CCTV perform a celebration for the Chinese people all around the world.As for me,it's the best time of a year during the performances,because the TV can not only make us laugh,but also give a chance for everybody to take their mind off their problems that have troubled them a lot in the past year.How a meaningful day that New Year's Eve is!
It is so amazing that it leaves everyone feeling intoxicated.
As the beginning of the completely new year,Lunar New Year's Day is the the most appropriate time for the relatives who have been long time no see to call on each other.Being polite to my aunt and uncle,I say"Happy New Year and wish your daughter good grades.
"so as to please them,as a result of this,I'm likely to get a 'hongbao' to gain good luck.
After being on a visit to the relations,we come back to our warm house,dreaming about the new year.
In recent years, the expansion of information technologies adds to globalization in many ways.
But because of the series of financial crises in the late 1990s, globalization remains sluggish.
Now, some nations have pursued integration with the rest more aggressively than others, especially for small nations.
Singapore-the world's most global country can be used for an example, though the crisis and its own problems have slowed its integration with others.
Netherlands is also on the top rank of globalization for its aggressive reform.
Meanwhile, with Sweden and Finland are benefit from global communications technologies for aggressive reforms, the current globalization ranks may be in flux.
Not all countries have participated equally in the development of globalization.
Firstly, leading countries will be greater openness, yet others remain stalled at lower level.
The digital divide between developed and emerging-market countries become deeper.
Secondly, among industrialized countries, another digital divide exists.
Scandinavian countries-Sweden, Finland and others, rank among the world's most wired nations besides the USA and Canada.
The global integration changed this region's face.
But most countries in the euro zone rank at the bottom of the top 20 globalized countries because of their relatively low scores in Internet development.
Finally, there are concerns about the disparities between industrialized and developing countries, especially with respect to Internet access and use.
Developing nations need do greater effort to bridge this digital divide and should address more fundamental concerns about infrastructure at first.
Nowadays many college students like to pursue famous brands.What ever the clothes or mobile phones,they always like famous brands.It is common to hear the college students talk about famous brands.Even if some families are not very rich,but families of children prefer decorated with famous brands.So i think it is bed the college students'pursuit of famous brands.
I think that college students love to decorate their designer wanted in appearance.Sometimes with famous brands and even some college student iust want to show off.In my view is famous brands is not important,college students should pay more attention to the cultivation of their self-cultivation.
So i think that pay attantion to learning,improve their accomplishment is more important than focus on famous brands.
As we all know,the pollution by cars is from bad to worse in recent years.Particularly in Chinese big cities like Beijing,more and more cars make more and more pollutional gas.
In order to control the situation,someone think we should be drive cars less.They think it can stop the pollution increasing.Someone suggest we can limit the personal transportation and develop the public transportation at the same time.And more and more people often find partners to merge lanes to the same destination.
But I think,these suggestions are all useful in a short time.If we can solve the serious problem,we should do something more besides those.For instance,car factories can invent small displacement automobile to make the car discharge less pollutional gas.Scientists can also invent new types of fuel.
People can use walk and public transportation to replace the car.
"What is the best way to learn" has aroused more and more attention and discussion from people.Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.However,others think people can obtain more knowledge through practice.In my opinion,people can benefit a lot by reading.
Firstly,as the saying goes,"One can find a beauty as good as a jade in the books,and he can also find a large amount of treasure among them.
"Reading can let us acquire more knowledge,master important skills and grip much initiative and creativity to make our dream come true.Secondly,finding the right book at the right time can ignite the spark of thought within us that motivates us to read more,understand more and read joyfully.What is more,reading can not only broaden our horizons,bring people more fun and make people learn more,but also can cultivate the ability to self-education.
Last but not least,reading can not only play an important role in learning,but also can have an important influence on moral standards as well as the scientific and cultural standards of the people.
All in all,reading is significant in our lives and we can find a great many of benefits through reading.In a word,we should spare no efforts to read as much as you can.
So here are different ideas for the impact of Parents on kids, in two parts.
First,the prevailing attitude is that children should be nudged,not pushed.
Parents should encourage kids to find their own way in an environment of low pressure and low expectation, so children are more likely to grow into young adults who are happier with their lives and more success in their careers.
Second, some persons hold the opposite view,they think, the higher the parents'expectation, the better children can do.
Kids with push parents are much likely to earn a college degree and land in jobs that make them happier and lead to a better life.
Thus, push parents raise more successful kids.
Family tradition has really an important impact on kids'development, better education leads to a better life.
However, as far as I can see, Pushy parents don't always raise more successful children.
First of all should do is that parents make good friends with their children and enough to know them.Parents should take appropriate measures to educate them for different personality kids.
For hands-off children should be nagged, not nurtured,onward and upward was the course parents should set.
Pushy parents raise more successful children.
But for pushy children, I think the best way is that encourage them to make something with their own way.
Too much push from parents maybe result in children's anxiety and depression.
Failing to meet parents'high expectations might make children lack of self-confidence.
So Encouragement is properly significant.
Nowadays,the society becomes more and more modern.There are many ways which can help us to get important information,such as surf the internet,watch Tv,use mobile phone and so on.To be honest,the internet save our time and make things more convenient absolutely,however,i want to say it may not be a good thing.
by just using our fingers,without any thinking.
We can look at the picture, the boy is holding a mobile telephone,and surf the Google to get someting which the teacher asked .Did the boy really know why the answer should be this?
.This is the worse situation that a person get a result without any reason.
I done't mean Google is not a good tool to help us to know more, but sometimes we should get the answer by ourselves,and may be it will take you more time and space , but after you make it, you will find that you really experienced it and you will feel pretty good.
Education doesn't mean learing to obtain information.It mean learing to obtain the information by yourself and then obtain whether it is right or not.
Everytime you meet someting which is not familiar to you ,you should calm down,and find it out totally.
Different people have different understandings of life.Some think that money is the life of all.Others prefer the power to bring the honor.They are afraid of poverty and losing what they cherish.However,Marie Curie once said:"nothing in life is to be feared,it's only to be understood".
Only do you understand the true meaning of life,you could live better even if you have a poor condition.
Diogenes,a man living in the world ,shoeless,beared and half-naked didn't have work to do and no family to prvide for,but he felt very full and happy.What's more,he thought that the life must be simple and natural.In addition,people should live without conventions and escape complexities and estravagances,and then you will get a free life.
Personally,I am not quite agree with him.According to what he said,we simply return to the primitive sociaty,living in the cave.However,the sociaty need make progress,we should pursue a better live and try to impove our living condition.But we can not too much emphasis on the material wealth,or it can be a cumbrance.
with the Internet developing.
some developed area appears online shopping hot.
Online shopping has become more and more common and popular.
But it also takes people soms risks.
Some people prefer shopping on the net.
These people think that it has many advantage.
First shopping on the net can give customer provide with a wide rang of choices.Beside it's very convenient and time-saving.people can stay at home or ang other places shopping whatever you want online.
However, others people dislike online shopping.others who prefer shopping on the real store.
First, they think that customer doubt its quality and price unless they see it by themselves eye.Finally they will worry about pay for money on the net.All in all,they think that it's a lillite complicted problem.
Actually, shopping on the net has become a trend which cannot be halted in the time.
I am really glad that you are interested in traditional Chinese festival.
The Spring Festival falls on the 1st of the lunar month.
And the Spring Festival that lasts 15 days is the most important festival for Chinese people.
It will be a long time for us to prepare before the date of the Spring Festival,which is similar to the Western Christmas.
We will go shopping to buy much food which is used to invite relatives and friends to get together to share them.
Then,we will sweep the house from top to bottom for which looks forward to having a luckier new year.
On New Year's Eve,all the family members usually unite at home,enjoying all kinds of delicious food and warmth of home.
During the Spring Festival,we will pay a visit to our relatives and intimate friends.
Computer into the classroom are becoming more and more popular among schools nowadays.Some people believed that with the improvement of information and computer technologies,computers will result in teachers' unemployment.However,I beg to differ for the following reasons.
Perhaps the most boundedness of computer learning is that it just allows the students to acquire information one-sided.There is no doubt that computers can assess students' ability to learn and formulate individual plan to every student,but they are unable to give consideration to students' emotion.There is no method for computers to give praise and award to students when they do a good job.This is a tremendous disadvantage of computers because concern really dose matter.Furthermore,the chance of students' group discussion will disappear eventually in that they just communicate with computers rather than others.The longer time spend in computer,the more stress they will feel.As we all know,people are social animals.They shouldn't be holding in front of the computers.In addition,as we all know,spend too much time in computer will do harm to our eyes and the radition will detriment to our body.
Taking into account all above factors,computers won't teachers but I believe that both computers and teachers are necessary for us and they are supplement each other.
There are so many people who can't understand why celebrities can have strong influence on society in all aspects.
As we all known, unknown product will be accepted by countless people as long as it's advertised by some celebrities.
In China, once a product is accepted by ordinary people, manufactures can get great benefit from it because China's large population.
It's known to us that the power of example is endless, it will change a person a lot.
So it is necessary for us citizens to take the advantages of that power fully.
However, every coin has two sides, there are so many kinds of celebrities.
Some of them are responsible for their deeds, and the rest take no responsibilities.
Famous people can use their fame to do something both meaningful and bad.
As for star spokesman, we should take it seriously.
In nowadays, advertisement is a wonderful way to carry on business, it also makes great contribution to society's program.
Here, if you're the famous man, it's your duty to use your effects legally.
No matter what kinds of advertisement you take, you ought to consider it carefully whether that advertisement is qualified product or not.
In doing so, our society will be much healthier.
Be a responsible celebrity, taking social interest as your priority instead of money.
Truthfulness is everyone's obligation.
There is a fashion that more and more people publish blog on the internet.Blog becomes popular with so many people especially young people as a means to put forward their opinion,write their thoughts and even express their mood.
Why does the blog so popular?There are various ideas.First of all,I think the development of the Internet computer science and technology contribute to the widely usage of blog directly.With the economy and society developing,the computer has been a necessary appliance in daily life and the network is gradually consummate.Consequently,people can use blog whenever and wherever.Besides,the blog is an open arena where everyone can say whatever he want to say and where people can communicate cheerfully without time or place limitation.Finally,now,it is a fiercely competitive society and most people live in tension and depressive.Blog is a good tool to relief themselves.
Of course,there is not only advantages of blog,but some negative influences exists.With information delivering,some negative effects is also spreading.Terrible remarks may mislead some people.
In short,blog is a double-edged sword.People should keep a sober-minded when following the fashion of blog.
Everybody probarbly know the thing that college students' fights often happen in university.
people should pay attention to education loopholes.
for our college student.we must increase this ability if we want to an all-round person.
like this,our shool will become better and better.
my first trip is g to the beidaihe.
there are many beautiful sea and big beach.we live in a hotel.
i go to the beach with my pet dog and we all have agood time wesaw a lot of things when i walked ang the sea.i sw the blue sky and blue sea.the weather was very sunny.i feel nice and evryone at there were very happy.we also ate a lot of delicious food in the evening.the next day we went to home and bought many things.
Nowadays,we can take in a lot at the school.And our ability is getting more and more high,especially our ability to learn.School education is paying more attention to enhancing our study ability owing to expecting us to get a good score in the test.For this reason,we possess a better ability to learn than other persons.
However,we have ignored some essential things,which are also crucial for our growing up,being called moral character.For example,the school education should teach us how to be a filial piety of man,because it is a traditional virtue.
Getting into the habit of honesty is all of us have to do as well.Only doing this,can we make more acquaintances and can we get the trust of others.
In a world,not only is the school education supposed to advance our study ability,but also pay attention to our moral character cultivation.Only in this way,can we be all-round development.
The question about whether students should evaluate teacher in college has around an intense debate over these years.
Many universities demand students to evaluate teachers.
The question has aroused mush interest.
Different people have different opinions; some people don't support this view.
They argue that teaching is a scared occupation.
Not only teacher has his or her own academic theory , but also students have their own characters, so it demand students that should adapt to teacher's way of teaching.
As we know, good pupils are to be brought up strict teachers.
So teachers can enhance their comprehensive qualities, we would better take into consideration that the beneficiary of the largest is our students.
It also contributes to increase the university's prestige.
However, we should realize diversified of student's characters.
As teachers must synthesize all the evaluation and improve their quality.
I am from Chinese family.My family is very friendly.In holiday we go to visit our relatives.We made dumplings on New Year's Eve.we go to the take part in the winter camp.I know a little frends.we were get along with frends but Holidays are short .
We treasure our friendship..In this holiday is Live very happilyhave a good timeenjoy yourself.
I learned a lot in this winter holiday.My winter vacation has once more ended happily in this way.
I really did enjoy this vacation tremendously,because I had done so many meaningful things,moreover,I have come to understand that one should help others willingly and frequently,this would make my life even more colourful and full of variety.
Hello,my name is L. I am 19 years old.
I am an active boy.
I am a student at T universty.
The school is big and beautiful .
There is a big playgroud, after school,there are lots of boys playing basketball.
There are lot of tree in my school ,there are beautiful ,l have many friends in my school ,so l like my school .
l like sports very much .
such as basketball ,running.
If you need help ,please come to me .
When a point goes back to the moved feelings, a group of pictures pour into my mind in an instant.
What touches me most, however, is sort of among animals in the fantasy world in Charlotte's web by E.B.
White.
As a spider, Charlotte was often regarded as a ugly cruel bloodthirsty one, but when the little pig Wilbur was in worry, she was the only one to comfort him; when Wilbur was in danger, she took the responsibility to keep him away from bacon.
She was patient, loving, and intelligent, weaving her web with sacred words to make people believe that Wilbur was the best pig, fantastic and humble.
And finally Wilbur won audience's attention and a big medal, which meant he was saved for that year's winter snow.
All this owed to Charlotte.
She was proud of her works, and for it she made a great sacrifice until the end of her life.
Although she could never return to the barn, Wilbur brought Charlotte's 517 children back home with the help of a greedy nasty mouse, Templeton.
Charlotte was grateful for what Templeton had done for her and she was happy to have a friend called Wilbur.
She just whispered goodbye to Wilbur weakly while unwillingly when Wilbur gave her a wink, the only way he could say goodbye because of the bundle he took in his mouth.
Since then Wilbur took care of Charlotte's bundle carefully and he finally saw the beautiful snow.
When I read the part they had to depart, at that moment I was deeply moved by their valued friendship, handed down generation by generation.
I also admired the brave choice Templeton had made.
The feelings among animals may be more pure and permanent.
Sometimes love is everything.
Wuthering Heights is a story about love and revenge .
Heathcilff was adopted by Mr Earnshaw on the Livepool Street .He live with Mr Earnshaw 's son Hindly and his daughter Cathy.Hindley hated Heathcilff but his sister like Heathcilff.After Earnshaw died ,Hindley become the host of the family ,he treated Heathcliff as a farmer and insult him .At the same time ,Cathy and Heathcliff love each other.Linton ,the son of Thrushcross Grange,pay court to Cathy ,and visit her very often .Cathy made up her mind to get married with him,Heathcliff was very angry and went out.Heathcliff came back with a lot of money.
He cheated Hindley's belongings by gambling.He did the things all for revenge.He married Linton's sister Isabella .Cathy died after she gave a birth to little Catherine.Isabella discerned Heathcliff and left him .She procreated little Linton and died .Heathcliff spoliated little Linton and badgered him to love little Catherine.Heathcliff hijacked little Catherine and forced her to be married with his son .After this ,he annexed all Linton's belongings and finish his revenge.
At the same time , Heathcliff was importuned by Cathy .He stayed at his own room all day and didn't have meal or sleep.At last,he died in dumps and delirium.
Wuthering Heights is also a story of Heathcliff.Considering the background of that time, Heathcliff is a character which embodies the anxieties that the book's upper- and middle-class audience had about the working classes.
As a reader,we may easily sympathize with him when he is powerless, as a child tyrannized by Hindley Earnshaw.
But he becomes a villain when he acquires power and returns to Wuthering Heights with money.Those people who once bullied him were trying to curry favour with him.
This corresponds with the ambivalence the upper classes felt toward the lower classes-the upper classes had charitable impulses toward lower-class citizens when they were miserable, but feared the prospect of the lower classes trying to escape their miserable circumstances by acquiring political, social, cultural, or economic power.
Everyone has some housework in their family,and I have some housework in my family too.
I often help my parents to clean the floor,clean the windows,clean room and so on.
By doing the housework,I realized that it was hard to do the housework.
At the same time,I also know my parents are very hard and busy.
So I plan as mush as possible to do the housework,such as sweeping the floor,cleaning the window,finishing room,in order to reduce the burden of parents.
Nowadays, most of students attention less immportance to spelling of word in the procsss of English study.This bed habit greatly influence student's writing and broring more probleam with study life.
As we know,spelling is important to study English.So,there are three reasons for this phenomnon.Firstly,exam-oviented education makes the students pay less time to spelling.Secondly,English eachers should also be resonsible for it ,because most students not realize the importance of spelling.Last but not least,there are some students are too lazy to spelling.
As for me ,one the hand ,exams should be change ,and add to some factors into it.Which would help student pay more attention to spelling.One the other hand,for students,they can through other ways make them be interested in word spelling.In a ward,only by these can we surly realize the importance of spelling.
Happy Spring Festival my English teacher.
I think that it is your first time to have New Year.
Now let me tell you something about Chinese New Year.
First of all,I think it is important for you to have your own Chinese zodiac,because everyone who is in China has his or her own Chinese zodiac.
Chinese zodiacs include dog and monkey and tiger and so on,and this year is Pig Year.
Moreover,persons will have a Spring cleaning,it not only cleaning the houses,but also help persons develop their relationships.
People will have a big dinner together after they finish the Spring cleaning,and it is a beautiful time.
In the end,people will visit their relatives when it is on the first day in New Year,and children will be received the lucky money,it is very interesting for children.
All in all,it is very interesting for you to have New Year in China.
I can remember when I was 14 years old.
I went to go shop with my sister.
A dog rushed to the front of me, and is shocked.
When I calm down at found that this is a very lovely dog.
Furry, feels very comfortable.
But this time I looked didn't see the dog's owner.
I'm afraid it was caught the bad guys.
I'll take it home.
In this way, it accompanied me through the half a year's time, uofrotunately it died because a car accident and it left a deep impression on me.
Hello,every new comer, as your elder sister,I warmly welcome all of you who come to X university to study.
As you have known,college's life is varied.However,there are also some things that we must pay attention to.First of all, we must learn to handle the finance.Because most of us don't realise that our parents are paying their life for us.They work hard just for us whom can study easily.Second, you must care of yourself,because it is possible for most of you to leave your hometown for the first time.Without parent's around, you also need to live well.The third,this is also the most important things you must to learn.You ought to learn to take responsibility for what you have down.
For you are the adult,no longer the baby.Moreover, we will be into the work wold later or soon.
Every people has diffenert views on the"No Cars Day".Some people think it is worthy,but the other people don't think so.The former think it can help to improve the eniorment,because it can improve the people's views about the eniorment.Now the earth is getting worse and worse,but some people don't think highly of it,they do the bad things to the envirment all the same.
I will never forget my first trip.When I was little,my father took me to a seaside in my hometown ZheJiang.There were many fishing boats and boxes about fish.And then we took the fishing boat to a small island.There was not any tree in the island,but I think it was very nice because it had many big birds called wild migratory goose!And there was a lot of rock so it's difficult to walk.
My family played with sand and rock and I moved the rock to find some beatifull insect.
We cook the fish and seafood by ourselves beacause there wasn't many people and restaurants.It's delicious!
To improve our abilities, college arranged internship for us in summer vacation.
When I came to the fire brigade for the first time, I was touched by the enthusiasm of the firemen.
They are all so kindly that help me with my luggage and took me around that make me know it better.
I feel they are brothers to me and we are family.
I was thought that firemen are so cool which was so different from I felt.
I had a wonderful time during my internship.
I made many good friends who we played together, trained together and drilled together.
Especially our leader left a deep impression on me who was loyal to friends and often trained and played ball games with us.
Besides, our old monitor so ready to help others and explained questions to me patiently.
So we all live in a harmonious atmosphere.
At the same time, I learned how the firemen put out fire.
I have got early insights into the fire equipment and had a good command of some fire equipment.
Firemen and we live together, so I had a known of the daily life of firemen and we share the pain and happiness of life.
I also have known the spirit of firemen which is the most important that I learned during the internship.
They sacrifice themselves for others and full of courage when they face danger which I admire most.
I respect them so much and I am so proud as a fireman in the near future.
Nowadays, with the increasing people, especially teenagers, absorbed in Internet, their parents are worried about children isolating themselves from their friends.
From my perspective, it will be of great use for teenagers to decline the time on the Internet.
There are numerous reasons to support my view, and I would explore only a few of the most important ones here.
One of primary cause is that longtime on the internet do harm to our health such as our shoulders and eyes.
What's more, it also impact our mental health in the virtual world.
It is very easy for teenagers to be cheated.
Another reason is that we are supposed to explore our real friends.
The friends in real life more care for our life than the virtual friends and can share our happiness and sadness truly.
Taking into account of all these factors, we may draw a conclusion that spending time in surfing on the internet appropriately is very necessary and important.
As university students, we are supposed to set good examples to the teenagers.
In the book, Jefferson's Declaration of Independence words about happiness kept recurring to Chris Gardner.
Every day, Christ had to work hard from morning till night, but still could hardly make a living.
Chris saw a bunch of suits, mostly male, pouring out of the Dean Witter Reynolds brokerage firm in downtown San Francisco.
Christ wondered.
He did have an adorable boy, Christopher, but wife Linda was becoming a scarecrow of overworked anxiety.
Finally, his wife left Christ because of life pressure, leaving him and her five-year-old son, Christopher.
And naturally, Christ became a single father.
With the failure of his business, Christ had no money to pay for the rent, so they were driven away from the flat.
They became homeless.
They slept in asylum, subway station public bathroom or anywhere as a temporary shelter.
The destitution of life was absolutely depressing, but for his son's future, for his own belief, Christ never gave up and he still strongly believed that happiness would come one day if he worked hard enough today.
With his great efforts, Christ won a six-month internship at Dean Witter, but there was no pay at all.
So on one hand, Christ had to work hard to make a living; on the other hand, he had to fight for his intern work, since only one of the twenty interns would succeed finally.
Besides, he had to take good care of his son after day care.
However, Christ made it with his amazing willpower.
Christ was unfortunate, for he got a wife who was not understandable at all (though she has her own difficulties) and was in bad luck with his business.
But he was very fortunate also, for he got a son who was very thoughtful and, I think, tough life experiences always make a great person.
It is said that this book is inspired by a true story, and I want to say, this book does inspire me a lot.
I like to watch The Pursuitof Happyness.
son.You gotta dream, you gotta protect it.
on it.This is a great father to his son's care and education Christopher.
spoken.
This inspirational film, I look at it with the problem.
What I can learn.
From despair to find hope.
insurmountable unless heaven or hell.
People will get benefits from his or her good education.
From a purely economic standpoint, people can get personal enrichment with their specialty knowledge .Second ,people who have got a good education may have more job opportunities .
Because they have better ability and comprehension which make them easily being acknowledged .Third,people can contribute to society with their knowledge .The development of society need all kinds of people who are good educated.Therefore , education is important to us.
With the development of taking part in social practice more and more controversies problem have been brought to our attention,one of which is that we should more take part in social practice.
Nowadays,more and more students look forward to having a university life.But,the college students will face with the serious problem of employment in future.Therefore,the teacher asks me to take part in social practice.It is that we will have a social practise ability.It is able to let me have more knowledge after graduate from the university.However,some students think that they don't need to have social practice.On the contrary,they can lack a lot of social knowledge.While some students think that we can hope to take part in much social practice,because we gain much knowledge of social practice.It will make our have many chances when we look for a job.
As far as I am concord,only in wanting to take part in social practice way can we have more and more knowledge in social practice.
Someone never thought he or her would be a hero, such as Lenny Skutnik.
He is a hero in this disaster.
There are some reasons we need to know.
And the reasons help us get some insight into why heroes in the disaster behaved as they did.
First of all, noble character is the main determinant that people make choose.
It depends on personality, also someone has the nice qualities.
While they suffered a disaster we chose help theme.
Not only it is just a choice but is our perfect quality.
And the good quality could help us to be a kind human such brave.justice.friendly.peace and so on.
Secondly, people have a respect attitude for life.
It's an important element for heroes.
In the nature, everyone and every life have equal status.
We should respect others and we could become a hero.
Not an ordinary person, but elitist.
We respect life that would be saved by ourselves.
Also I think it's a good attitude to improve our life.
Last but not least, the environment also an important side that we need.
When we suffered the situation, we must keep calm and do the exactly choose.
If we want to be a hero we will dedicative to help others.
But there is no return.
In our life, everyone will face the bad situation.
We could help others or accept help from other people.
If we give a hand to others, we will to be a hero in our life.
As the cpital of France ,Paris is a modern city with a long and rich history.there are many famous buildings there such as the Eiffel Tower,cathedral and so on.So many events took plance there and there are so many places for visitors to have a trip.So I want to go dancing at nightclub ni Paris,France.
Pairs France is warm ni Summer.At night,many people go out to join ni a dance party.
I'd like to wear light but modest clothing for Paris trip.I will bring T-shirt and shorts.I would bring big and dark coat,then I have a cap on my head.Last I need a pair of shoes which are light.
I believe I would have a geart time ni Paris France .
Many a time I has been asking myself about how college has affected my life.
Although my ideas are not always consistent, I want to share my feelings from three main perspectives.
Primary, I think college life gives me a chance to extend my vision and enrich my experience.
In college, we are so lucky that to keep in touch with different persons from different areas.
More, almost everyone can share their hometown's unique culture and custom, for example, what food is their fellow-villager like best, what traditional festivals are celebrated by them, and where is the most charming scenery in their hometown.
These experiences not only give us a way to keep in touch with outside word but also help us to make friends easier in the future life.
Second, I want to say college is a miniature society, in this society, many different persons live in and they have different characteristics.
Naturally, we will have to solve some problems in many occasions.
For instance, a couple of good friends may break up suddenly, the reason why they give up each other perhaps for money or love, even a tiny thing.
We should't regard this as a sensational news.
So college give us chances to try to solve it with skill, in case of we will lose many friends in the future.
Finally, college life has erased many of my characteristic flaws.
I was a young who is arbitrary, arrogant, and critical.
But after I enter the college, I know how vast the outside word is, every one of us needs to be a humility person, and learn to respect others.
In conclusion, college is a place for us to learn, and knowledge is endless, so we should try to know about it careful and unremitting.
With reform in other fields, higher education in China is also undergoing great changes.
One of them is the newly-adopted tuition policy.
According to the new policy, college students are supposed to pay an average sum of 2500 - 5000 yuan each year as tuition.
In addition, they must pay other fees, such as accommodation and healthcare.
Students can finance their college education in various ways.
They depend on their parents,as is the most common case in China.
They do parttime jobs to earn the money.
For the excellent students, they try to obtain scholarships.
And for the especially poor students, they may turn to the loan programs for financial aid.
With one of my parents being laid-off, my family can't possibly afford all my expence at college.
However, my family is not as hard-up as those from the poverty-stricken areas, and I don't want to seek help from the loan programs.
Instead,I practice selfreliance by offering instruction as a tutor.
In this way I find myself not only helping out a lot financially, but also, by getting out of the ivory tower,making great progress academically.
As a resuh, I have won the first-class scholarship for two years on end.
Fortunately, I have crone by the best way to finance, as well as to benefit from, my college education.
Spring festival is coming.
Spring Festival is on the traditional Chinese festivals.
People used to call it "the Lunar New Year".
It always starts between January the first and February the twentieth.
I like the Chinese New Year better than any other festival.
This is a time especially for rest and joy.
I need not study.
I wear good clothes and eat good food.
I have a good time from morning till night.
I am as happy as a king.
Shortly before the festival, Chinese people are busy shopping.
They buy vegetables, fish, meat and new clothes and many other things.
They clean the houses and decorate them.
During the Spring Festival, people use red lantern and Spring Festival couplets decorate a house, put on all kinds of colored clothes, often visit friends and relatives or together eat dumplings, fish and meat and other delicious food.
The children are looking forward to receiving red envelope money, and together they play each other the fireworks, with happy.
Street with dragon and lion dance and some other carnival activities will held the grand Spring Festival gala.
The Spring Festival is the most improtant and traditional festival in China.
It likes Chirstmas Day in England which is the most improtant.When the Spring Festival comes,a lot of people away from their hometown usually come back and spend it with their family.They will have a good meal together,it's called "Family reunion" dinner.The family will sit around the table,eat happily together.
At night ,we will play with the fireworks,it's really cool.The night sky will be very beautiful.I was very excited and happy.The day after it we would go to visit our relatines and friends,we will give our best wishes to them.
In fact,no matter whether you are rich or not.Everyone in your family may get together to enjoy the nicest time is the one more improtant.
The vast majority of people are beginning to realize that in the development of material culture, we should also pay much more attention to the spiritual culture-construction.
Therefore, schools carried out some reforms to help change this situation.
More and more schools are taking part in the tendency of putting a hook between the graduate students and community volunteer service.
And this measure has aroused a hot debate among the public.
Some people point that in such a age when gratitude and thankfulness seem to be in decline, community service should be a mandatory requirement of students before they graduate.
In my opinion, that is not the golden key to settle such a problem because volunteering should be done willingly.
A lot of literature on volunteerism assumes that people giving their time to nonprofit organizations are doing so because they are willing.
That is to say, volunteer service is any activity that involves spending time, unpaid, doing something that aims to benefit the environment or someone.
But the premise is not compulsory.
So, no one want to be enforced to do something that he doesn't like, especially for whom volunteering is mandated and not a choice.
The one problem of mandating community service for school students is that it kills the very essence of contributing to the community.
But proponents of mandatory community service might then argue that only by requiring students to participate can they be introduced to the world of community involvement and volunteerism.
I don't think so, because the mandate has destroyed the intrinsic meaning of volunteering and such a transient project could not have such a powerful impact on the harmony-construction of the community.
Beyond a student participating in the community service is solely to gain an academic requirement, which gives the students a bad single that the community service is just a kind of form to get something.
Maybe we cannot get the money or something else by voluntary community service, but actually we get the graduation certificates we want, even an application into an institute of higher learning.
In conclusion, every coin has two sides and I can't deny that mandatory volunteering has its own standpoints and advantages of building a cozy community.
But from a more comprehensive perspective, it will do harm to the students' mind and put the volunteering into an embarrassed situation.
So let's start with a mandatory introduction to service and let the volunteering be actual volunteering.
The Dragon Boat Festival is one of the important national festivals in China.It is on the 5th day of the 5th month of the lunar year and we Chinese will commemorate Quyuan that day.Do you know who is Quyuan?It will dates back to about 2,000 years ago,he was a great poem by that time and jumped into the river for many politic difficulties on the 5th day of the 5th month of the lunar year .
Usually,Chinese people will observe The Dragon Boat Festival by dragon-boat racing,everywhere will hold the boating games every year,more and more people love it ,interesting and exciting.On The Dragon Boat Festival,eating zongzi is a traditional custom.Everyone will eat it in memory of Quyuan.
Since this great cultural background, so the Dragon Boat Festival has now become our major traditional Chinese festivals.
At some areas,every family will hang calamus on the door which is said to be evil spirits misfortunes.
That is all.We should protect our Chinese traditional day and protect our colorful cultures,shall we?
Nawadays many students ignored spelling in English learning.
In my point of view,there are two reasons.Firstly,we all believe that as a good English learner, we should communicate with others easily;get good marks in exams,so we always ignored spelling;pay more attention to acquire knowledge for examination and pay more attention to speaking and listening.
Secondly,spelling is a hard work and in each text we all have many new words,and we students do not have enough time and patient to remember them.What is more,many teachers do not have dictations in class,as a result many students pay less attention to it.
In my opinion,though spelling is a hard work,it is very important in English learning,so we should pay more attention to it.In class teachers ought to take a few minutes to have a dictation.Our students can form a study group and do some things about spelling together.In these ways we can learn and remember more new words.
The Mid-autumn Day is a traditional festival in China,every year,the family gets together.
It is the second most important day of the year.
We have a day off in the Mid-autumn Day,in that day,the family often sit together to eat all kinds of moon cakes and enjoy seeing the full moon.
Autumn is the harvest season,every year the Mid-autumn,people celebrate harvest together.
On the evening of Min-autumn Day,family always eating dinner together and watch TV.
The Mid-autumn Day is a very good festival for the Chinese people.
Sharing something with others is a good way to show your kindness.
I have a sharing experience.
Last month, my friends and I went to Happy Valley to play.
The time passed quickly.
It was the time for lunch.
We felt hungry.
So we went to KFC.
However, the food was too expensive for us to buy too much.
So I gave them some of my food and they gave me some food as well.
We ate and talked happily.
I was extremely happy, and I thought sharing is good for us.
I think everyone shouldn't be so selfish, and we ought to share something with others.
Hey, welcome to NEUQ which is located in the seaside, it is a little small but very delicate.
There are lots of buildings located in campus.
And the tallest is the complex building, it is very great.
The library is next to the complex building, where students learn a lot of knowledge.
Our football field is called the best in the city.
Different people have different opinions, in my eye, the most interesting is the library, it contains kinds of books offering a lot of knowledge.
It benefits me a lot, so I think it is the most interesting place on campus.
As a college student,you need to master a variety of skills.First of all,you should be good at arranging your time.Since during your college life,you'll have a lot of free time,and you must learn how to make good use of it.Besides,you have to expose yourself to the ways to assemble and process new information rather than only receive what teachers tell you.That is,you should get rid of the passive habit of study and develop a new self-study-habit.In addition,you ought to gain the communication ability.What an efficient way is to take part in some social practices,in which you can meet all sorts of people.And then you'll learn how to handle it.In a word,you are suppose to be a talented person who meets the social requirements,when you leave school.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.Now let me tell you something about it.
The developed country,Switzerland is located in the middle of the Europea which is close to Austria,France,Italy and Germany.It covers an area of 4.1 square kilometres with a lot of famous cities there,such as Geneva.As the capital of the country,Berne isthe centre of economy of Switzerland and the whole world.The population of Switzerland is 7million and 500 thousand where the people is diverse.
industries like watches,chemistry and food.They all make the people rich and comfortable.
I want to have a travel to Switzerland because I love it very much.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.Time will go by,and all of us will grow up.After a decade,my life must change a great deal.
First of all,I may have a lovely family of my own,which will have one or two cute kids.We will live in a big house with my parents.Besides,I am going to have a pleasant job,which is not busy but enjoying.During working,I will try my best to solve the problems that we are tried for.What is more,after work,I can take a walk with my parents or fly the skite with my children.I am able to feed up the family,and everybody is happy every day.
In a word,in order to make the dream that we have come true,we must work hard now to make a difference in the future.
Nowadays,self-confidence plays a major role in person's character and also is the cornerstone of success.If you have no confidence,you do not know how to express your views,or solve the difficulties.Each of us has our own unique point of view.Here are some of my proposal.
First of all,focus on your own merit and achievement regularly.For instance,Pay more attention to demerit and lost,of course,more upset and inferior feeling.Thus,You should fortify the high resolve.For instance,write down five points of your advantages at least,and when you take part in kinds of activities,think of it and tell yourself how excellent you are.From the point of view of science,this is the spread result of confidence,can improve success rate.
Afterwards,as the saying goes,the one takes the colour of one's company.If you always stay with crapehanger,you will be flagging.Pessimism is a contagious disease.In opposite,if you contact with confident people who have largeness of mind,you can become the same in the future.So,try to make friends with them.
The third,set appropriate ambition.If the target is low,it is useless,but also the goal can not be too high,aim which is hard to finish will hurts your confidence.In fact,a proper ambition is:if you try your best to touch it,you can gain the fruit.
After all,confidence is an optimistic and wealthy measurement of an ambition you can get,it can worth saying that confidence means half of success.As a result,build up self-confidence,the unpleasant ordeal may be easier to deal with if the end result is worth having.
Employment issue is one of the biggest concerns of our country.For the growing of college graduates is fast,and that of vacant positions is relatively slower,more and more graduates are faced with the risk of unemployment.
As a survey suggested,almost 80% of college graduates found their jobs.But more than 70% of them expected too much to their first jobs,they wanted to find a high paid job or a comfortable and easy job or hoped that their first jobs are of their majors,and there were many other expectations.Therefore,most graduates who have found their jobs are not so satisfied with the beginning of their career life.
But the choices and requests of jobs were also different from female to male graduates.Most female graduates preferred jobs that are comfortable and easy,of course,it may as well with a good salary.While the male graduates expected more on technical and salary,and they were more restrict with the relation with their majors.
To find a good job is not an easy thing.But if we work hard and lower our expectations,to find a job is not a very difficult thing .Although it may not be our ideal job,we can develop ourselves through it,and then the experience can help us find our dreamed jobs later in a high degree.
Now the family,some people who are like keeping pets,but some dislike pets very much.
Such as my mother,she dislikes cats and dogs and some other pets.My mother thinks the pets would put the living room so dirty.And she goes out to work everyday.So she does not have enough time to take care the animals.My father sometimes worry about the pets bite or scratch others.
Around me some neighbours have pets at home.They say that pets are very cute ,and the pets are the best friends of human beings.Because of the pets,my neighbours are feeling happy and not lonely.
I like dogs,although I was bitten by a dog three times ,but I still love them.Such as the golden retriever.This kind of dogs are very beautiful and gentle.I think dogs are our best friends forever.So in the future,I will keep a pet with me.
I do not agree with this opinion, because it is obvious that the Internet is not always useful.
My personal view is that the importance of having a teacher in a class and it is also very important for the students to work with the teacher together.
On the one hand, many students like playing computer games, if without the teacher in class, they may play games instead of studying.
On the other hand, it is the danger of spending too much time looking at a computer.
It is bad for our eyes and can not keep our health.
But when we work with a teacher, it is very helpful for us if we have the questions.
So, it is very necessary to work for us with the teacher together, I think.
The whole's work depends on a good start in spring.And as the start of a new year,the Spring Festival is so grand that all the Chinese celebrate it,ont only in China,but in other countries.Though it maybe far between us and our home,the hearts ofour families would be together.
When there are about ten days before the festival,people began to prepare for it.We cook La Ba Zhou and La Ba Cu,we make some paper-cuts and couplets and glue it on windows and doors.There is also a kind of candy called Tanggua,we use it to sacrifice,to wish a great harvest in the next year.
When the festival comes we have a big dinner with families and we eat jiaozi,which is my favourite food.We watch a big party on TV in the evening,and there are also many activities at the same time such as playing cards and send good wishes to our friends.During the next days,we go to visit our relatives.We send Hongbao to wish them a good year.
In short,the Spring Festival is the most importang festival in China.I really love it!
Once upon a time, there was a little boy,he began playing football when he was very young, because his father wanted him to be a football player, but it didn't work out, so he hope his son can realize his dream.
In a game,the little boy and another boy crashed together,his leg injured seriously.He was sent to the hospital emergency, the doctor told the little boy's father, he may not be able to play football again.
His father can't accept this fact,so after the little boy recovered and asked him to continue training.But in the near future, the little boy was again injured and was sent to the hospital, the doctor told his father this time , he may never stand up again.
A reservation is a recorded promise or guarantee of a table in a restaurant.
The reservation will reducer the restaurant and customer's time, and increased the restaurant income.
Reservation may generally fall into five categories: spot reservation, communication reservation, instruction reservation, voluntary reservation and entrapment reservation.
Detailed flow reservation:first ,liten to the clear, inquire guests in the banquet reservation registretion record, name, phone number and fax number, date and time, the number of meals, according to the number type and requirements of the guests to arrange appropriate hall, invited guests nationality or unit, the name and identity of the guest of honor.
Second, ask the guest diner category Guangdong Western-style food package or self-help, confirm that there is no taboo or special requirements and room layout.
Last, booking reservation.
None of us not respect those people who are successfully in various areas.In our eyes,they gain much more applause and profits than us.And they are standing on a top place we can't reach .Nonetheless,do you consider of the way to their success?Do you wonder the way to their success?
For a start,we must make a clear goal to guide our plans to achieve our aims.Without aims,even you intend to go somewhere, we can't walk far or stay there as before.Moreover we must admit they have made great efforts.Thoustants of experiments attribute to the light .Once more,alternative is of great importance for success.Alternative offers more possibilities for us to access our success and pave the way to success.Finally,it is necessary to have faith in ourselves and keep calm and not give in any troubles we may face on the way to success,believing we will win,so it can stimulate us to continue.
In conclusion,success isn't difficult to achieve above what we have discussed.Only if we have made enough efforts,taken hold a chance and had faith in ourselves,we will can see the picture we have drawn in our minds.Everyone is a talent people to achieve success.
a new year .a new start.when i stand on the edge of  a new year.i can't help thinking about my plan of next year.
just as the old saying:"well began is the half of the success.
"so i decide that i should be at work while the others are still relaxing .and then .at the beginning .i'm quicker than the others and of course i will get better result than the others.
but .what i really decide to do is that i must make good of anytime i can spare though it seems impossible.
while.i will do my best to live up with what i have planned.and the result will prove it.
The story told us what boy's life with a buge apple tree ,The a little boy was getting a man, but the tree was getting old ,The tree gave all the things what he have to the boy to do anything.At last ,they are have no thing.
The apple tree likes some parents,they love their children very much,they think,if they give a lot of money ,they children can make a good life,but they don't know,their children lost their ability to do anything.
we should tell ous children how anything to do and help their fing what doing happy they are.we don't wrong ,we need to belive them,your bebys can make their life beautful.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland,a developed country in Europe.Now let me tell you something about Sitzerland.
Sitzerland is in the centre of the Europe.It covers an area of 41,000 kilometers and has a population of 7,500,000.Berne is the capital of Switzerland.What's more,Geneva,one of the most famous cities,also belongs to Switerland.In addition,there are lots of courties such as Astra,France,Italian,Germary near Switerland.
It can be said with certainty that Switerland is acountry with beautiful scenes.It is also called "The park of the world".Besides,Switerland is developed in terms of watch industry,chemistry industry and food industry.
In a word,Switerland is my favourite country.It's generally agreeed that Switerland is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.I am looking forward to going there extremely.
Never in our history has the tradition to celebrate a festival so ceremoniously by doing sports and taking pare in activities.
During these days we study together and exchange ideas.What's more,it's of great fun for me to take a tour of beijing'sancient sights ,which are the essence of Chinese historical culture.Absolutely wathing Peking Opera is also an essential way to enrich my experience and learn history.
What I have to say is that i'm increasinly interested in chinese culture of diet while i'm tasting so much delious Chinese dishes here.
In a word, take pride in joining in this "China experience" activity to be in with lots of enthusiastic Chinese friends and I really love here.
In our life,we always meet many troubles.And we meet them,we always with somebody have a talk.If our opinion have some difference,I always judging rationally,the good in people,or an I better.I won't follow somebody's opinion blindly.Actually,I respect other's opinions instead of arguing about them.I respect the opinions of them,but when i have a different opinion,I will tell them in a right time.This is what I thinking of.
To conclude,when I have a different opinion,I will be a reasonable man.And I am sure that I won't hurt other people that have different opinions with me!
It is well-known to us that the phenomenon of dishonesty exists our day-to-day life.For example,in order to get a great score,some students who cheat in exams.What is more companies want to earn a large amount of benefits that they also cheat consumers.Even though their products are harmful to people's life.
There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of honesty.The reason why are as follows.Firstly,if we treat friends honestly,we will get many good friends in the future.Sencondly,the companies should not cheat every consumer.Only in this way,they can become large and large.Last but not least,becoming an honest man,not only it is essential for others,but also it is significance for ourselves.
All in all,be honest and trustworthy person.
Life may be many things to many people.Some may see it as the only while others may view it as a game.As far as I'm concerned,however,I would prefer to value it as life is valuable and worthy.
My opinion of life is bound up with three major factors.Primarily,life is so precious that everyone should treasure it.In fact, from Materialism angle,it's true that life is single and short.All we should do something valued and contributed to our society.Secondly,life is also long enough and unimportant.There is nothing could take in or away in the world.So it's no significance to chase wealth,reputation or status.And most of all,life is mysterious and it just relay on what's your attitude towards it.
I have much freedom in this matter,but I have found any other way of seeing life more reasonable and acceptable that mine.Thus,I stick to the view that life should have full meaning but don't take life seriously.
My home is small, but it's nice and clean.
There is a living room on the left of the study.
The bathroom is between my bedroom and the kitchen.
My community is quiet.
There are eleven floors in our apartment building.
The supermarket is close to my home.
There are many trees behind my house.
So the air is fresh.My neighbor is kind to me.
I love my home and my community.
This is my book.
This is my key.
This is my jacket.
This is his dog.
This is his cat.
This is his pig.
This is her quilt.
This is her table.
This is her bed.
These are my brothers.
These are my sisters.
These are my apples.
That is his sister.
That is his brother.
That is his mother.
That is my dad.
That is my pupil.
That is my ID card.
That is her banana.
That is her tomato.
That is her milk.
Those are his sisters.
Those are his brothers.
Those are his bananas.
These are her tomatoes.
Those are fruit.
These are bread.
This is my mom.
That is my grandfather.
This is her grandmother.
That is my pen.
This is my pencil.
That is my pencil box.
This is my ring.
Recently the problem of environmental pollution has been brought into focus.
Environment is getting worse, because of person's environmental consciousness.
Relevant departments have to take some measures to protect our earth.
These measures are as follows.
First of all, the government arranged recruited many volunteers to help cleaners, volunteers a day of travel is identical process.
They'home with departure, to arrive at the destination before ten am.
Secondly, the government made a lot of posters, decrease the use of private cars, more buses and bicycles.
Thirdly, against all throw garbage, garbage regular connection with tow truck disposed of the rubbish.
Last but not least, we have to raise environmental awareness, against litter of bad habits.
In my opinion, as long as each of us pay attention to take good care of the environment, protect the environment, keep clean and harmonious, we will live more comfortable, our earth will be more beautiful.
On my way to school, an old man with a thick beard and thin grey hair came into my view in such a freezing winter morning.
Although with a beige walking stick, he still walked unsteadily.
All of a sudden, the old man was thrown to the ground by some banana peels and his walking stick was dropped several steps away.
Founding himself lying on the ground, he then realized he had fallen over himself.
The old man tumbled on the ground making every effort to grab his walking stick with which he could stand up by himself.However he was incapable of reaching it.
After several minutes, there had been a large number of people thronging around and just looking at the old man at a distance without offering a hand.
"Help help me please" the old man groaned out with broken sentence and a trembling low voice, but it is audible enough for everybody to hear it.
I was just about to do him a favor, but suddenly, a sound impinged on my ear .
"Do not help him, that may be a swindle".
"Stand back, do not be close to him" a figure cried in a very loud voice.
people on the side boomed it out together when the old man stretched out his bony hand for help .
I could not control my feelings any more, so I approached and assisted the old man to stand up, but actually he had not physical strength to stand up, therefore, I called the local ambulance.
After a while, the old man was hauled away in the ambulance and then these indifferent people felt safer because they were not threatened by the distress call any more.
Eventually, the news came that the old man died of cold.
Thanks to these unconcerned people, the old man finally shook off the torment of cold and was free from earthly cares.
He died of chill; or to be more exact, it is the indifference and unconcern between people that killed the old man.
The fact that we like sports very much, because people know that sports can bring us unexpected benefits.
Simply sports can let our body healthy and the strong.
Through exercise which we can relax physically and mentally.
When I feel bore or uncomfortable, I should go to exercise.
A few days after my body becomes good, and more and more good.
Exercise can makes me happiness very much.Long-term and proper exercise, can make the person youth, energized.
Exercise is good for our body .
Exercise does have unexpected benefits.Exercise can eliminate redundant adipose and heat, can improve the heart and blood circulation system, strong muscle, to speed up metabolism and improve sleep quality help reduce stress and ease of be agitated sentiment.
So we should exercise everyday.
It is good for our healthy.
Healthy living is very important in our life.
So we need to develop good habits.
Yang Wei believes that when benign operation function of the the human body, mental state will also increase.
This news mainly about Yang Wei think healthy living is not hard.His main idea is we need to do more sports and drinking.
It will be good for our body.
So we should focus on our healthy living.
Although the burden of athletes, has been lifted from Yang Wei still kept the habit of exercise.
With all these, he will drink spectrum water every day, every week will play a game, play golf can also walk a 9 km, can also be swimming in summer.
In my opinion, we don't need to drink some medicine keep healthy life.
We only need to do more exercise and keep health diet.Of course ,the most important is that we should have a good lifestyle.
Nowdays mobile phones are very common around us and especially used widly among students as it is convenience for us to contact with our parents.Besides,much fun is brought by it in order to make us excited and ralexed.The advantages of it attract teenagers to use .
In the other word,some teachers and parents have oppsite opinions because they think that using mobile phone is the most important reason which affects students' learning.For example, using mobile phones on class interferes teachers to teach and disperse students' attention so that they can't remember all the knowledges that teachers mentioned.Meanwhile,the cheating softwares preseted on mobile phones like Wechat costs not only money but also time.It has bad influence on students' study.
In my opinion ,with the development of tecnology and transport ,mobile phones are supposed to usd by students for having so many advantages.
However, as students,we should concentrate on study instead of ueing mobile phones.If we use it in the right way,parents will consideration us as well.
My hometown is in Qingdao,a beautiful city by the seaside.
Qingdao is in the southeast of Shandong Province.And it is one of the most interesting cities on the coast.People in this city are so friendly that you can feel comfortable living here.
The Wind of May is the most famous architectures in Qingdao.In summer,Qingdao attractives a lot of tourists that are from different countries.They will enjoy Qingdao Beer when they are visiting Qingdao.
Qingdao also has some gorgeous landscapes such as Eight Great Passes,Christianity church,Zhan Qiao Pier and so on.
According the date.
Chain have many Museums , much of them are famous for them history.
It attack thousands of people all the time ,In order to visit the museums, people must pay a lot of many for visit.
So i think there are many advantages for the public museums to be accessible to the public.
Firstly, For a child.
There is no doubt that it is a good things, because it can help child learn the Chinese ancient culture,and expanded the vision.
At the same time , it is important for child to stengten ethical.
Secondly, For our teenegers.
It is a good chance for us to increas textbook knowledge.
let our life became colorful.
and it will more useful.
There are have two sides to everything.
Free admission to Museums also have disadvantage.
for example , it will damage the establishment in museums.
on the otheir hands, it will increars the government's pressure.
So i think free admission to Museums to public is really good, but we must make good use of it.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is a traditional festival in China.Everybody likes it because it is a family get-together Day.You see,it is called 'Mid-Autumn Day',so it often comes in September or October.It is on the 15th of the 8th of the lunar month.That day the moon is round,big,just like a beautiful plate hanging on the blue cloth.When I see the moon,I'll remember the ancient legend--the goddess Chang Er and her rabbit are playing under the tree.There is a big tree in my family's garden.All the family members are sitting under the tree in the open atmosphere on the day.We are eating the moon cakes and honouring the full moon in the sky.It is an amazing and memorial thing.And that is a family reunion dinner.The moon cakes and the moon symbolized the love of the family.I considered this as one of the most valuable things in the world.The Mid-Autumn Festival plays an essential role in our life.This is the Mid-Autumn Day in my mind.
Now more and more people worry about students who born in the 90s.Because they think those students who are only care of themselves which not connect others.And they dislike work together others.
In addition they not only no insist which easy give up but also don't know what to follow and hope to become famous.So people worry about they will give them much trouble.
But cause for they are this that they have to face trouble in entering a higher school and finding the job.And their environment has many competitions even become more and more violent.
And besides those they also have many advantages.For example they can brave to challenge.Since they have been used to compete with others.
So I think although they have many disadvantages, different times have their own living ways.They will use their way to build more beautiful future.
Recently a large number of TV game show,a miraculous number of competitive level of player's appearance looks well,such as The Voice of China.these kinds of Tv show seems to a people who looks well are easier to success.But I firmly believe that we couldn't judge a person by external appearance.
First of all, a peraon's external appearance is given by their parents, they couldn't choose.
We should treat person's appearance for objective.
Then once the ability are their own all sum,and has no related to their appearance.
We have to permit that good looking will be more likely to succeed in appearance.but that can't mean that appearance not well,and can't succeed.China and the whole world from ancient aren't lack of some greatt man are bad appearance.
Alibaba was listed in New York in Seireptmber 2014.
Their CEO Mr. Ma's appearance is not good looking accepted by society,but he got a great success; finally a person gian the success is not only decided by his appearance,but also his joint decision on various aspects reason,the famous actor Eric tsang appearance is bad-look ,but by his super performance technology and popular and popular.
China has a famous saying:All that glitters is not gold.
We canot judge a people by their appearance.We should do some profoud thinking about the behavior of some judge people by his appearance in society.
One's listening comprehension and speaking ability grow by practice.To achieve good results in training aural comprehension at college,it is necessary to practice listening to English on a regular basis.In the meanwhile it is difficult for many students to study it,so do I.
Although I hate English,I have to learn it for text.Through so many years of study,I also discover some methods.For example:Listen,as far as possible,the more you listen,the easier it is to learn English.To cultivate the habit of listening,but each time not too long,half an hour a day.
So the selection of interesting is not too difficult listening materials,such as China radio international or BBC English programs.Select the clear pronunciation,speed is not too fast tape,gradually increase the difficulty.
You can recite the text.Reciting is good to help you remember a lot of useful phrases and sentences,and help you to improve your English way of thinking.You should practice listening and speaking as much as possible.Every day we can get up early to practice reading English.Many have a look inside the movie learning character speak and say it out,language is learned to be used,so you must practice your listening and speaking skill,this will also help you to master the knowledge of English.
My name is X, coming from P, which wear a pair of glasses and keep the long hair to the shoulder.
I have many hobbies,such as playing badminton, running, singing and reading.
In my life, I can face everything actively and never say give up easily.
Every one has their dream, not without me.
I want to find a good job to report back on my parents have brought me up.
Although I have a gentle and quite likeness.
I like the adventure and want to have a challenge.
As the end of the university entrance exam, I draem of the college life.
First of all,I want to say the college life in my eyes,I think university is easily free and there are many free time.I can ues it very well.
Secondly,I have my own goal in college,in my opinion,I think learning is my top priority,I should pay more attention on it.Of course,working is also important.Through the work,I can develop my abilities.
In addition,I need to make more friends and get along well with them.
Finally,I want to say no matter what I meet in the future,I should keep an optimistic attitude towards life.I firmly believe that if I smile at life,life will be more beautiful.
First children these days depend on their parents too much it is not enough to just det good dreads at shool .Sencond doing chores helps to develop children's independence , teaches them how to took after themselves.
in my a opinion.
the earlier kids learn to be independent the better it is for their future second doing chores on make their parents have a happy day .
then they parents will be more nice to them than weekdays.
As we are all raised in China, the most of us experienced being asked not to cry but to be brave grudgingly.Acting against our own mind,we are expected to be a person of strong character,which even exceed our psychological endurance,even limit our emotional outpouring.
"Don't cry even you were injured or you will be punished to stand against the wall.
""Stand up and wipe away your tears.
"Parents' criticism like these often be heard in streets and alleys.As a result,children who are in low spirits have no choice but to sob with eyes full of tears.
I have read a lot of articles that have smething to do with love story and different article gave me different feeling..anyway love is a special thing that has a strong power ,which can changes the world.
Love story exists every corner of the world,each country ,or each home ,No matter how poor we are ,we will never lack love .Family, love,friendship, are filled with the world ,they expressed through the love story ,and they are spreaded around the world .therefore,our world is full of love story ,at the same time ,It is full of love.
therefore,we are not alone,when we get in danger,Don't be nerves,because people will help you get through the difficulties.
I am studying in N university, the Mongolian girl.
I'm from C. There is a very beautiful place.
I am 21 year-old this year, and my name is L, which the meaning of good fortune as one wish.
I have a happy family.
There are four persons in my family.
They are my grandpa grandma dad and me.
They all nomads, and I'm a university.
I am a very lucky girl because my family loves me very much.
I prefer songs to dances.
I like to listen to gentle and soft music, like'the rain'and so on.
I have an interesting habit that is going shop with my friends whole day.
Almost time I'd like to stay alone and think something.
My favorite snack is South Korea grim, which is best to cooke at the street, because I enjoy this feeling.
I would like to play soccer.
This is me.
I have been in residence since the beginning of the junior high school.Habit and adapt to life without parents accompany.I can live independently.
Graduated from high school.The summer vacation,I find a summer job.It is a promoter,in a supermarket sales a kind of drink.So earn some money.
The end of a month,I go to university as a freshman no parents accompany,I come to this strange city alone.I need to do all things independently.
This summer vacation,I also go for work,do a cashier in a supermarket.Contact the society and learn some experience.As well as contact with a lot of people.
As far as I am concerned,an independent people,to have independent thought, independent personality, has the ability to live alone.
Nowadays every year hundreds of thousands of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
The following reasons can account for this kind of craze.
Above all, nowadays college students face great employment pressure.
Civil servant, as one of the most stable professions in today's China, becomes their preferable choice.
Moreover, in recent years, the welfare and salary of civil servants have been improved greatly, which undoubtedly attracts many people.
Besides, the high social position of civil servants is an important factor drawing many people to take part in the civil servant test.
In my opinion, this craze in civil servant test will continue in the following years.
However, from the long run, it doesn't do good to the development of the nation.
If most high quality talents gather in the government departments, it might lead to a waste of resources.
Today Disposable Plastic Bags is a problem to everyone.In our life Disposable Plastic Bags can be seen everywhere we lived.Though we all know the injury of the plastic.The use of it is never decreased.So protecting the environment from the plastic is a topic for us.
Recently,as the appeal for environmental protection become more and more upsurge.As we know,the injury of Plastic in today's society should be attached importance to.Over using the plastic bags not only increase the pollution of the environment.But also make the living beings under the influence.In the other hands,the Plastics are harmed for our health that make our life become dirty.In addition to this because of the biodegradability,the plastic could not oxidation by air,and a large number of it will make the white pollution.
In fact,lots of people is more pay attention to this problem.
Limiting the use of Disposable Plastic Bags has many ways.Nevertheless in my opinion,we could do that some thing in our life.For instance,we can replace the plastic bags to reusable bags.
And we will also use the meaning of limiting the use of Disposable Plastic Bags.We live in the world that can let us grow up happiness and healthiness.We should not over the beautiful view,make the environment badly to live.In order to our descendants,protecting the earth is the duty of every one of us.
The topic of "Is Group Cooperative Learning Good" is becoming more and more popular recently.
Different people have quite different views on Group Cooperative learning.Some of them are in favor of the idea that Group Cooperative Learning.However,The others think that it is harmful to the study.
Those who hold the first opinion think that Group Cooperative Learning is good for learning.In their view, people can communication with each other.People can help each other too.
In contrast,those who hold the opposite view think that Group Learning can make student's performance decline.
Students are chatting instead of studying.The other reason is that they think Group Cooperative learning can lose a lot of time.
As far as I am concerned,I agree with the first opinion.
Admittedly,the atmosphere is not easily trapped.Furthermore,students can help each other,they are making progress together.Finally,is it good for learning.
In a rapid change social, we are facing more and more serious stress from every filed of our life.
So how to reduce the stress has became a problem.
In my opinion, the best way of reducing the stress is to slow down your speed.
I say slow down your speed do not mean that you should stay at home ,sleeping, playing games -but improve your efficient in a short time, so that you can have much spare time to relax yourself.
Secondly, do not give yourself too much unnecessary stress, work is not the only in our life, beside it we also have other meaningful things such as take a vacation with your family and friends.
Finally, happiness is simple, if you can slow down your speed, you will find your life is so wonderful, and realized you have missed so much things around you.
In a word, slow down your speed is a best way of reducing your stress, you will learn to enjoy your life better.
A wise man ever said,nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
