I feel helpless like a bird with a broken wing.
While my passion for English has never changed, I lost my courage to speak in public.
I couldn't endure yet another painful experience.
He looked me straight in the eye and said something that pierced my heart.
In addition,I will never forget his words.
"Look," he said, "We all have our fears, and you have yours.
You could twist your ankle in a basketball game, but then be afraid to ever play again.
Running away can never dispel your fears, but action will.
A winner is not one who never fails.but one who never quits.
"Couragement is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.Do not, for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort.
Afterwards,I spent a whole day with his words twisting and turning in my mind.
I will never forget my professor's couragement.Your soul is as pure as snow, your personality is as noble as pine trees!
All praise to you, my beloved teacher.The failures and reverses which await men - and one after another sadden the brow of youth - add a dignity to the prospect of human life, which no Arcadian success would do.
Ultimately,I know life is just like farming, and what you can reap depends on a lot on your sowing and dedication.
Once you have a dream, don't be hesitant.
Your next difficult step may be the one to the top.
Keep going forward, even in the toughest time, and never give up.Dare and the world always yields.
If it beats you sometimes, dare it again and again and it will succumb.
Fatigue is one of the most common complains, more people complain of fatigue today than in the old days.
The causes of modern-day fatigue are diverse and only rarely relate to excessive physical exertion.
Fatigue can be classified three main categories.
Physical: physical fatigue is a pleasant tiredness.
The result of overworking your muscles is making metabolic waste products accumulate in your blood and sap your strength, the cure is rest.
Pathological: here fatigue is a warning sign or consequence of some underlying physical disorder.
Anyone who feels drained of energy for weeks on end should have a thorough physical checkup.
Psychological: emotional problems and conflicts, especially depression and anxiety, are the most common causes of prolonged fatigue, fatigue may represent a defense mechanism and a body's safety valve.
Machine cannot help deal with fatigue, instead, we may try to develop a proper diet, do regular conditioning exercise, have a suitable amount of sleep and know ourselves well.
As long as there is the existence of fatigue, people would have to go to eliminate it.
Different people will take different approaches, just as the famous works: "One thousand people have one thousand Hamlet".
For example, When I concentrate on one thing for a long time, I will inevitably have a backache, at that time, I will Leave my seat and relax myself.
I prefer doing some stretches or through the window looking at green trees and the surrounding scenery.
When I am disappointed, angry or agitated for something badly, I have a fatigue in pathology.
I usually take two measures to ease fatigue, sometimes I'd like to have my chin in my hands sating on the lawn quietly, at the same time, with empty mind looking busy.
Sometimes I will lie on the bed, taking headphones, listen to my favorite songs.
Each of them can help me take my job more in stride in a very short time.
First,many students do part-time jobs,because they want to reduce their family's economic pressure.Not all the students in school are all from the well-off family,many of them come from villages and maybe their family has been suffering a lot.It is necessary of those students to take part-time jobs for money to pay for their living expenses.Secend,many students do part-time jobs for improving their work experience.In society,we can learn many things that school can't teach us,such as work experience,ability of communication.Those basic skills which we can use in the job we will do in the future.
Nowadays the number of whether people should keep pets is on the rise.Like everything else,whether people should keep pets have both favourable and unfavourable aspects.Usually,the favourable aspects can be listed as follows.
Firstly,many pets are very cute,how cute they are can get love from people.Secondly,they can bring happiness to the people.When people feel blue,pets can rely on the people,make them feel warm.What's more,pets are too weak to need care from people.
While we mention the advantages of pets,we cannot ignore its disadvantages.To begin with,pets does not pay attention to keep cleaning,it is make people have a headache.In addition,sometimes they cannot control emotional,it always hurt people.
As far as i am corcernd,we should be friends with pets,they need we love.So i think we should keep a pet.
Being afraid of failure, some students have difficult in falling asleep and lose their appetite before exams.
Thus makes them feel dizzy and powerless during the exam, contributing to their bad performance.
As far as I'm concerning, examinations are no more than a method to evaluate our study, so there's nothing deserving our anxiety.
It's a wiser way to plan your revision ahead of exams.
Also, don't forget to keep your normal living habits such as early to bed and early to sleep.
For those who are sleepless, a hot bath or a cup of warm milk can help you enjoy a sound sleep.
There is some love around me.Love is the most beautiful emotion of human beings.
A world without love is just like a hell without sunshine.
There are many kinds of love.
Parents' love makes children grow in warmth.
Friends' love makes our lives more colorful.
Lovers' love makes you understand happiness.
In a word, no body can live without love, just like no fish can live without water.
FORM: businesseducation@press.
Presently, Bigbook ranked 50th among the Fortune 500 companies.
Now, the company has a new series of books.
It's our advantage that we can provide reliable quality, reasonable prices and rapid shipment of products.
If you buy the whole series of books, you will get 20% discount.
The expiration date for the special offer is October 19th.
If you are interested in these books, please contact with us, the Email is businesseducation@press.
And the number is 259-677-1269.
I think children should be allowed to make their own choices.In my opinion,children make some choices by themselves,though they are wrong,they are also happy.Children because of their behavior obtain a great number of experirnces,they understand clearly and deeply.
Parents are not always accompanying with their children,they will be older and older,if somenday they go,what children should do?For instance,long long go,a kid is so lazy,whatever his parents do for him.Someday,his parents have to go out,his parents were afraid of his son being hungry.So his parents put a cake around his neck,it looks so funny.But when his parents come back they found his son had died by accidently.The reason that his son was so lazy just eat in front of neck's cake,even be lazy to move the cake .It's unbelisvible.
This example implies if parents always determine their children's life,their children will be worse last.Parents should let chidren be more freedom.Otherwise they will produce negative mentality if parents limit a lot for them.
But it's good for children.Sometimes parents use their own experience to choose a corrective way for children.Children are avoid of going more wrong ways.After all,parents are older than us,their expeience are more than ours.So,sometimes listen to parents may be better.
Anything has two faces,whatever you are listening to parents or listening to yourself.Chossing to make a determination that you need to judge which way is better.
Whtever when we choose any choices we must try our best to do it.We should improve our selfcontrol,responsibility and some abilities.Similarly,parents also should develop children's skill what do something by themselves,don't always limit them.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
On the one hand,students surf the Internet frequently is considered beneficial.The reasons are as fallow.Above all,they think that the Internet can provide knowledge and broaden their horizons.Second,the Internet made it easy for us to communicate and share ideas with friends.Wherever you are,you can contact others conveniently.Third,surf the Internet is also a way to relax ourselves after long hours'working.
On the other hand,the students don't support the viewpoint of getting online frequently.They told their reasons.First of all,surfing the Internet is a waste of time.Another,if you often get online,you will lose yourselve in the virtual world of the Internet .You will addicted to chat and games.Last,it's bad for your eyes if you play computer for a long time.
In my opinion,use the Internet appropriately is helpful for our study and life.Interacting with others is becoming moreand more easier through the Internet.However,you should arrange your time and make a balance between getting online and studying.Do you agree with me?
These years, the number of people who take the college entrance examination has been decreasing.
Some people attach importance to vocational education for the value of higher education has been doubted by some parents and students.
Because with the expansion of university, undergraduate students are not the beloved ones in ivory tower any more.
It is difficult for the graduates to find a job, and they often earn even less than the so-called blue collar workers.
But in my opinion, one way or another, going to college will eventually pay off.
First of all, college education indeed offers students a platform for self-improvement.
In universities, various majors are provided and accessible to everyone while vocational education is only composed of the teaching of professional knowledge.
Students can choose one major they take great interest in and get proficient at it or take variety of courses to enrich their minds.
College education enables students to become deliberate learners capable of formulating their own perspectives on issues, help them to explore new horizons and transforms them into mature persons.
Moreover, in college, students not only master professional knowledge and skills, but also cultivate their personality.
For example, lectures or exhibition concerning personality cultivation organized by universities help students make a good start in blending into a new environment, and to support to-be-graduates in taking a first steady step into society.
Though some students spend their university time in playing computer games, surfing the net and dating instead on studying, college counselors will play a better role as a listener and instructor to guide students onto the right path.
Finally, a university is filled with people of every description.
By interacting with different people, students can learn how to position themselves among the crowd, how to communicate and cooperate with others.
College bestows a precious life experience upon students, for which there is no substitute.
To sum up, the advantaged of the college education are obvious.
Going to college offers infinite opportunities for self-improvement, provides a channel to develop the ability of interpersonal communication, and bestows precious experiences and memories that worth treasuring.
The differences Between College and High School Study lie in teach designing and the method of teaching and the subjects which we will learn.
Firstly in high school study we just need to learn science or liberal arts but in college study we are required to learn both them .On the one hand ,in high school study the student always learn acknowledge by the teacher's explanations that is absolutely different with the college study in which the students learn by their talk with each other and their own practice.On the other hand in high school education the students , both their teacher and parents only wish they will acquire a good scores,instead of Cultivating their quality.
I had suffered a period of confusion in my college study life.I was doing noting all days,because nobody will tell you what you should do and nobody cared about what you had done .
If you had the same feelings with me, I advice you to attend more scientific research and social practice .They all will exercise and enhance your abilities.What is crucial you should make more friends both your classmate and your teacher.Ultimatly, you should do some part time job in your free time to increase social communication abilities by which.
There is no denying the fact that, the opportunity of getting a descent job for college graduates is getting slimmer with more applicants to university each year.
At the same time, with the increasing life expectancy people working life increased.
Argument has arisen on whether high-level employees should leaving to make room for the new generation at the age of 55.
As far as I am concerned, I totally agree with the idea of high level should retire at the age of 55.The reasons are as follows.
To begin with, as a proverb goes "you cannot teach an old dog new tricks".
In the fast-paced world of business, bolstered by even faster hi-tech innovations, a younger would seem to be able to adapt with greater flexibility, while such an environment might boggle an older more set-in-its-ways mind.Relative to the elderly, young people tend to change himself to adapt to the rapid development of the society.
In the age of Information technology has become one of the major competitive advantages, Young people can get information from internet than the older more easily.
Besides,as we know the future belongs to those well-educated young people.
Young people are full of imagination and energy,have made a great contribution to our society.
In the world scope, young people have playing a significant role in the field of high-tech which makes people's life more convenient and beautiful.
Moreover, experience is a very important position in the work and young people need more opportunities to accumulate experience.
If the older didn't retired, young people have little chance to practice.
In conclusion, old employees shouldn't continue working for themselves.Furthermore, advancement of society needs a new generation.
With the development of the society,the economy become more and more dominant in the modern society.
However,the economy is so important,search to the bottom,education plays vital role,right.
Only education can popular knowledge and technology.Try to think it,if all of the people in China whose education stop at a low level,that is to say,our country has never developed and even we would back to the old days before.It the truth like this,how could our country stand firmly in the world.
As we all know,human resource's important for those enterprise and our national.And we also know,human resource's development depends on education.However,every year's data still shows the downbeat numbers.
In my opinion,all that human requirements to be achieved through education.Happiness is both the starting point and ending goal of education,the value of a good education is for people,for their happiness.
Custom is the carrier of a culture.
And different cultures involve various customs.
Therefore, I strongly urge them to learn table manners.
What I want to mention is about the chopsticks.
Before eating, you are expected to use them in a right way, for that's the basic.
Next, if you are about to start, never don't forget to wait after someone that is older than you.
As you know, in China, the respecting to the elder is a most significant part in culture.
While you're relishing a tasty meal, no matter how you satisfy, I suggest that you'd better not make any rackets having noodles or something and tapping the bowl by chopsticks.
It is believed only a beggar knocks on a bowl, which is impolite.
It is vividly depicted in the picture above, people are crossing the street looking at their cell phones and using walking sticks in order to see.This drawing ironically reflects the phenomenon of overusing cell phones.It seems that this kind of technique has become an indispensable part of contemporary society.
The negative impacts of overusing mobile phone can be summarized as below.To begin with,it may exert detrimental impact on our health through its radiation, and watch mobiles for long stretches definitely impairs one's eyesight.Many diseases have root causes in overusing cell phone.Furthermore,one may stay inside his bubble instead of pursuing other endeavors.Just imagine a group of people sit around a table,all immersing themselves on their iphone,instead of chatting and laughing with each other.It would perform a negative character in interpersonal relationship and lose our intimacy with friends and family since we have less time to communicate.So it is high time that we took effective measures to curb this trend.Only in this way can we eradicate the risk of overusing cell phone.
I harbor the idea that though cell phone is a useful tool, it will do more harm than good to us if we can not use it properly.
Moreover, we, as college students, should put emphasis on it right from ourselves as a start.
Cloning brings us a lot of conveniences.
For instance,it can help medical science to produce cures for serious illness.
Especially,cloning is great news to the disabled people.
What's more,cloning can help infertile couples.
They can have their own baby.
And cloning can protect endangered species.
You can make your own "supper"plant and have the characteristics you want,with strong roots,big flowers,strong stem,more colorful plant etc.
The rapeutic cloning is to produce a healthy copy of a sick person's tissue or organ for transplant in order to save the lives of those who would die without it.
This technique would be many times better than relying on organ transplants from other people.
The tissue or organ would have the sick person's original DNA.
With the great development of modern society,pollution has become a big problem to every person.In order to solve it,many scholars come up with a new idea of modern lifestyle,called Low-carbon Lifestyle.Nowadays,it becomes more and more popular with different people ignoring their jobs or ages.It has been used in many different families whose members want to live a new and low-wasted life.
As the name "Low-carbon" says,it calls on people to use less electricity which came from carbon.We used to use petroleum to help us cook or to start our cars,but these were wasting resources which were very precious to get.Now we can use batteries to start cars or give us lights,so it indicates an low-carbon ways.Also,from the other hand,we should say that reuse or save resources are both ways.For example,when we leave home to go outside for a long time,we can turn off the lights and unplug some electrical items to save electricity.Something like these are all called low-carbon lifestyle.
As a college student in the 21st century,I want to say that every one of us should keep a habit of living low-carbon lifestyle.If we go to the school or a place which is not far away from us,we can ride a bicycle,take buses and even on foot.These ways both save resources and make less pollution to the environment.Apart from these terms,we need call on more people to join us,make them know the importance of low-carbon and take real activities to protect earth from being destroyed.So,considering this,start your low-carbon plan from now on.Earth is our mother, it's time for us to protect her!
This morning, it was snowing outside and the snow was on the tree and on the ground.
The sky was grey and the whole world became white.
It looked so beautiful that I kept taking photos.
Later I put on my thick overcoat and I went outside.
Suddenly, I saw a man who fell down.
At that time, I wanted to clean the snow.
I brought the whisk broom to clean the snow.
When I finished working, an elder woman brought vegetables to stand closed to me.
She told me that I was a good child and other kids should learn from me.
I would do it again.
t has two long ears.They can make rabbits hear carefully.
It also has a short tail.They make rabbits so lovely.Rabbits likes carrots.If you are lonely.You can keep a rabbit.
It can be your friends.
It has a coat of white hair.
The two ears are long and prick up on its head.
It is furry,soft and white with two red eyes glaring above the chin.Its eyes are like a pair of small red hulbs.
Exposed to sunlight, they become little pieces of red thread.
Its ears are straight and long and they can turn and move slightly.How cute it is!
We had a heated discussion on whether the listening component of the gao kao should be canceled.Different people,however,hold different opinions on this problem.
There are some people who think the listening examination shouldn't be canceled.In their opinions,listening is so important as one of the four basic skills that we cannot ignore and it povides us with a way to get more information in our daily life.What's more,with the development of the international cooperation,the skill of listening and speaking should be improved.
However,each coin has two sides.It goes without saying that some people don't agree with them.They suppose that the listening examination should be canceled because it's unfair as the listening effects in different places are also different.In addition,the levels of English teachers and the voice equipments have a large difference between urban and rural.Besides, not everyone has to communicate with foreigners face to face.
In short,whether we should cancel the listening exam have not arrived at any agreement yet.
Everyone comes to this world,then God made arrangements for their own life.Life,means different in different eyes.Like everybody see in the school,I'm just a normal student,I think,rewarding life should be like this,this is my perception of life.
Firstly,our life needs to set a clear target,or we just live like a walking dead.Feeling that everything makes no sense,it makes you indecisive and spiritless.Persons who have a definite aim will always be ambitious,positive,brave and keep moving every day.
Secondly,we need to possess some good quality.Self-confidence is the power for moving up and the recipe of sucess.Optimisim,is the buster of difficulties,saviour of failure.Self-esteem,is the backbone of how to behave.Perseverance, is the precondition of life and the source of hope.
Our life also requires us to be wise,lasting study makes our life wonderful and our mind improved,everyone admires wisdom,but not everyone can achieve that level,because learning always be a tough things,it requires people to hold on.Nevertheless,if we give up studying,life maybe just like a pond of dead water,gradually being tainted.
Last but not least,we need friends and family,because friends can leave us colorful memories.When we share the happiness and sadness together,we can feel the honesty,kind-hearted from them.Our family members are who we loved.It's them who let us understand the value of our existance,because of love,we shoulder the heavy burden of responsibilities,we care about each other,warm each other,enjoy life's most happiness.
That is my opinion,simple but also hard.
In recent years,the blog being more and more popular.There are so many people using the blog to express their voice and share their ideas.
their puzzle,confuse and want to talk whatever they eager to talk.So the popular of the blog is inevitable.
Blog can help people to share their ideas,their thought.It also help people to relax themselves.
,they don't have to worry that no one understand them,they can make friends in apprehension.
But there also have the disadvantage.First of all is the safe issue.In the blog,there have so many strangers that you may let out your personal information.Second,some people may be immersed in the Internet till they drowned.
Tina is my best friend.
She lives in Shanghai.
One day, she called me and said that she will leave Shanghai to shaoxing by train.
Because we have been separated for three years.
So she wants to go to my hometown and visits me.
When I heard these words, I can't express my excited, I'm very happy.
In order to best use her time and leave her a deep impression about my hometown.
I drafted a schedule for her in advance.
When Tina arrived, I will get ready to meet her at the station.
Then I will take her to a restaurant that I think the best one, and order some food that suits her tastes for her.
After eating, I hope she can go my home and has a rest.
In addition I will take Tina to the Lu Xun's former residence and Yu ling.
After I will introduce the shaoxing special to her.
Of course, I ready to buy some to her.
In the end, I will ask my mother to make a great meal for lunch to show our hospitality.
Li Hua is currently experiencing problems in life, he and his friends break Mary, feel very sad.Why ask friends and Mary break the relationship.Increase communication with friends and exchange opportunities, open minded.We should understand each other, share with each other the passions.so,How to improve the relationship with your friend?First of all, chat with the students should talk about his interest in the topic, rather than the subject of your interest.
Naturally, it's a good relationship.
Now I am a college student,but actually sometimes I am still a child,for example when I face to my father,and I think I will always depend on my father.When I was young,I feel my father can do anything,he can repair items,cook delicious foods,and can interpretation what I can't understand,so in my heart,my father is a hero.In everyday of my life,my father offer all things for me,such as my foods,my clothes,and my money...I depend on my father,also because he has a lot of true friends,and he often teach me how to make friends and how to hold true friendships,I think is really important for my life.In short,I think my father sometime like a friend,and sometime like a teacher,no matter when and where I can go beyond my father.So,I feel I will depend on my father forever,but is not on the material,is in the spirit.
I am L,who want to know about the information that the foreign teachers tend to open several English courses.
First,I have learnt English for so many years and I can do well in the exams.
However,when I communicate with foreigners in English .
I have difficult hearing clearly what did they say and couldn't speak English frequently.
So I want to involve in the lesson about English speaking,which makes me confidence to communicate with foreigners.
Last but not least,I hope that I can be allowed to take part in the course,so that I can make more friends with foreigners and make progress in my English speaking .
I'm looking forward to receiving your early reply .
To a Chinese, the task of learning English well is not easy.
So I, like many other English learners, have met with difficulties in learning English during the past seven years.
But I managed to overcome them and made much progress.
The spelling and meaning of words can be said to be the first difficulty I met as a beginner.
But I found our my own way to deal with them.
As to spelling, I never copied a new work again and again to remember it, but tried to find its relevance to the sound.
In fact, as long as I can read the word out, I can write it out.
As to the meaning, I rarely recite its Chinese translation but often put the word into the sentence to learn its meaning.
Moreover, if you use a word quite often, its spelling and meaning will be no problem.
After all, we are learning English in order to use it.
Grammar and idioms may be another difficulty.
But I have also got over it.
I have not read lots of grammar books.
But I spent much time reading the articles written by native speakers or specialists in English.
By doing so, I came to gain "a sense of English language".
I began to gain a feel for which sentences are "good English" and which are not.
Finally, I want to say that overcoming all these difficulties requires perseverance.
In the past seven years I spent at least an hour on English each day.
I believe this is an important reason why I am able to make progress in learning English.
I remember,my first trip is very exciting.My parents with me went to X When I was seven.This was my firsttake plane.I always look out of plane.I think myself just like a bird I get X.The weather is hot.But TianJin is winter.This hotel is very good.I live is very comfultable.
Every day,my parents with me to visit some famous place.It is very interesting.And we stayed here two weeks.
That is my first trip.And I think,I do not remember it.Beacuse X is very beautiful.I want to go to there again.
What is known to all is that the tourism is developing very quickly.People always say that every coins has two sides.So the development of the tourism has advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand,the development of the tourism can promote the development of the local economy.Now,in order to attract more tourists and then to boost the economy growth, more and more city attach importance to the development of the tourism.On the other hand,many cultural relics are being suffered serious damage because of the growth of the tourists.
In order to change this phenomenon,we must take some effective measures .Such as we should limit the number of the tourist and improve the quality of the tourist or we can expand the vigor of the publicize.
Only in this way can we get a better development.
As we konw,different counties have different culture.For example,in the Chinese traditions,children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up.While in the Western traditions,the realation between parents and their children is a different story.
From my point of view,the reason why Chinese children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up is because they are not economic independence with parents.And Chinese traditional concept that filial piety is very important.If you abandon the elderly parents,you will be to blame.Also it's unfilial behaviour.As far as I'm concerned,I am favor of opinion that it is necessary to pay parents back when they are old.The parents raised our hard work, when they return them in the time of old age is as it should be.And they have done for us so much, why can't we.
In a word,it is necessary to pay parents back when they are old.
Recently have an unhealthy habits in college stutent's daily lief.
Such as stray up too late at night.
Spent so much money in daily that their family can offering.
Most important,many students are favorite in internet games or other games...and so on.
Confront this danger college students unhealthy problems.
We should let each of them to know that's how much dangerous to keep on it.
First , this unhealthy habits could make students fail in studying and even won't easily graduate at college school .
can't have a good job at future .At last ,due to their unhealthy habits, they will lost intrests in doing something useful.
How to solve this problem.
In my opinion .First ,our students need built ourselves aims.
we shoud know that only have a good skills can will have a better job.
parents excepting we have a beauty behave.
In other word.We shoud be committed in society and be absorbed in hard -working and learning.We should make up ourselves mind doing meaningful things.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
A majority of people think that it is good for high school students to get online frequently.The reasons are follows.First,we can access information and broaden our horizons via the Internet.Second,the Internet makes iteasier for us to communicate with our friends and share with each other.Third,we can relax ourselves through the Internet.we can watch movies,listen to music,play games and even shop on the Internet.Therefor,most people think it good to get online frequently.
However,some of my classmates don't agree with them.They think it will be bad for us if we get online too much.Why?As we all know,it isbad for our eyes to use the computer for a long time.In the second place,some students can't control themselves well.They are lost in chatting and playing games online.The most important is that spending too much time on the Internet will waste our time and enery.
As far as I consider,we are supposed to distribute time wisely and keep a balance between study and surfing the Internet.If we use the Internet correctly,it will be good for us.
I know the world a little.In the world,some people were pool life.They wasn't more money to used when them was ill.The video I was learn more about AIDS.AIDS is so terrible.
I think AIDS to me is words,every time it doesn't effect me life,I don't care for it,before the class.﻿In the class,I saw some picture,in the picture I feel those people suffering from AIDS look so thin and helpless.I think we should do something to help them.Try our best to do it.
In the past, if one person can go to the college,his or her family would very happy.Beacause when he or she graduate from the college,he or she can get a stable job.But now,the situation is changed.Now,college graduates should find jobs by themselves rather than get jobs obey the organisation.So how to choose a good job become a big problem for the college graduates.
Just as every coin have two sides,different people have different opinions.For example,the female would love to do some works that steady,relax,fun and respectful just like teather,nurser,singer and so on.On the contrast, the male like challenge,creative.They are ambitious man.They may apply for the doctor,the saleman or the manage.
In a word,at present,college graduates choose their jobs by themselves,and they can do what they want to do.
As far as I am concerned that we cannot afford to lose many things,but I really suppose hope is very crucial for us and we cannot lose it forever.
Hope is like a light tower that guides us in the future.
For our life,every one must have difficulty in doing something.When you are in trouble and it is hopeful for you to do it,I do believe you will try your best to get out of trouble and never give up.You have conquer yourself and you will have confidence to do other things.If hope in your mind,you will live a beautiful life.However,you can have a good effect on the persons around you.It is good for our society.For our study, you will study hard as possible as you can through hope and you will get a high degree,then you may have a better job.
On the contrary,if you lose hope,you will lose heart firstly.Secondly you will not only take part in activities,but also won't trust yourself,afterwards you will lose everything belonging to you.Least but not last,you will feel very sad,even you may want to die.
Above all,we cannot lose hope.You will find life is always meaningful.
I'll introduce something about shadow play.Shadow play or shadow puppetry is an ancient form of storytelling and entertainment using opaque, often articulated figures in front of an illuminated backdrop to create the illusion of moving images.Shadow play is a popular folk drama in ancient China, and it is the ancestor of world films.During a shadow play, puppeteers hide themselves behind a white curtain and move stick-mouted puppets, while also narrating the story through folk song.Performances are generally accompanied by musicians playing drums and stringed instruments.At that time, it brought people pleasure as modern movies and TVs do.How this play originate?It originated during the Han Dynasty when one of the concubines of Emperor Wu of Han died from an illness.He was devastated and summoned his court officers to bring his beloved back to life.The officer made a shape of the concubine with donkey leather.The emperor thoroughly enjoyed the performance, after which shadow play become a main feature of the royal court and imperial China.
In modern society, it's very difficult to find the mysterious drama again because of the development of Tvand Movie.Like some other folk arts, it gradually becomes the one that we can only see in the TV.But the government still try their best to protect and develop this old art.The Chinese Ministry of Culture has applied to UNESCO for shadow puppetry to be recognized as an intangible part of world cultural heritage, following UNESCO's decision to remove the limit on the number of applications for cultural heritage protection.
There are a lot of days for the National Day holiday this year.
I do a lot of plans in advance.
I have a lot of interesting things to do.
I want to go to see the sea,listening to the sound of the waves.
Also want to go to the fragrant hills to see how red maple leaves this year.
Or to go to South Korea shopping,or through a variety of stores,enjoy unique pleasant experiences...
But on the eve of the holiday,my mother give me a call,said grandma body is not very good.
Worried after I know,so give up their own plans,return home.
My grandma is very happy,because of I in the home.
I cook with my grandma.
Simple porridge and side dishes,she eats a lot.
I massaged her feet.
She says she loves every minute.
She can sit there for hours watching soccer games and talk to me after that.
We are talking about when she was young.
We often laughed without a stop.
In those days,I felt unprecedented happiness.
Although I can't go to the sea,I can't go to the fragrant hills,I can't go to South Korea.
But I feel it's worth it,I'm proud of this holiday.
I am a student ,I study in huangjiang middle school.I always spend my free time in some interesting ways.I like playing piano, do sport , read books and so on.I like reading books and playing with my classmate.After class we have 10 time,I Like playing with my classmate and read book.After school,I very like playing ball with my classmate when I have a free time.that's my free time.
Our school held a breath breaking and relaxing sports meeting on May 10th.
The sports meet lasted two days.As a part of the team that show our academy image and spirit,we everyone should get up early that day so that we can get ready for the performance at the opening ceremony of the spots meeting.The square of our academy is everyone making five circles.Exactly,our rings are in five colors:red,blue,yellow,black,just like the Olympic rings.All in all,every academy has its own unique feature.Next,the stem-winding part is the competition among athletes.We shouting,yelling,screaming,roaring.Every athlete who represents our academy was worth to be inspired.In the end,our academy took the third title in whole.
What a wonderful sports meeting!As far as I'm concerned,even though I didn't compete in any competition,I still feel happy and unforgettable about this activity.
I want to study English for different reasons.Because of the world development,we should learn English to this.
I love English because I can learn a lot from other cities.
English is very useful,maybe when we work some years later,we will work for some big internation companies.So I should learn English morn hard.Our country need us.
If we intend to get success,we have to make great efforts.As Lincoln said, before we have to prepare a lot.No one can easily get success.
When we do something, we must fully understand it and know what to do.
Only in this way will we have a right direction, and succeed at last to swoop.
For example, we need to cut down trees in a sharp knife, so before to do this we have to spend a long time to grind.
Success cant't be getten on a moment.
Sometimes we be very envious of some successful people.
But they may be preparation for ten years or even longer time for the successful.
Success is a very long process, we need to have enough patience and time to work.
The feeling of success is very good, but the success of the process is very difficult.
Only do we get succeed" tool" by efforts, we can enjoy the joy .
we accept your counter counter-offer dated Oct.3,2014 after due consideration and are glad to confirm having concluded the transaction of the captioned goods with you.
We assure that we make an order for 3000 dozen men's shirts at US$98.00 per piece CIF New York.
We appreciate your cooperation and desire that transaction will pave the way for future dealing between us, and look forward to having your sales contract.
Upon receipt of it, we will open the relative L/C without delay.
The goods really ought to be shipped before November, or we won't be ready for the season.
If this initial order is satisfactorily, we shall be able to place repeat order with you soon.
The heavy road traffic has influnced people's daily lives,and people who ignore traffic rules make accidents normally.Nowadats our total number of vehicles is increasing fast.
It is of a supreme important that we should pay attention to our heavy traffic issue.On the one hand,every citizen has a responsibility to observe traffic rules.But few of citizens have realized the importance of traffic rules.What is more,there is an increasing number of traffic accidents happened because of our careless.Some people only encourage rules of traffic but do not pay attention to it at all.
On the other hand,our society rules and public regulations have clearly proposed that protecting the order og traffic is everyone's duty.Without drivers and pedestrians' aware of observing society rules and regulations,the traffic issue would become an useless issue.Therefore,both people and society rules are important to traffic.
Neighbors is the person whose house close to yours.
Parents always say that you should get along well with neighbors.
Maybe most of neighbors are kind and friendly, however, someone is not.
The nice neighbors are helpful and generous.
Like the person in my hometown.
We lived in one yard.
It's very common in countryside of China.
They are old people when I was young , they often send candy and treated me very well.
Even though my family move to town now.
If we go home, .they will give us kinds of vegetables that they grew themselves.
We keep their kindness in mind sincerely.
These neighbors are amiable, by contrast, some neighbors are indifferent and wicked.
Someone may have a quarrel with you , so they grudge us and also do something interrupt you.
Or, someone just greedy and cast their eyes on neighbors, they often do something immoral .
We can get these news on the TV.
Like many murder case or thefts.
Therefore, we should be careful with these people .
In a word, we should cherish the relationship between our neighbors, but, the bad person we should also be aware of.
We know you will soon arrive and study here as a exchange student.Here I represent entire class to welcome your arrival.
Our city is very gorgeous to live where the weather is frequently sunny.Besides,we have a large number of delicious food such as the dumplings.Moreover,the scenery here is so attractive that it may take your breath away.
Let's come to talk about our class which is composed of 42 members.In addition to studying,we are fond of a variety of after-class activities and we always gather to enjoy ourselves.
When you are here,we will make every effort to leave you a satisfied impression.We have a strong appetite for American knowledge.In result,I invite you to describe it,which can contribute to improving our understanding and friendship.I'm fully confirmed that you will have a good time here.
Everybody knows China is a developing country with the largest population to feed.Compared to the developed countries,we attention to the problem of energy.
At present,there had some phenomenon of waste on campus.I think i must to be appeal to everyone to save energy,put an end to waste,advocate low carbon environmental protection way of life.So we want to save energy,we couid be save water,electric or gas.And we advocate campaign called Clearing Your Plate.Also,we should be go outdours on foot or by bike.We can also turn off the light when lift.Or use less air conditioning.Or use Renewable resources.
To save energy,started from me.The world will became better and better.
We are regret to say that we are unable to shipment of the whole order .If you are in urgent need of the goos ,the best we can do is to transport by S.S : May flowers on HongKong.
we 'd like to make a deal acording to this term of cost and freight ,so we hope this arrangment will meet with your approval .
we are already to send a fax to you so that you arrangement the relative insurance .
The winer holiday is coming,Daming wants to enjoy himself during the holiday .so he writes a plan.
He gets up at half past eight in the morning ,then he washs his face and brushes his teeth.He has breakfast at 8:45.after that ,he does his homework carefully for one and a half hours.At 10:30,he goes to the park and do some exersise here.He goes back for delicious lunch at twelve'o clock.
In the afternoon ,he goes to have English or computer classes from 13:00 to 15:00 .After class,he plans to read many kinds of books .
I think his plan is very reasonable.If we learn from him, we'll have a fantastic winter holiday.
When we faced with the suggestion that companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities to new generation, quite a few of us approve this suggestion, but others, in contrast, do not agree with this suggestion ,they deem that high-level employees should retire at the legal age , and this is also my point.
There are numerous reasons for why high-level employees should retire at the legal age, and I would explore only a few of the most important ones here.
To begin with , the even life and health of people in our country is rising nowadays.
Many people, include high-level employees in various companies, not only have strong ability to work ,but also have magnificent physique.
Furthermore, they have practised experience which the new generation does not have.
It is a pity to lose these experts for the society.
In addition , from the perspective of individuals, if a person can still work well , but the commpony oblige him to retire, this will severely influences his physiological and psychologically health, and then influences his family.
Because the family is the cornerstone of society.
So this would cause some society problems.
Finally, though high-level employees retire early can provide opportunities to new generation, this also means that the new generation should take more tax revenue and costs to support the retiree, whether the new generation accept this is a problem.
Thus, companies should not encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55.
They should encourage high-level employees to play an important role unceasingly in the society to relieve the pressure of new generation.
Competition is a common phenomenon in our social time.
Everybody had taken part in competition.
For example, when we are students, we have so many examinations.
In order to be number one, everyone study hard and try their best to prepare for the exams.
As a salesman, every person wants to sale more goods than others.
In a word, no one does not want to be the champion of the competition.
But we often find competition and cooperation at the same time.
No one can be successful without the help of others.
We need cooperation to beat our common rivals.
Just like a football team, although every member has his own job, he must cooperate with his teammates if he wants to win the game.
So,while advocating competition, we must not forget cooperation.Remember that no one can be alone in the society.
Dealing well with the relationship of competition and cooperation will help us go further and be more successful.
Hello everyone,I am Tom,a student in Y High School.Now I will talk something about my past life.
I was born in the beautiful city--T,on January 17th,2002.Before I was six,I had a fantastic time because of the "love" of my parents and children which played with me .
At the age of seven,I went to P Primary School and became a student.My first English teacher was Mrs. Wang.She was kind but strict.She taught well so I love English best.
Hello,Miss X.My Chinese name is R.You can call me Eva.I am 20 years old.I have long brown hair like other girls.But I do not have a sweet smile.Although I was born in autumn,I am very enthusiastic like summer.Yep,I am a easy-going guy.S is my hometown and it is very beautiful.Do you know?Z is the most happinese city in Y.If you want to have a trip in S,I can be your tourist guide.
There are five people in my family.My father and my mother are managing a clothes shop.My grandmother likes coking.And I have a 16 years old brother who is a middle school student.Next,let me talk about my hobbies.I love reading.I like Han Han,who is one of the famous writers in China.I love shopping with friends,too.Because I think shopping is a good way to relax.However,I do not like doing exercise.Why?Firstly,I am lazy.Secondly,I hate sweating.Thirdly,I am not a sports girl.
At present,I do not have too much ideas.Last week,I joined the Communist Youth League.I just want to try my best to finish all my works.I want to learn more in the Communist Youth League.I think I can be a better man after graduating from college.
At last,I am very glad that Miss X can be my English teacher.
I think that study English is very difficult, but it is one of the most important language in the world.So we should learn English well.I want to study English,because it is very interesting for me.English is very important in our life,it can heip me with making many new friends.English can also help me with learning different cultures.So I want to study English.
Hello,everyone!I'm a student in senior grade two in Huaxing High School.I feel greatly honored to be here,introducing you Tianjin Library.
With over 3200000 books,about 60000 DVDs and CDs,Tianjin Library allows us a great access to large resources where we will easily find things we need.Besides,many magazines as well as newspapers are expected to make us relax.What's more, high technic like the Internet follows the step of the times and makes it more convinent to look for information.
The library is located at 15th Fukang Road and any people with interest is warm welcomed to be here from eight thirty to ninteen o'clock except on Monday and Friday mornings.You can easily get there by bus No.47 or No.48 and enjoy your reading time.
I'm hopeful to meet you there and share the amausing time with you.
What is a death penalty?It is also a capital punishment.It means the executioner use his power which from the law to end a person who can be called a prisoner's life.Nowadays many nations who flaunt ''Benevolence''try to abolish the death penalty.It is really wisdom.
First of all,the death penalty cannot prevent crime from happening in some degree.And it can not maintain the social balance.Criminal law's effect to reduce criminal is limited.And a criminal is not only formed by the maker himself.It has a great relationship with his or her experiences and education.
Our society also has a responsibility.If we want to reduce criminal,we should strengthen education and improve the social environment.Should we only look into the offenders'responsibility?
Nowadays,death penalty has been an international issue.The International human rights organizations announcement every year to condemn China for its overmuch executions.
Next,death penalty can not shock and reduce homicides.Because it often happens between ordinary people.They may not want to kill someone.But a quarrel or some other things create this.The death penalty should be abolished.
At last,everyone has only one life.If an injustice happens,nobody can turn back the clock to give the death a justice.But the injustice often happen.There are many examples that after someone has had an execution while the police find that he is not the murderer.Besides,there are so many people who are forced to admit he is the murderer because they can't bear torture.This is cruel and inhuman.
The death penalty is really a step back.Our not perfect legal system can guarantee there is no injustice.And everyone has a right to survive.The death penalty should be abolished!
The difference between lecture and interactive class is obvious.The latter is more interesting than the lecture class.Only when everyone is willing to listen to the teacher can the expectation of the class be better.
The students have more opportunities to ask what they care about.
With a hot discussion in the class may strengthen our comprehension about the topic.Maybe a hot discussion will be at the cost of more time, but we can accumulate more day after day, which is better than we forget what we learn yesterday.
After we tell the teacher what we know and what we don't know, they can do a corresponding change in their course, which will be more suitable for us.
In this kind of class, teachers can know everyone's character and give a different teaching approach to different students.
In China, the normal teaching style is a lecture.Our teachers are always telling us that we should do in the class---sit still, listen carefully and taking notes.
We are required to keep silence in the class and do what they say.
It's so boring.
However, at the bottom in my heart.
I am looking forward to attending an interactive class, in which we can tell the teacher what we think about the topic they just say.
What's more, maybe we can debate on the things we all care about.
According to the reasons above, we should call for more interactive class in our learning process.
After taking in the text(Diogenes and Alexander), I realize something that I never recognised before.
In this text, we can get a new point about "what is a real man ".
The answer is obviously no.
We do live, but most of us have lost our heart or soul behind, then we just pursue currency or power or something else.
In order to become a man that Diogenes called for, we should have our own life's aim-to imprint our body with its accurate merit.
Of course, this point cannot be accepted by everyone, but if we tend to be a free man, the first step to release ourselves is to erase the old false markings.
Diogenes's Cynicism is crazy in someone's mind, but in my view, only we can put the unimportant things down, we can live a simple life.
Because when we think we can possess them, in reality, we are their slaves eventually.
We are not free at all.
What's more, only if we do things from the heart, we can find the true meaning of life, such as Alexander, Plota and Arisotle, all of them show people what real life was by their own behaviors.
What we can absorb from these great people is that we should have a relaxing attitude of things we have had.
Just follow your heart rather than the social convention.
If you would, just get your guts out, and do what you want.
The society needs people who can be themselves, so here we go.
In recent years, there are more and more people like gold.
We can find gold in some situations.
For example, at one's wedding, we can see parents give the couples gold ring, gold necklace, and other gold jewelry.
Gold seems to be more and more popular.
In my opinion, people's love for gold is reasonable and it could be understanded.
At first, people's love for gold has a long history.
From the ancient, people have liked gold very much.
The emperor always rewarded people with golds.
And unlike other metals, gold could keep for a long time.
Second, gold seems to be a status symble.
If you have much gold, you will give others an impression that you have a lot of money, and you are in a higher level.
For this reason, there are many people chose the gold as their family heirloom and give it from generation to generation.
It also brings the family's good memories.
Thierd, some people buy gold because they regard gold as an investment.
The price of gold is generally increased over times.
If you buy gold this year, may be in the next year, it values a higher price.
All in all, the reasons that people love gold is various and it is not a bad thing.
If you like gold, you can buy it.
The writing class makes me feel amazing.
First of all, the teacher taught very well.She was always trying to tell us as detailed as she can.
Everything she said is very clear to the students.
Second, the class make me realize how crucial the writing skills are.
It is a perfect way to express our experience, feelings and so on.
Finally, the class taught me how to write and the benefits which the paragraph writing offer.
If we know all these points of the effective writing, we are sure to become a good writer.
Hello,i am james.I am 14 years old.I like playing basketball,reading books,watching TV and so on.In my free time,I like donging housework and playing games.I usually go hiking with my parents.We always have a good time.
Sometiames,i play the piano and go fishing with my brothers.
In my school free time.I often play games with my good friends.This is my free time.What about you?Can you tell me,please?
The new semester met the innovative teacher, And this is the first class today,so all of us are thrilling in that we will see our english teacher and all of us are worry about the teacher and at the same time we are anticipated of the new teacher.We think how does a teacher to teach us?Rigorous?
After a while, a graceful,soulful teacher come to our view .To start with,she introduces herself to us with moderate and fascinated .She was wearing a ponytail and she is wearing a fashion garment.Next she told us some crucial thing about the writing.It is intrigue me is owing to our teacher's humorous and interesting teaching style.
On sum.This is my english teacher .
We meet a pleasurable english writing teacher is once in a blue moon .And I confide we have a peaceful Cooperation in new term and we will become good friends with each other.
In our life ,there is always a people standing behind our body .He or She still encourage us to help us go through terrible and also share our happiness with us.At the same time ,teach us how to have a full and exciting life .To me,this people is my mother .
Compared with peers ,when I am a child ,my mother hited me less than other childrens'mother .My mother is gentle very much .So she never let me shit .
Maybe quarreling with my classmates is inevitable,but it's impossible to fighting and curse .I don't lose temper to everyone now .I belive that you respect others and others also respect you anyway .Ilearn many principles to be a people from my mother .
All in all,I love my mother most.Golgi said that All the world of glory and pride from his mother .It's deed,my mother is a partner at the time of my life.
When I was in primary school, I had a very strict math teacher, Mr Liu, who had a round black face.
He was a little fat and strong.
His face was black,not only because of the skin color,but also he had a very strict face, it seemed like a black cloud every time he went into the classroom.He is important because he taught me how to study math and he helped me to improve my scores of math.
In addition,he taught me many valuable things.
He always be strict with us.
When we met some unintelligible knowledge, he will taught us again and again.
And he will ask us to do a lot of excercises to understand it.He had an regulation, which scarced us most,was to beat our hand by a little stick when we did wrong in a test.
In the cold day ,if anyone did wrong in his test, his hand must be beaten by the stick.
It must be very painful, but what painful most was teacher's heart.
To improve our math scores ,he had to be strict with us.
And there is an old saying, a strict teacher produces outstanding students.
In his class, we also can hear him to talk about the future, then he will tell us that we should study hard so as to make difference in the society when we grow up and make a living for ourselves.
So it is important for us to study more when we are young,we will have no regret when we grow up.
He is important for me, not only he taught us how to study math, but also taught students that we had to be strict with our study, then we can contribute to the society and make a living for ourselves.
In one word,he is a good teacher.
I have undergone more than one year's campus life.
Since I came to college .
my life has changed more.
The campus life is different from high school .
First, at the aspect of study.
In high school , we have lots of curriculum , we try our best to study, study and study.
So it is very boring .
But in college .
the curriculum has reduced more .
sometime .
we have no curriculum .
so we can use the free time to do something we want to.
Second.
at the aspect of life.
In high school .
our living conditions are more in live with our needs .
but in college .
the living conditions is very well .
for example.
We are no longer to worry about whether the food is delicious and how expensive the food is.
Now we have enough money to buy anything we want to eat .
Third , at the aspect of the entertainment.
Since we came to college .
We have took part in lots of activities .
These activities bring colours to our life .
Last , at the aspect of monda .
in college .
We can touch many of people who come from different region .
We also can learn a range of different culture .
I only meet my best friend twice every year because I must study in different country.In this summer holiday,I meet her again.
she said.I agree with her at once.First,we meet at the people park and decided to play something at 1:30p.m.Second,we went to ferrule and we are so excited because we got a rabbit.After that,we went to take a ship on the lack to have a rest.
Time passed quickly,it's time to say goodbye.
"I'm looking forward to meeting you next time.
"she said.
It's important for me that friendship with her and i won't forget this outing.
I hope I can meet her next time.
As a head of the tourism bureau on the island of Tria,after learning your letter, I discussed the problem of erosion of beach with my colleagues,and I think charging people for using the beaches is necessary.
However there are some specific evidences needed to assess the argument.
To begin with,I am not sure whether the erosion of beach sand along the shores is led by human beings' activity,because you know,some beaches are eroded even if there are no people's activity.
Put other way,the erosion of beaches is the natural phenomena,what we can do is just to protect them not being damaged further,rather than limit the human's activity, so if we can find some desolate islands not eroded and keep in good condition,we can draw a conclusion that we should charge people for using the beaches,because their activity does damage to the island.
So,I think,we should make a plan on how to charge with people more reasonable.
Maybe,we can refer to others.
And how to deal with the relationship between the native people and the tourists is also a problem.
So we also need some data on these problems.
All in all, I think it is necessary to charge with people,but we need more supports to elevate our argument,when we find enough evidence, the time that we charge for people is approaching.
Today's college students face many pressures,they are mainly from parents'expectation,study,emotion and all kinds of competition.Although pressure can provide motivation in a sense,excessive pressure has a serious negative affect.Pressure can destroy a student's confidence,even it might make some students lose control of their emotions and behaviors.
Learning the damage of excessive pressure,college students should learn how to relieve pressure.First,we should make a right recognition to ourselves,so it can be better make use of advantages and avoid disadvantages.Second,we should set a clear aim to struggling.The aim can give us motivation and active emotion.Third, doing something you are interested in to relax yourselves.
As I as is concerned,my pressure is mainly from future.In order to reduce my negative emotion,I make a clear analyzing to my ability.And I know what I should do.Now I become very confident in my future,and I do believe I can get an ideal job after my graduation.
Listening is a good habit.
It's necessary that we learn to listen to others.
Here are some tips to make you become a good listener.
If you follow the following advice, you may transform yourself into a good listener.
First of all, you should listen carefully when someone is speaking.
You should show your respect to him in order to get respect back from others.
Listening carefully you can also learn a lot from others' opinions.
On my personal note, listening carefully is necessary.
Second, you shalln't interrupt the speaker when they are speaking.
It may be impolite.
Instead, you can continue to listen even if they have many mistakes in their speech.
Perhaps you can comment on it after his speech.
Last but not least, you should smile.
Smiling is the most beautiful.
Smiling can make speaker know that you are carefully listening and show respect to him.
This may give him more encouragement to speak and overcome his fear.
Being a good listener is not difficult.
Following my suggestion, you will succeed.
Learn to respect.
Learn to listen.
My mother and I to supermarket to buy something, are walking home, walked, I appeared in front of an ordinary cleaners, she wasn't wearing a thick jacket, not wearing warm gloves, but only in the d clothes, hands red with cold red face, gave birth to frostbite, but it is very spirit, she is to concentrate on to sweep the streets.
Then, a five or six years old child, peeling with a sweet and major orange, he saw a nearby cleaners, they readily put an orange peel thrown on the ground, in fact, the land has just swept.
Cleaners froze a moment, shook his head, only with the pair of hands frozen stiff and the orange peel sweeps clean out completely.
I also saw the eyes cleaners emit a kind of sad, helpless look.Dear friends, do you think cleaners for the city clean, in order to have a clean living the environment, to give up the family reunion,can withstand wind, regardless of the cold and to serve you, and we are selfish, littering or waste, does not realize that they mood, cold the dustman aside, you think cleaners is sweep things, this is wrong, the cleaner is swept away the bad mood, disease.
Without cleaning, the world will become a waste of the world, let a person feel be.From this trivial thing, I know how to protect the environment, cherish the fruits of labor of others.
Although this is a small thing, but let me forget a long time.
When I 'm a high school student,I am looking forward the college life ,in my opinion ,college life is relaxed and happy.
I think that the college has a lot of free time to do the things .Because the high school has a heavy learning tasks,Parents and teachers give us too much pressure,There is no chance to do some crazy and happy things that let us feel regret.
I am a college student now.After two years of syudy,I found difference between the college and high school is big ,for example teachear's teaching method,the study subjects and the ability to control their own.
Firstly, The teacher will not force us to learn,college is to rely on our own learning.
Secondly, at high school, we're only permitted to study science subject or humanities subject, and we would study extremely hard to get more marks which made us stay up, However, in college, we're allowed to learn what we're interested in.
Besides, when we're free, we always take part in great variety activities which makes us obtain different ability.
We should be active to face the difficulties and different,I will go to talk with friengds or parents,go shopping,eat food,then,bcontinue into the study.
Don't waste your time, we had better take advantages of the time to obtain the ability to confront the challenge,thus, we will become more competitive and we can have a bright future.
In this era, the pursuit of famous brand is a very common thing.
In the university campus, we can see more and more people pursue famous brand.
However, many people are against it.
In my point of view, and I will be a member of the opposition.
I think that college students are the main source of economic parents, if they pursue famous brand will increase the burden of parents.
And it may lead to a comparison of the psychological, not conducive to their physical and mental health.
In addition, college students should study hard on campus, and actively exercise themselves, should do some meaningful things, not all day thinking about how to spend money to pursue famous brand.
Generally speaking, college students should not pursue famous brand.
I have a good friend.
His name is Liu Qinglei.
He's twelve,me too.We have a same school,and we have a same class:Class 5 Grade.We're from China.
He have a friend,she is Betty.She from English.She in Class 2 Grade 1.
We hae a same teacher:Mrs Green,she from American.
The Voice of china,which was first shown on July 13 in 2012,won a large amount of audience who was fond of it.The talent show became Zhejiang Satellite TV's most popular entertainment program in these years.
From The Super Girl was shown in previous years,the music talent show became a hot topic among students,even office workers.Compared with tne other music talent show,The Voice of China has four judges who can not see the singer at the begining.The judges choose their students by turning their chairs back,if more than one judge turns,the contestant can choose their favorite star teacher.After several months of training,every teacher selects one student who performed best in the past to the final contest.
tne reason why the voice of china was so popular that not noly all the judges are famous pop stars but also tne program is very real.It's more important for the contestant to sing well than wear fancy.
It is said that college is the bridge between school and society.
I can't agree more.
I used to devote myself in learning knowledge on textbooks in my high school.
But after two years' study in college, I realize that there is a lot to learn outside the classroom.
I joined a students' club when I was a freshman.
At first, I was afraid that these extracurricular activities would have a bad effect on my study.
But later I found that these experiences are worthy.
I learned to be patient and loving through volunteering to be a community-supported teacher for poor children at weekends; I learned how to cooperation with teammates when we prepared for parties on Christmas and Thanksgiving Day; I learned to persuade companies to support our activities-These knowledge can't be learned in the classroom and I believe I will benefit a lot from them.
The next year, I began to do some works outside school.
During my summer vacation, I worked as a journalist in a newspaper office.
I was confident when I did my first news report.
But it turned out to be a mess.
I was sad, so my leader had a deep talk with me and helps me modify the news report so that it can be published.
I was excited when I saw my name on the newspaper and I came to know that I should be modest and studious.
In addition, I learn to communicate with my leaders and learn from them.
This summer internship laid solid foundation for my future work in the society.
We have been acquiring to learn inside class all the time, but in order to prepare for our future, we college students should be conscious of the importance of extracurricular activities.
Excellent knowledge is more important for a teacher.
A teacher should have many abilities, among them,knowledge plays a unique role.
There are three reasons for supporting it.
First, students go to school for learning knowlege.
They spend large of time in school to have lessons.
They do many homework in the free time.
All of them spend so much time and money for obtaining knowledge because they know the knowlege will help them have better lives in the future.
The second, if teachers don't have excellent knowledge of the subject, they can't give the students good guideness.
The students will waste their time in the lessons when they just have good time with the teachers.
The last reason is that in current sociaty a person with excellent knowledge will make success more easily.
If you only relate well with students, they still wouldn't respect you because they know good relation isn't the foundation for their future jobs.
Based these reasons, I think excellent knowledge is more important than good relation with students for a teacher.
I think good relation is also important withou doubt.
It will help teacher do their work.
But without kowledge the teacher can't do anything in the lessons.
That is the foundation for them to be a teacher.
Nowadays with the development of tourism,people now are not content with going sightseeing.They would rather look around the famous university.
Different people have different ideas on the tendency of tourism.On the one hand,it is held by some people that university should open to tourism.For universities are different from senior or junior schools.An open environment can bring more advanced informations which are helpful for universities develop.But on the other hand, many people hold the opinion that universities should not open to tourism.They believe that too many people from the society visit campus will bring amounts of problem.It is bad for the guarantee of school.Even worse school will change into business which is bad for the development of university.
As for me university can open part of campus for tourism which will bring money.But it should be limited for university is a place for study,you should provide a quiet place for students to study.
I know how to make a good impression.As a student,making a good impression means that you will get well with your classmates and teachers.The three sentences will be good for you.
First to clean yourself.Although we mustn't be misled by appearances,the looks is the first expression what you give others.It is a important step which will influence on the whole expression.
Second to be confident.If someone looks at feet and speaks in a low voice,you will make a self-based expression on others.Confidence is a important thing you need to take care of.When you make a self introduction,please speak loudly and look at the people's eyes.
Last but not least,to be happy.Happiness just like sunshine,it can spread to everybody around you.A happy man expresses a positive attitudes towards the following things.
According to all the sentences above,do you know how to make a good impression?I hope I can provide necessary opinions.
We find that more and more successful people are always those having and achieving their ideals,short-term or long-run,to help realize their vision.
An ideal is of vital importance to ones growth and succes.
On the one hand,an ideal is good for our prosperity.
On the other hand,it is a good choice to enrich our spiritual life.Once you decide what your ideal is,you know where to go ,and can try your best to make it come true.
Meanwhile, your life becomes colourful with hobbies.
On the contrary, without an ideal, you will live a wandering life just like the dead water in a muddy lake.
What is more,you do not know where to go and why you are listless.
From my point of view, an ideal is the stairway to great accomplishment.
First of all,an ideal is like the engine of vehicle in our daily lief.
Secondly, you will become energetic perseverant as well as enthusiastic in life.
"Cun Zhang" is the nickname of my headteacher in high school.
This address was born since the first time he stood in front of us.
It's the first class in the opening morning .
Everyone sat nervously , holding our breath, looking forward to our new headteacher.
A few minutes later ,a middle-aged paunchy man ,maybe around 45 showed up in the front door.
He tottered forward with his head up.
After running down the room for a second, he smiled.
Frankly speaking, I seldom saw such an ugly expression.
When he smiled ,the florid thick meat on his cheek stood up immediately as two small hills, which almost blocked his sickle-eyes.
Thus, It's really difficult to tell where he was looking at that moment.
I can't recalled clearly the content he talked then, I merely remember that he repeated the sentence "I've never lost" for many times.
"Cun Zhang" was obviously the most conceited man in the world.
One day, we met a quite complex and difficult geometric problem on the class.
"Cun Zhang" bit the bullet and calculated it for more than twenty minutes, still no result.
A brillant boy pointed out his wrong measure.
But "Cun Zhang" ignored it directly and declared : " Don't be silly ,it is the only way to solve this question.
Until the boy showed him the right steps at the end of the class did he admit his mistake.
Fortunately, the same question appeared in the final exam and all of us gave the right answer.
Besides his ego, his violent trend also make us annoyed.
In the second year, "Cun Zhang" requested us reach the school 10 minutes earlier than other class.
Once November morning, I was late for around 5 minutes.
I rushed towards the classroom only to be stopped by "Cun Zhang".
He smiled evilly and locked me outside without a word.
Hence, I stayed in the corridor for the whole eary-morning study .
After the class, I was so happy that I could sit down in the classroom.
But the devil appeared again and said calmly " You must feel cold now .
Go and run 5 circles around the playground"......That's the worst day of my life .Since then I neve got late for school.
Nevertheless, No matter how much ego and abnormal he was ,he was always the winner as he told us in the first class.
Three years later ,our class's college enrolments ranked top in our school.
Looking back now, I fully appreciate him.
Because It's him who taugh me to be responsible for myself and never give up.
This is my friend Bob.
Thirteen biethday is today.
Bob's favourite colour is green.
Bob likes to play besketball after school.
Bob's favourite season is spring.
Because he likes flower and flying kites.
My favourite animal is a dog.
It's a white dog.It's got four legs and two big ears.It's very very cute.It's lives in my home.It can run very fast.It eats bones.I like this dog.Do you like it.
Switzerland is the country I dream of traveling to.
Let me give you a introduction.
Firstly,let me tell you the geographical conditions.Switzerland is situated in the centre of Europe with the population of 7500 thousand.It covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres and Berne is the captain city of it.What's more,Geneva is the city of it,which is known to all the world.Austalia,France,Italy and Germany are neibouring countries of Switzerland.
Secondly,to tell you the other conditions.Switzerland is called'Gardon of the world' because of the fantascinating senery.And it is famous for its watch industry most.And the chemical industry and food industry are also famous to the world.
As we all know,English is very important to us today.
However, we heaven't eough opportunities to reach out to it.Luckily , learning English online is very helpful to us.It gives us the stage to learn English.
We can listen to oral English which helps us understand what native English speakers said.
What's more ,we can communicante with others in English which can make up for what we don't know.
The most wonderful benefit is that we can even talk with native English speakers.
In a word, learning English online is rewarding.
With the development of modern science,city life has become more and more convenient.Naturally,cities have a variety of facilities,such as libraries,museums,galleries and so on.Cities have lots of forms of entertainment-big stores,theaters and the like,which attract many persons.At the same time,the pollution in cities has become really serious,which includes air pollution,water pollution and noise pollution.The traffic is so heavy that you will feel anxious.While in the countryside,you can be close to nature.The air is fresh and the sunshine is warm.Then you will feel relaxed and comfortable here.Nevertheless there are limited chances to make good money than cities.
Both cities and countryside have their strong points.Nonetheless in my opinion,I prefer country life to city life.How about you?
My name is T.I heard that you had hah a disscusion about wether senior high school students should carry their telephone with them.I want to show some of my opinion.
Telephones have a lot of advantages.For exanple,we can stay in touch with our parents and friends easily.It can also bring fun to us.
Telephone still have many problems.If we make a phone call during classes,it would make a mess and affect other students.We use telephone to chat with others and this will waste a lot of time and money.Many students like play games with telephone ang some students even use telephone to cheat in the test!This do a great harm to our studies.
In my opinion,we should use telephone in a right way.We should not use telephone in class.We must not use telephone to play or cheat in the exam.The most important thing is that we must look after our telephones carefully because telephone is really expenxive.
The one I love most is my grandmother.
She is in her seventies and she isn't in good state.
My grandma is very kind and she does well in cooking.
Even though she is in old age, she can do almost all housework well.
Our home is near to my grandma's, and I often lived with my grandma.
She always makes much delicious food for me, but she seldom does herself.
In addition, she is always doing something in the fields.
When I feel down, she would talk to me to make me better.She let me know that we should be optimistic in our life and we should try our best to do everything.
All I want is that my grandma is healthy, and she can enjoy herself.
Grandma, I love you.
A survey made by a Beijing information company aroused an argument about whether saving money or spending tomorrow's money is a good habit.
There are two voices in it.
In my opinion, saving money is a good habit.
My first reason is that saving money is beneficial to build up ourselves with frugality.
Using tomorrow's money tends to waste or buy something we do not need because we don't have to pay a prize on it at once.
So we always incline to buy the commodities on credit regardless of the cost.
It is harmful to the form of good habits and shape of personality.
My second reason is that saving money provides us with security so as to deal with the emergencies unoppressively.
Supporting that we spend tomorrow's money on clothes, food, and the like, what would we do once something happen suddenly.
It is unpredictable.
Nobody can guarantee we are always in a favorable circumstance.
Once the going turns into a bad condition, we would be helpless if there was no enough money supporting us.
In conclusion, there is no doubt that saving money is a good habit for us.
And it should be strongly advocated compared to using tomorrow's money.
I said.
Mom said.
"Mom,it is popular to us,all of teens like it.Maybe It has difference between our mind.
You cannot keep of the modern trend.
"I said.
"Right,I give you freedom to find your own identity.
"Mom said,closing the door and leaving in peace and quiet.
In recent years, with the development of information and internet, the internet is changing our modern life.
It has great impact on our interpersonal communication.
Of course it brings us both advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, the internet gives us many benefits on interpersonal communication.
Firstly, it expands our communication extent.
Because of the global character of the internet, our communication breaks the limit of different countries and areas.
QQ and MSN are extremely popular with young people.
In addition, the internet makes our communication much more quickly, which saves much energy for us.
What's more, the internet provides us with equal chance to communicate with others and express our opinions freely.
Regardless of our age, sex, looks, and profession, we can make friends with anyone who has the same hobby with us.
However, as the saying goes, every thing has two sides.
The internet also cause many terrible problems.
The recent years have witnessed an increasing trend of young's reliance on the internet as their major medium of interpersonal communication.
It blocks face-to-face communication, which is definitely an important social skill.
Handling cold words on the screen makes people indifferent to others around them.
Some of them are so immersed to make friends in the internet communication that they fail to make friends in reality.
It is so terrible.
Therefore, we should become fully aware of the two sides of the internet interpersonal communication.
My mobile phone is a gift from my parents when I entered college,and I like it extremely and it is one of the most valuable possessions of mine.
My mobile phone is a oblong-shaped flip phone with a beautiful white exterior,the cover of which decorated with white patterns and sliver rim made of stainless steel.After the cover opened,under its big screen, there is a sliver logo of its brand.Below the screen are the buttons which are designed to be much bigger compared with other cell phones for its amenity.Besides,there are some special buttons on the right of the mobile phone,each represents a function including picture shooting and volume adjusting.On the top right corner ties a green cell phone charm that I bought from the EXPO in memory of the grand meeting.On the back of the cell phone,there is a camera and a little screen shows the time.My mobile phone is cute,delicate and convenient to use.
 Mymum, dad, grandma and my sister Rosie .
Although it sometimes feels croweds in our little flat, we don't mind .
 NO,I aven't go many possession.
It has become a common phenomenon that a number of college students take on part-time jobs while educated in school.
As a matter of fact, it can bring about a host of positive influence to some degree.
On the one hand, of course you can earn extra money from those part-time jobs so that it can ease the burden of your parents.
And the moat invaluable thing is that you gain much experience from the job you take.
Furthermore, you will be better at getting along with your partner and dealing with the problems which may occur in your future job.
On another hand, student who take part-time jobs in college have much advantages over other applicants when having a job interview, as experience is more practical than major knowledge in nowadays society.
All in all, taking part-time jobs can be a really sensible choice to our college students.
It was eighteen years that I lived on the earth.
Life is so colorful that we all have various passions to live for.
Three passions I have lived for will be shown as follows.
First of all, the first passion is the longing for love.
In our childhood, parents gave us all of their love.
As we grow older and older,the little love that parents give us.
So we want someone else to give us the love, which could take the place of parents' love.
The next passion is the search for knowledge.
When we were six years old, the hall of knowledge had we stepped into until now.
China has a saying that is never too old to learn.
I will fight in the study road in the future.
Unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind is the last passion.
Everyone has the compassion when we see the poor animals, much less human.
What the three passions that I have lived for are simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life.
One month has passed before I could take any notice of it.
This is the start of my freshman year in university.
At the very beginning, everything and everyone is strange to me.
But now, everyday and in everyway, I am getting better;I am getting used to it.
I clear remember the first day I came to the school .
Somehow , I couldn't fall asleep at night,I thought too much.For instance, a strange idea hit me that my college life would be full of magic things.
When I said goodbye to my parents, I realized that from then on I must learn to do all things by myself.Feeling lonely, I always call on my friends, for the simple reason that they make me feel reliable.
Freedom is what I am looking forward to since the very first day of my primary school.
But when I really entered university, I find the real situation is different.Freedom costs me a lot.
If I refuse to wash my clothes, for example, they will just lay there, unclean.
In a word, I have to do everything and take care of myself.
Well, it doesn＇t mean that I don＇t like the life style.
In a word, college life is a crucial turning point and period for every one of us.
For the sake of our ideal future, we can never be too dedicated while studying.
Many people are panic by the dramatic increase in aviation accidents.
They are afraid that they will be the next lucky one.
So they decide to stop taking planes to avoid such bad things, which I think is unwise.
We never know what will happen in the future and all transportation have the same rate to have accidents.
It is not advisable to deny the advantages the planes have.
Besides ,the rate of aviation accidents is very low.
While many people are died because of car accidents.
Will they not drive cars or take buses ?what's more, many people get injured while walking.will they not go out?
Obviously, the answers of these questions are both no.
So don't escape from one thing just for the small possibility of getting hurt.
All in all,the decision to stop taking planes for low rate of aviation accidents is unwise.
Most of the students not only feel dizzy but also have a poor sleep quality.
What's more, sometimes they may have a jaded appetite accompanied with lacking in strength.
Faced with the coming exam, drawing up a reasonable plan can help us make full use of time.
In addition, students are ought to work and rest regularly.
This method can balance work and play, in order to relieve stress on both physically and mentally.
Furthermore, taking a bath and drinking some boiled milk are beneficial to your sleep.
To some extent, exchanging feelings with your parents and friends is also good for you to keep a positive mood.
Suffering from heavier study pressure, we should put more emphasis on mental health.
Only if we treat exams correctly, can we make progress in studying.
I am your student ,I recently found more and more high school students online.Now I want to make a detailed description of the students now surfing the interent.
Students now everyone can not do without computer.
Of course, the Internet has its advantages, but also has its disadvantages.
I do not think that access to the Internet more advantages than disadvantages.
But the premise is that you will make good use of it, it is the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.So how to use the computer is the most critical.
The school now most of the students are playing online games, shopping Taobao, or watch videos.
These are bad habits, it is because of these bad habits, that leads to the result straight many students fall,In my opinion, this is not correct, so sometimes it is this lack of self-control.We should make good use of computer, instead of using a computer to play something else.
I'm glad to receive your letter asking for my advice on learn Chinese well.
First of all, you can join the Chinese Club.
You can learn many chinese grammers from the club.
Then you can buy some chinese books and some newspapers.
In this way, you will get lots of information about China.
When you know more about China, you will find it's very easy to learn Chinese.
Also, you can listen and sing chinese songs.
The most useful way is to make more chinese friends.
During the time with them, you can improve your chinese skills.
Chinese is always very friendly, it's very easy to get along with them.
Now, try your best to make friends with them.
And I wish you will have a good time in learning chinese.
Li Hua.
Let me introduces two soft drink, Solo and Fizz.
The Solo and Fizz size's 330ml.
The Solo price is 1.05 Eur.
The Fizz price is 85 cents.
Solo coated cereals is 10g sugar.
Fizz's sugar more 24g than Solo.
Solo, All people who are keen on sport.
Fizz suit for teenagers.
The main market is supermarket.
We can see that the Solo's sales volume was lower than Fizz in 1st quarter.
But in 2nd quarter the Solo was higher than Fizz.
A famous old proverb says that: truth often lies in the hands of few.This proverb shows that the opinion of the majority is likely to be incorrect and is easily to lead people to think in a wrong way.And some opinions that shared by plenty of people can create huge mistakes so that these opinions are absolutely a poor guid to people.This fact has been tested through out the literature, history and politics.
The novel 1984 written by Goerge Orwell is a example of the popular opinion is a poor guid.In 1984,everyone is under the control of the Big Brother's government.The government manages to eliminate the rebellion and make the people obey the all the rules.Winston Smith,however,begins to rebel by writing dairies and having a relationship.These two things are both seen as illegal under Big Brother's government but legal in the real world.In the end,Big Brother discovers what Smith do so that Smith fails to rebel and be taught to obey and love Big Brother like in the past.In this novel, the opinion of majority obviously is a poor guid that deprive the human rights and force the people like Smith be suffered in the system.
Another case is Nicolaus Copernicus,a polish astronomer who funded the heliocentric theory.Copernicus took a great interest in astronomy so he started to observe the universe very early.After a series of observation and calculating,Copernicus posed the heliocentric theory which was extremely objected by the Roman Catholic Church.He devoted himself to write the book De Revolutionibus Obium Coelestium which ,however,was only published when Copernicus nearly die.Nowadays,we all know the sun is the center of the solar system.However,Copernicus theory was covered by the opinion of majority for a long time.Undeniably,the popular opinion became a poor guid to the truth.
As the cases of the novel 1984 and Copernicus above,the opinion of majority may be believed and seemingly correct.The time ,however , will reveal the mistakes and the consequence that the notion has brought.Eventually,people will find and realize that they are misguided by the opinion.
Family means is father and mother I love you, I love my family, I love my father and my mother.My dad is strict with me and I have a great esteem for him in that he can drive many cars especially marvelous - scale car.I think my dad not only brave, but also intelligence now.My dad always help me when I'm confused,he gives me some good suggestions to help me break away from a problem and told me what should I do .
My mother is housewife, although my mom is not have a good health,she still cleaning house and cooking delicious food.My mom is extremely kind,sometimes she is garrulous, but I feel happiness because my mom love me very much.
I congratulate myself that I am born in a happy family.I also thanks for god give me intelligenle father and kindly mother.I love my family forever!
Switterland is located in the middle area of the Europe.It covers an aera of 41 thousand square kilometres and has an population of seven million and five hundred thousand.
Berne is the capital city of Swiss but it is not the largest city of Swiss and even does not have international airports.The old city which full of characteristics store is listed by UNESCO as a world cultural heritage.
Geneva is the most famousof Swiss because of having a lot of places of interest.It also is the birthplace of The International Red Cross.
Swiss is a mountain country full of beautiful scenerier such as Alpus.Because of this,Swiss is called"The world's garden".It is also famous of it's developed watch industry,chemistry industry and food industry.
Seitzerland is such a wounderful country that I can't wait to visit there.
Nowadays, a lot of schools open the groups in studying English.
So different people have quite different views on group cooperative learning.
Some people think the English group cooperation learning is good.
Firstly it can promote friendship get better.
Secondly it can also develop our cooperative awareness and team spirit.
On the most important, group cooperative can exchange each other the good means of studying.
Then, they can develop their grades.
In contrast, some people hold the opposite view that they think group cooperative learning bad.
To begin with they think group cooperative learning can offer a chance to students who talk something not relation to study.
On the other hand, many students who have good grades,they will be located in main part.
So the poor's will depend on them and lose their ability to think.
What's more, group cooperative learning can make lots of noise.
So teachers can't control well.
As far as I'm concerned, I agree with group cooperative learning good.
Because we can learn more different knowledge.
Then we will interest in studying.
In the movement, micro-blog is a new and convenient tool in the area of online media.
Micro-blog has changed people's life since it was born.
It makes people's life more and more convenient to know the information in the world.
However, everything has different sides in the world.
When micro-blog was born, it meant that it will bring good things and bad things to people.
People love using Micro-blog in Xinlang and Tengxun.
They will see the advantages and disadvantages of micro-blog one day.
On one hand, every people can use micro-blog to describe their everyday experience, and to share with their friends by the Internet.
On another hand, micro-blog has negative impact influence on some aspect.
People can be free on speech by micro-blog, therefore, some information is unauthentic and misleading.
It can spread unhealthy, fearful and fraudulent information, so that it affects the healthy development of young people.
In my opinion, micro-blog plays an important role in trend, and it has more advantages than disadvantages.
It raises the speeds of information up.
To improve the healthy development of Internet, we have to use micro-blog in a right and healthy way, and let it make us better.
First, as a college student, we have much more free time than ever in the school, and dormitory is our own home, we have time and duty to clean it, so, we should clean it by ourselves.
Secondly, we are just students, the money we use is taking from our parents, we don't have any incomes, and we should use the money to do many useful things, to help us to study hard rather than hire cleaners, so we shouldn't waste money in doing this.
What's more, we are young, we have enough emerge to do many things, a word is saying that a house and the world why not soul, if a person want to be a great one he should do some little things first, so as a young person we should do every thing by ourselves, we should clean our homes everyday, it just an easy thing for us.
Learn to be independence is not only the society need but our most basic living skills, if we can be independent we can live a better life in the future, so we should clean our home by ourselves.
These are my opinions about this question, because we are young, and lives in a beautiful, clean dormitory ,we can study better than others, so, we should do it by ourselves, use our own hands to make up a beautiful dormitory.
So I don't agree with the college students hire cleaners.
Nowadays,social practice has been brought to great concern among college and universities increasingly.
During summer or winter holiday.
College students encouraged and organized to take part in social practice .Such as part-time job ,volunteering teaching and fieldwork .
There is no doubt that students can benefit a lot from social practice activity.
First, they are provided with more chances and opportunities to contact with our real society.Second, it is a good chance for them to apply their theory knowledge to practice and improve their ability.
Third, students can enjoy the happiness of work and realize their value.
However, there are many things needed to be noticed in the process of taking part in social practice activity.
For example, students should take care of themselves well and interchange.
Labor and repose during the work.
In addition, they should not ignore their studies when they are working.
Water is very crucial to us.
If you don't have water for three days, you will die.
We can use water for flowers, swimming, washing and many different things.
We use it to cook, make electricity, put out fires and so on.
We use millions of liters of water every day.
People can't imagine life without water.
Without it, the earth that we live on would be a dead one.
There would be no trees, no crops, no animals and no people.
So water is considered to be next to oxygen in importance.
Although nearly three quarters of the earth's surface is covered with water, it is sea water and undrinkable.
The demand for water is increasing, while water resources are scarce.
Agricultural production needs enormous amounts of water, so does industry.
Besides,the rapid growth of population makes it more and more difficult for people to survive because of the water shortage.
So water shortage has become one of the most serious problems.
Fortunately, people have realized this pressing problem and are trying to ascertain ways to salve it.
First, people are urged to economize on water.
Second, measures are taken to protect water resources.
Third, circulating water is used for industrial purposes over and over in factories and treated sewage water is used for irrigation in farming land.
Hello everyone,my name is Alice,that is my favorite gift.He is a dog and his name is perter,today he is 2 years old,in my 12years old My parents bought he,I am 14years old.He is very beautiful and smart,he can play the ball and play dance.Everybody to say:look!The dog is very smart.But sometimes he is trouble,he gets the sofa and he eats food every morning.However,I think I can always play with he.He is my good friends!
I was too nervous.
Early in the morning to go to the station.
One car come, I saw a " 7 " on the road.
Grandpa said to be 27.
My heart to the throat eyes.
I hurried to the school to run.
I have Liu Xiang's speed and go to school.
Forty percent of people think animals should be kept in the zoos.
First, people can see different kinds of lovely animals in the zoos.
Second, animals in the zoos can be taken good care of by the breeders.
Besides, the animals who are endangered can be protected well when they live in the zoos and their lives can be longer.
But sixty percent of people think animals should be kept in the wild.
Animals love freedoms and they like to live in the nature.
Animals cannot play freely if they are in the cages all the time.
Animals can't feel happy at all and they maybe die soon.
In my opinion, I think animals should be kept in the wild.They can find their happiness in the beautiful nature.
If we want to protect the animals, we should show a great love for them.
We can't kill them for parts of their bodies to earn money.
Protecting animals is the duty of everyone.
Animals are our best friends and we ought to live with them happily in this wonderful world.
hones.
It can make a good entertainment and fast conditions.
but it also does harm to our study.
For the disadvantage oppinions follows.
Some students who are bad in self-control, they must be addicted in the phone-computer games.
As the result, they can't concentrate on their class and get bad grades.
In other words, they are wasting their time.
I feel those people who suffer from AIDS is pathetic.
When I saw the picture that children suffer from AIDS, I was very sad, and feel helplessness.
Today.We watched a video about AIDS, I have seen many children who they cannot do strenuous exercise and Ache all over.
I am very pity.
I want to help them,but I am Incapable of action now.
so ,I will hard study, and am going to study the knowledge of AIDS.
At the time, I think I can help many people who suffer from AIDS relief pains.
At the same time,I am fear very much.
Because there is no cure for AIDS.
With the time passing by and the development of science and technology,entertainment plays an important role in our daily life.For this reason,not only our economies are growing rapidly,but also widen our horizon.
There are variety of proograms to satisfy different needs and tastes.Such as TV soap serious,TV shows,the china of voice and so on.We are all familiar with them,in particular is TV soap serious.There are probably two reasons for this strange phenomenon.On the one hand,people are affected by combining western and chinese culture,which can convey our emotional.On the other hand,people's consciousness of entertainment has been enhanced.
As we all know,Da Chang Jin is very famous at a certain time,which attracts thousands of people to watch it.But in my eyes,I don't think that is a good thing.Too much time is wasted by TV soap serious,which has a lot of bad effects on people.For example,in order to watch it,people forget to work and study.They are all curious about the TV soap serious and addicated to the acting and the story.It is a scary thing that they view it on the midnight.According to a recent survey,about 70% women likes to view the TV soap serious,such as housewife,young landy and students.It is obvious seen that they are all femal.Maybe they are long for be loved.They care about something what they like.I sciencely believe that is a part of our life.
However ,just like every coins has two sides.We should keep in mind that is not a reality.Although it brings us a lot of fun and joyness.In a word,we should look for fun from our colourful life and real experience.In addition,we should watch more instructive programs and learn useful things.
Consequently,I'm confident that a bright future is awaiting us.Nothing will be able to erase our wonderful memories,which will be impressed on me forever.
As the saying goes:book is the first of teacher for everyone.It is widely acknowledge that reading classical books is both important and benefit for us to develop character and personal growth of the young people.
However,in modern society is full of temptations.At present,many people have spending time in playing games and surfing the Internet instead of reading.
more reading books.
As is known to all, waste on campus has become a more and more serious problem.We can obviously see some students spend thousands of yuan buying fashionable clothes and dump lots of food in the garbage can in the cafeteria.
The negative effects of waste is harmful to students development.It is also not easy for their parents to arrange for their schooling.
As far as I am concerned,we need take actions to solve the problem.We should refrain from wasting anything, from food to stationery.We ought to call on more schoolmates to fight against waste.What's more,we must save money to help parents reduce the burden.Through these measures can we hope to reduce waste on campus.
When you meet an unfamiliar person first time, a positive impression is of great importance.
But in our daily life, an ocean of people failed to make a pleasurable impression.
So let me tell you the skills.
On the one hand, you must focus on your speaking.
For example, saying "hello" as soon as you meet him.
Adding "please" and so on words to the sentences that you want to speak.
In a word, try your best to keep your conversation as soon as possible polite.
On the other hand, you have to pay attention to your attire.
Give you an example, someone invite you to attend a party.
I don't think you would dress yourself convenient.
That is to say, you should change your clothes with the environment where you'll go.
Of course, making a good impression not only needs these two points.
It needs more, such as your behaviors.
As can be seen in the picture,a lot of buildings surrounded by a few trees are coughing constantly under the grey sky,even some of them are wearing masks,which imply that the living environment is polluted a lot by air pollution.Therefore,we should pay attention to our pollution and clean the air.
We should strive our best to clean the air.First of all,the factories are prohibited to discharge poisonous gases.If they don't obey,they must be punished.Secondly,try to drive less to reduce the vehicle exhaust emissions,we could get out by transports,or walking or ride a bike.Thirdly,we should not incineration of garbage,because it will produce the poisonous gases.Last but not least,don't cut the tree recklessly even we ought to plant more trees to purify the air.
Air pollution is more and more serious,so clean the air is necessary.If we are not aware of this problem,we will live worse and worse.
Our school has a lot of places,and students like to hang out, such as playground, computer rooms,art room etc.
The classroom is one of the best places in school,because it makes me joyful.
The classroom is not only bright but also big.
And there are many desks, they make the it spacious and clear.
I can always hear the pup when the students are attending class.
In such an environment,we can learn by heart that I'm fond of learning in it.
I like classroom learning environment like it brings to me.
It makes me realise that study is useful for achievement in the classroom.
I like learning books, because it not only provides helping me learn a lot of what is happening around the history, but also I feel very happy.
Although our classroom isn't gorgeous but I still love it,because classroom brings me and others laugh.
It is too hard to forget this place,because it gave me a lot of memories.
So of all the places in the school,the classroom is my favorite place.
I happen to find a schoolbag in the teaching building 108 room this afternoon.
It included one piano book, one English Writing book,one pencil case and a pink purse.
The purse contains a meal card, a bank card,an ID card and some cash.
Now I want to post this to inform the loser to call me immediately.
Hereby announced.
Tel:23456.
In the past,plastic bags had been used widely among residents all over the world because of its convenience and low price.
Its popularity and high profits made factory produce more.As a result of its tiny costs or even for free,a mount of plastic bags were thrown up that used only once with no hesitation.It led severe waste for resources,and furthermore,the destruction of environment was also grave and irreplaceable.
The phenomenon caused government's attention.In recent years,a policy that restrict the use of plastic bags was announced.It's definitely meaningful for us and environment.On the one hand,it can let individuals reduce the number of plastic bags used.On the other hand,it can make more individuals realize the harm of plastic bags on the environment.In the long run,it's a helpful measure to protect our planet and make it greener and more beautiful.
A humorous saying says:Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world ,I have done it hundreds of times .
It tells us that a strong will is the guarantee of success ,or we may give it up for many many reasons.We hunt for food ,when we find that there are many many food on the other band of the river ,what should we do .When our will is very very strong ,we will choose to go through the river by any possible ways .
Only the man with a strong will can finish the great target ,like Newton ,Madam Curie ,Franklin and so on.They all have a strong will .
It also apply to us students .If we don't study hard ,we won't be the useful talent .So let's study hard for the beautiful country .
Nothing succeeds without a strong will .
Last night I had a dream that I was in the middle of a river and somehow lost control.
It scared me a lot.
Fortunately, I faced it with my courage and swam just like a fish in the ocean.
I did not feel afraid because I knew I can.
Ten years ago, I lived in a small town with a river running through.
The river was not so deep and fishes could be seen playing through the crystal clear water.
That river once was our own Disney World for it provided kids like me so much fun at that time.
It was a pity that I was unable to swim although my partners were good at it.
Every time we went to play at the bank, I could not do anything except watching them having fun.
I would love to join them badly, but the fact is that I can't swim stood in my way.
My worry was noticed by my father before long.
he said.
he asked.
My father was a quiet man, so the offer was unexpected.
For learning well, we got ready early.
My father bought a suit of new equipment for me specially.
And I read a lot of books about breaststroke.
In order to avoid those fellows' laughter, we set off early in a sunny morning.
When we got close to the river, I didn't have courage to face it increasingly just like before.
I took a deep breath and calmed down gradually.
I told myself that I had prepared well, so I did not have to be nervous anymore.
Then I jumped in the river bravely.
To my surprise, an unexplainable fear attacked me immediately when I stood in the water.
It seemed that the only thing I can do is just flowing with it.
The water seemed to want to stumble me down.
I was very scared just like a wood and my face became pale immediately.
The only thing I could do was catching my father's arm tightly.
I did not dare to take a step.
Soon I struggled to the land and did not dare to get close to water anymore.
My father shook his head and said nothing.
After that, I was even more scared than ever before.
The failure always depressed me.
However, I was still eager to learn swim well.
And I always walked up and down the river.
One day, I came to the river alone.
Somehow, I felt I should take another shot.
So I approached the river slowly and jumped into it with great courage.
Just like before, my body lost control, and I dropped fast.
I deeply regretted jumping in the river without any preparation.
However, I had to face it.
Differently, I started to get used to it gradually and simulated the posture what I had studied.
