China, as a developing country, is determined to catch up with and even pass the advanced ones.
As far as I am concerned, one of the best possible ways to achieve it is to give utmost priority to the education.
As for me, my learning ability has been improving so that I know more about the world.
Moreover, I have eager to the kind of person what I want to be.
There is no doubt that education broadens my horizons and strengthen my character.
In addition, most things taught at school are the basic skills or means to further understanding of the social.
Only by learning these, can we have more opportunities to study more and then know how to be contact with others appropriately.
There is no denying that opportunities are often given to someone who is educated.
Meanwhile, employers tend to believe that people who have high education are intelligent and capable so that they can adapt the environment quickly and manage their jobs smoothly.
That's why the educated people always get a better job.
From my observation, the more people learn, the more modest and polite they act.
It is obvious that the learners are not content to what they know so they show more curiosity and patience to learn everything.
All in all, we can get better learning skills, better job offering, bette attitude towards life by receiving good education.
The most important thing is that if we try our utmost to improve ourselves, the gap between China and advanced countries will be bridged rather than widen.
Hello,my name is X.I am not tall nor short,a little fat,and I have long hair.My hometown is in Q city,Y Province.My family consists of four persons.Including my father,my mother and brother.My father was a constriction worker.My mother is a housewife.My brother is in the school.Since after the college entrance examination,I like combing the mountain and cycling.I hope I can get along well with my classmates,also hope that in the next three years can be taught the knowledge,and use the knowledge in the future.
For recent years, most cities in China are not allowed to light fireworks  during New Year.
Some people think this is good for them to get away from noise.
Some people, however, don't think this kind of action is acceptable.
For me, I believe fireworks should be banned.
Reasons are listed below.
Firstly, fireworks can cause sound pollution.
It is known to all that when fireworks are set off; they will make great sound which will disturb other people who want to have a rest.
Especially at New Year's Eve, we can't go to sleep because there is too much noise outside.
Secondly, fireworks will cause air pollution.
When firework is set off, it will produce lots of sulfur dioxide which is harmful to our environment.
Thirdly, fireworks  can cause damage.
Fireworks and crackers are very easy to explosive.
When people light them, some accident will happen.
It is happened quite often that some people get hurt by lighting it.
All in all, fireworks do lots of harm to people so we shouldn't set off fireworks .
On the contrary, we can celebrate our holiday by other ways instead of setting off firework.
Nowadays, many college students all have the laptop.
Without the laptop, the college students will be unsuitable.
Admittedly, the laptop has a positive effect on learning in some ways, but I doubt it.
I still remember the first experience of making the fried rice.
When I was a student of the primary school, it was a summer holiday, I went to my uncle 's home.
My uncle's sister was 6 years old that time , she still did not go to school.
On that day, my uncle did not at home, my sister and I were both hungry, but we could not find anything to eat , we waited for a long time but they still not came back ,it was a little dark at that time , I was so hungry .
Then I said to my younger sister : I will make the rice fried eggs for you , though I have not done that before .
I think that I will do better than my uncle so I try to remember the process .
Then I began to look for the materials ,but there were no eggs , it happened that I saw through the window the hen was in the coop laying , so I let my sister to wait outside, telling her to wait for the egg..
I search the room for the rice, Finally I found it .
I took out two bowls of rice, washed two times, and then put the pot and put oil, heated the pan, then put the rice in, I began to speculation, at that time, may little sister happily run back, her hands still holding the egg , the egg was still hot at that time .
I broke the egg and put them into the pot, so pity ,that there are only one egg, but we still feel happy.
I began to cook , but after a very long time the rice are still very hard, and I began to wonder what was wrong ,why after so long time, rice was still so hard as it was row, I took out two to taste, my little sister also taste , she unexpectedly said it was very delicious, and I followed also feel very delicious, so I put the food out,in two bowls, my sister and I began happily to eat, we eated a lot,but left a bit, because I wanted let my aunt to have a taste ,when my uncle finall came back and they asked if we had eated , what have we eat , I told them the whole process ,after listening they began to laugh loudly, they were very surprised at our stomaches , they could digest so hard rice .My uncle told me that we should used the cooked rice to make the fried rice, I finally realized, what a ridiculous thing I have done!
The new term, the new beginning, of course new plans.
Study comes first so I should make new goal and improve my study method.
In the new semester, I decided not to stay up late watching novels, stay up chat, although say oneself accustomed to go to bed late getting up early, should as far as possible in the classroom has a good spirit, has a good energy listening to the teacher.
In the new semester, I will cherish time, to finish your homework, no longer leave today's work till tomorrow.
I will seize every minute, every second, not to the last minute regret their waste of time.
I will join in various activities and try my best to manage the relationship with other classmates.
No matter what I will meet in the future,happiness or sorrow,keep an optimistic attitude towards life and I believe that my college life will be colorful as planned.
The new term, the new beginning, new plan, of course, produced a new self.
Do not worry.It is natural to forget new words!I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.Read the words when you see them,and try to use them.Listen and check the words you hear and practise saying the words.
You can write down your mistakes in your notebook and don't forget to put down the correct answers next to the mistakes.
Today,the mobile phone more and more.most of all is the student,in the school,mobile phone not only to used communicate,but also to used surf the internet.As time goes on,the phone intelligence,our mobile phone could do something to the benefit our study.
In the library,a lot of people use their mobile phone entertainment,work,communicate,study.In my opinion,use mobile phone in library must turn off your phone's sound,if not it would be trouble other which in reading.I suppose use phone in the library is not,just keep slience is well.
I have many friends,but one of them who leave a good impression on me is Zhao Shunwei.We often play together and have the same intrests such as table tennis,basketball,chess and so on.He is careful and confident.For example when we play table tennis,he will be concentrate on the sport and never give up.Though he is not good for it ,his enthusiasm infect me.When I am boring playing it ,he will tell me that no matter what you do ,you should have enthusiasm and do your best.
Because of him,I either do best ,or don't do.
In my opinion,becoming the best friend needs good quality on the one hand.At the same time ,this quality affect on others.It may be something to spark on everyone.Having the same thinking is one of the most essential element between friends.If they don't have the same topic,their friendship will not last long.
After seeing the picture, we can learn that an old woman sitting in front of the mirror and making gesture for herself without anyone,but loneliness.
It really makes me feel confused and I get some questions that where are her kids, why do the old woman sit in front of the mirror and what is my feeling when I see the picture.
Suddenly, I realize that because her kids are not with her and she can only ease the loneliness when she sits in front of the mirror that she seems to talk to someone else.Although she wants her kids to accompany her,she does not want to make trouble and disturb their life, so she has to face the loneliness.
parents and never leave them alone, sharing their happiness and sorrow.
The important personality to success,as we all know that nobby can casually successd,and success comes from a person's perseverance.
Like Hocking,even though he is disabled,but he has perseverance,he is still pursuit his dream,he dinally completed the mounmental a brief history of time.Perseverance is a great element of success.It is easily comsily combined with other traits such as diligence and confidence to increase the chances os success.However,without perseverance,one's success may be more dependent on luck than anything else.
I think that perserverance plays the greatest role in one's success.It is a kind of tenacity,it is a kind of accumulation,is a kind of power.Perseverance performance is often a person in the most difficult time of the awesome power of displayed.
Hello.
I am C. I come from X Y.
My class number is 1514.
I am a very outgoing boy.
I can play good with my new classmate.
I am easy-going to each other.
My family have three person.
My father works in a company and he was very nice to me when i was young.
But when i grow up my father is strict with me.
My mother usually teach me to be a warm-hearted.
So i often help my friends when they in the soup.
I think i am a lucky boy, because my friends and family are good at me.
In my holidays.
I often play basketball with my friends.
And i like sing,i think my voice is a little wonderful.
I hope i can get a good grade in this writing.
And i will do my best in this subject.
As is known to all,reading increase our knowledge and understanding of the world.It is indispensable of us to grew in life.We need reading ,as a fish cannot miss water,and a tree needs enough fertilizer to be tall.
Books are the nutrient of the whole world.Life without books, as if there is no sunlight; wisdom there is no book, just like a bird without wings.
Knowledge is the ladder of human progress, and the best way of reading is an important means to acquire knowledge and understanding of life.
Reading the book useful not only helps to broaden their horizons, develop a wide range of interests, learn to conduct, but also can increase knowledge, do not out of the house and know everything, not out of the country and around the world understand the history and culture, local customs and practices.
I thank read and practice are equally important.
Reading is the basic of the practice.
Through read, we can experience the fun of reading, the so-call "has its own gold room" in the book.
Light has read is not enough, however, is to be tested through practice.
As we are now college student, their spare time is enough, can be used to read or practice completely, to attend university in some social activities, enrich myself university life, exercise myself interpersonal skill.
And I will use my spare time to do a part-time job, which reduced the burden of the family, and exercise myself various aspects ability.
On the other hand, I can go further than others contact social, to understand the parents hards to earn money outside.
Reading and practice is complementary to each other, the lack of one is not good.
In my opinion, practice can reflect more out of life is in ours lives.
Nowadays we can enjoy the same films, fashions, brands, advertisements and TV channels.The evident difference between countries is disappearing.Globalization is sweeping aside national borders and changing relations between nations.Globalization is a fact of life and attaches much importance to human's life.Somebody reckons that cultural globalization is cultural imperialism.However,I hold the idea that cultural globalization is not equal to cultural imperialism.
Someone thinks we have underestimated its fragility.In fact,cultural globalization inevitably has a negative impact.Large international companies disseminate their own culture through trading,which may cause devastating consequences on traditional culture of trading nation.Through globalization and an open door policy, erroneous concepts and a lowering of ethical standards, a selfish and individualistic lifestyle and harmful cultural products can easily be imported into the country.
In spite of the disadvantages of globalization,the advantages of globalization far outweigh its disadvantages.Globalization creates conditions for widening international exchanges, strengthening mutual understanding between nations, expanding cultural, educational, and scientific cooperation between nations and countries, enjoying the cultural achievements of people around the world which encourages the process of modernization and the enrichment of national culture.Globalization has changed us into a company that searches the world,not just to sell or to source,but to find intellectual capital-the world's best talents and greatest ideas.
Globalization is a fierce and complicated struggle in both cultural and ideological fields.
We take the initiative in international economic integration but also have to take the initiative in fighting to keep our distinct culture resisting pro-foreign and cross-bred phenomena, and overcoming the psychology of preferring money over ethical values.
Today we have a sports meeting,the weather is cloudless and warm,and we are all wild with joy.Since I know I isn't good at sports,so I don't enter for any events,just want to enjoy the games.
At 8 o'clock,the sports meeting began.When I saw my classmates got to the field,I was both excited and nervous.When my classmates won the first prize,I held my breath andcheered for the winners.The most exciting moment was coming in the 100-meter dash.One sudent have broken the school record.
In spite of the fact that I didn't enter for the sports,I am still very happy,because lots of my classmates have tried their best.They are the best in my eyes,I am thankful to them for their responsibility.
English is a very practical subject.
It is a listening, speaking, reading, writing input, drills and practice process.
Therefore, it is necessary to expose students to the use of language activities to perception, analysis, understanding, drills, to achieve real communication from analog communication to truly master English.
Moreover, new ideas, new methods of foreign language teaching today stressed the need to create the environment of the use of language for students, allowing them to use the language to do things in practice to practice skills, master the language knowledge.
Learning English, first and foremost in the curricular learning textbooks, but the class is limited, more limited number of texts, themes and genres narrow, just a textbook develop English proficiency is obviously difficult to work.
Must also strengthen extracurricular learning to expand their horizons, increased accumulation.
Week for the major task of teaching at the same time, we require to arrange at least one elective course, everyone involved in teaching and research of all teachers.
Teaching electives and learning textbooks, the purpose is the same, in order to enrich the language literacy, personality development, and language and culture to learn from the example of the language of English Pragmatic CompetenceOpened the English any elective courses (especially reading elective courses), to expose students to different areas of the material and to explain, can broaden the students' knowledge, promote interdisciplinary learning, and improve the science and culture of the students.
In addition, any elective courses in some categories (such as literature class) allows students to experience the charm of the English language, to stimulate students' interest in learning English.Complement the required courses to improve students' English language literacy.The English compulsory courses just to provide high school students the basic knowledge required to master this knowledge is extremely limited.
Language is the most basic tool for communication.
English is a global language.
The ultimate purpose of learning English is English should be used for actual intercourse.
Depth understanding and use of language skills improve students' knowledge of English, is conducive to the creation of any elective courses.
Talent show as a form of today's TV programs is gradually popular with the audience, while the TV broadcasting stations are equally keen on holding the talent shows.
It does seem to me several points.
First and foremost, with the diversification of the program forms and the audience aesthetic changes, dramas and films are no longer making the audience satisfied, they need a certain new kind of modality program.
And then, these programs give the opportunities to the public, it provides a platform which is able to prove their value to the world.
In conclusion, temperament types of "the talented" and the form of the talent show successfully meet the psychological needs of the public.
In my opinion, talent show is a burgeoning TV style, we should support this show, for it can bring various opportunities and may change one's life and is expected to open up a new perspective for TV programs.
Oh, I think it must be the G building.
Maybe many people can't understand my idea.
It just has many classrooms.
Yes, but it is many classrooms that make it be interesting.
Chinese name of G building is "Gongxueguan".
"G"'s meaning is "Gong", instead of its English name "engineering".
Maybe it has most classroom for students to study and discuss in our school.
It is one of the buildings being used by most students.
It just is a teaching building.
"Someone asked me.
It is for students to study, and most of my time is spent in there.
Studying in class, self-studying, discussing with classmates and so on, more and more boring but interesting time is spending in there.
Just for me, it is interesting.
It accompanies me spending most of my time and making me happy and study harder.
My name is R. I come from X , Y. X is a beautiful city .
Welcome everyone to X .
I am a cheerful boy .It's a great honor to join the family of 1514.
I hope to know more friends here .
I hope to learn together and make progress together .There are difficulties we help each other ,do good to everyone to give encouragement .Common progress with you .
The Spring Festival is one of the most important festivals in China.
It began on the last day of the lunar year, end in the 15th day of the lunar new year, in order to celebrating the end of winter and the warmth of spring.
I have been looking forward to this exciting and fascinating festival of the year 2015 for a long time.
Before the festival comes, everyone in my family was busy in cleaning the house and decorating it by pasting Spring Festival couplets.
Everywhere is filled with happy, harmonious and exciting atmosphere.
People in my family attach excessive importance to Spring Festival Eve.
At that time, all family members have dinner together.
The meal is more luxurious than usual.
Dishes such as chicken, fish and bean curd cannot be excluded, for in China, the pronunciations, respectively "ji", "yu" and "doufu," mean auspiciousness, abundance and richness.
After the dinner,my whole family will sit together, chatting and watching TV.
In recent years, the Spring Festival party broadcast on CCTV is essential entertainment for my family.
According to custom, my whole family will stay up to see the New Year in.
The Spring Festival is the beginning of a new year,and everything looks new,energetic and hopeful.I wish everyone havee a happier life in the new year.
Once upon a time there was a child which was ready to be born.
So one day she asked God, "They tell me you are sending me to earth tomorrow.
God replied, "Among the many angels, I chose one for you.
"Your angel will sing for you and smile for you every day.
So, as you guess, my mom is my angle.
She is a traditional Chinese woman.
She is 52 years old.
She keeps me company since I was born.
She taught me how to speak, how to walk and how to dress myself.
She tells me this is right and that is wrong.
When I have difficulties, I usually ask my mother for help.
She is not only my mother, but also my friend and my teacher.
If I am not happy, she will make me laugh.
Though my mother is not the best woman in the world, she is my mother, my lovely mother, the angle in my mind.
If there is the other life, I want to be her angel and take care of her.
My mother has a pair of keen eyes which can speak.
Whenever I encounter difficulties, her eyes will encourage me and help me cheer up.
When I began learning to walk, mother always lent me a hand and encouraged me to stand up while I fell down.
When I finally threw myself into her arms, her eyes smiled with praise.
After I entered the school, mother's eyes still encouraged me.
Once I failed my exam, my mother helped me find out the reasons instead of blaming me.
Now I have grown up and become more independent, but whenever I come across setbacks, my mother's eyes are always with me encouraging me wherever I go.
Now that I am no longer young, I have friends whose mothers have passed away.
I have heard these sons and daughters say they never fully appreciated their mothers until it was too late to tell them.
I am blessed with the dear mother who is still alive.
I appreciate her more each day.
My mother does not change, but I do.
As I grow older and wiser, I realize what an extraordinary person she is.
How sad that I am unable to speak these words in her presence, but they flow easily from my pen.
Nowadays ,online shopping become more and more popular and faishion .Bcause it's very convience.Most of people can shopping stay an home .It is especially popular among college students and white-collars.With development of Internet ,online shopping is important in our life .But as we all know,online shopping not only have advantages but also have some disadvantages.
The anvantages of online shopping is obvious:It can save time for those busy with theri workor study.Maybe the price of goods are cheaper.Still,it has some disadvantagess.First,we can't judge some goods weather have good quality and it is less reliable and trustworthy compared with face-to-face shopping.seceng we can'tcue price.There is no doubt that online shopping is a very convenient way.But i think it is batter to shop at regular store.
In a regular store ,you can see the real color and feel the material and try on the clothes.
As far I am concerned,in the society,people have carried out a survey on college students.investigation of the name is"thank you"to parents.have many college students has never said"thank you"to your parents.their parents do more and more good things for college students,but have never rewarded with gratitude.
college students have such reasons:for example,some college students think parents should be nice to them,this is the responsibility of the parents,there is no need to thank.still others,not accustomed to saying"thank you"and feeling reluctant to express their affection for their parents.
I think,we should express our feelings directly and bravely and do all that we can to reward them.
Square dancing is a new and fashionable way to relax,and it is also a good choice to exercise.With the development of the society,people pay more attention to entertainment,So,more and more people enjoy it.It does not need professional teachers,you can learn it by yourself.Even many young people became a fan of it.However,some crazy dancer are troubled neighborhood residents of the practicing square.The citizens were suffer from the bad noise, them took some action to the square dancing.For instance:fired a shotgun to scare away the dancer,threw rubbish to the dancer.But,it does not work too much,on the contrary,some students are suffer from these action.The students organized a silent protest against these action,because they need a quiet atmosphere to study.I think we should take some reasonable methods to return the citizen and students a quiet environment,and also let the dancer enjoy their rights.
First of all,we have to admit that the square dancing is a good way for entertainment,you can do it if you have enough time,and it is easy to learn.Everyone has the right to enjoy it.But,when we enjoy our own rights,have you ever thought about this question:Am I bothered others around us?Did I caused some bad influence to the others?Absolutely,the dancer just considered about themselves.Square dancing is really good,but it can not be the reason to disturb others without punishment.We should dancing in the proper time,place with well organize.So the dancers can enjoy themselves without disturb others at the same time.
Another way to solve this problem is the government should take some action.The government should sever for us and provide a good environment for us to live better.The government should communicate with dancers and tell them the bad effect they have been caused.If they don not follow it just warning the crazy dancer later,if they still don not follow them,the government can take some action to punish them.There is one thing we must focus on,which is we should do all of this measure in proper ways.
Last but not least,I think we should understand and respect each other.A harmony society can not develop without understand and respect.Can you image a society with messy and full of argument all day?People live in this kind of society must be very disappointed.The harmony society need every member to support.We live in the same sky,so,in order to live in a better environment,we must respect and understand each other.
Everyone has their own ideas towards one thing,so it is uneasy to avoid argument.But if we don not use the proper method to deal with it,the problem can not be solve forever.Only if we use the correct and proper way to cope with it,the problem can be solved peacefully.
This morning, I saw snow outside.
The snow was very beautiful.
At that moment.
I took some photographs.
I put on my coat because it was very cold.
I walked on the street.
Suddenly, Isaw a man who fell down.
At that moment, I realized I should clean the snow on the street.
I went home, I brought the whisk broom to clean the street.
It's good for clean the snow.
When I finished cleaning the snow, a man and an aunt saw I clean the snow on the street.
They told me that I was a good boy.
They told me that other childrens should learn from me.
When I was at a loss , I come to my university.
I always think what job I can do in the university.
I imaged some pictures for my life of university .
First picture shows that my classmates with I do notebooks carefully in the class.
Though some people think that study is of the last importance in the university.
I don't agree the idea.
There is a saying that learning lesson does not end.
So we should learn more konwledge.
Second picture indicates that my friends with I talk at free.
As I know, we shoud make frends as more as possible.
Making frends is not only enrich our life of university, but also imprve our abilities of communication.
So that we can adjust to working after we graduate from university.
Third picture declares that my schoolmates with I do activities corporately.
It's most important for university students, if you ask me.
Only if we learn to be united as one, can we get more power.
In addition, we also can improve the quality.
These pictures form my life of university.
I am hoping.
I don't support that some sportsmen gets seriously injured in order to get a better score or a medal.
For example, in the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, Chinese an athlete Liu Xiang dropped out of the race due to his foot injury, then he gave up that race and he missed the opportunity getting a gold medal.
In my opinion, it's a right choice to choose to give up the race for Liu Xiang.
For one thing, nothing is more important than health and spots doesn't mean sacrifice one's health for a gold medal; for another thing, after Liu Xiang recovers fully, he still can join race to realize his dream.
My hometown is a small village.I went back to my hometown this summer holiday.At the very beginning of the days,I found that some villagers threw all kinds of garbages anywhere in the street at their own will as usual.In addition,what surprised me was that only three garbage cans could be found in the street with which I was familiar.A lot of flies were enjoying their 'delicious food'.The smell from garbage was so odorous that I couldn't stand it.It was awful,which would have a great influence on our surrounding environment.
And why so many garbages were thrown in the street without disposal?There are considerable reasons leading to this situation.There is no doubt that not only the villagers but the local government lost the awareness of environmental protection.And the government didn't build up a efficient management system about protecting environment,which indirectly caused this problem.The villagers gradually got into the habit of throwing rubbish anywhere and it became a popularity as time went by.
And now,in order not to deepen the pollution to the environment of our village,the government is equipping each street with a certain quantity of garbage cans.I also find that gradually there aren't so many villagers throwing garbage as usual.
In my view,the government should give full play to the supervisory role.The government should take more efficient measures to deal with this problem.For example,on the one hand,the government can hold some lectures about environmental protection to appeal to the villagers not to throw garbage anywhere.On the other hand,making brochures about environmental protection may be a good idea.For individual person,i think they should realize the importance of protecting environment.It is our duty to protect our surrounding environment and really take an action.
In terms of daily life,we place great emphasis upon the importance of mobile phone,which can bring us a wide range of intellectual benefits,such as provoking our thoughts,broadening our horizons,widening our interpersonal relationship.
For instance,reading book only offers us brief information,while the mobile phone can convey others which are relevant to what you want.In contrast,the mobile phone is more convenient than tne book.
We take it for granted that the mobile phone plays a vital part in our life.Nonetheless,everything has two sides,the mobile phone is not an exception.Chances are that it does harm to our physiology and mentality as long as we don't keep a balance on it and use it appropriately.
It can easily prove that there are many persons having poor eyes because the existence of the mobile phone.Nevertheless,i am great convinced that we can characterize it as fashional yet dangerous provided that we deal with the way well.
All in all,no matter how beneficial the mobile phone it is,please remember the shortcoming.
It can be said with certainty that a good eduction is pretty important nowadays.There is no one but can success without a good eduction in this competitive society.
To start with,there is no doubt that a good eduction can enrich one's mind and broad our horizon.As we know ,a good eduction not only provides you what to study,but also how to study.Being equipped with abundant knowledge,we ungraduates can enhance the self quality and be more confident to face the difficulties we will have in the future.
What's more,a good eduction has a great influence on our job hunting.Finding a position in a big company has always been beyond our wildest dreams.To make the dreams come ture,a good eduction plays a key role.The companys now will more concentrate on ones' diploma as well as abilities and having a good eduction is closely related to a authoritative diploma.
My English teacher is also,unbelievably,eight year child'morther who have good figure.
Her forehead was covered with a neat hair.She has straight long hair.The pink face with a small nose supposed a glasses.From this description,yon can shape the character as a college student.
pretending angrily.
She is a teacher more than a friend.
In the 1990,there are no college student to do part-time job.
But in 2000,the pencentage of college students taking part-time job is 24%.
In the 2010 the number of college students doing part-time job at a peak.
From this datas we can summarize that the number of college student who are doing part-time job is increasing.
There are so many advantage to have a part-time job.
Firstly having part-time job can offer them opportuities to apply what they have learned in the school.
secondly having a part-time job can reduce their parents stress.
The most important point is that can build up their self-confidence.
That is the reason why the number is increasing.
As we all know, actions speak louder than words, and I tend to prove it by an affair happened last week.
Last week, Ann,John and I decided to go for a picnic.
When we were discussing what we should take and where we should go.
Tom said loudly that he would do everything for us.
Looking at him with great joy, we all agreed with him without any hesitation.
The next day, when we got to the park, we were surprised to find that Tom had nothing with him .
It's obvious to us that he had broken his promise.
From then on, nobody believed him and therefore, Tom became lonelier and lonelier.
In my opinion, doing is more essential than saying, and everyone must bear in mind that saying without doing is just nothing.
Hi,I am Gina.
This is my room.
This is very tidy.
The clock is on the table.
The hat is on the bed.
Some books are in the bookcase.
My schoolbag is under the sofa.
Is on the desk.
And the key,pen,notebook and tape player are on the desk.
I like my room very much.
As the saying goes,nothing can be accomplished without norms or standards.
The happiness of family harmony also need family traditions can be maintained.
Different families have different traditions.In my family when I was young,my mother often attributes a lot of housework to me,such as washing dishes ,cleaning rooms and so on.
Go out with friends can't come back too late and not allowed to early love.
Although sometimes I feel these family tradition was too harsh for me but you never know what you will get until you really do.On the one hand I have formed a habit of independent;on the other hand I positive and optimistic attitude towards everthing,love oneself and respect others.
These tradition gave me a lot of good moral character,I will spread it, let others also can be a positive young people.
Strategy of expanding domestic demand's response to the Asian financial crisis of 1998.In expanding imports,and continue to contribute to the global economy at the same time,the Chinese goverment insists on implementing the strategy of expanding domestic demand,domestic demand to economic growth contribution rate increased significantly.
Huge domestic demand is the continued power of China's economic development,it determines the development of China should be given priority to with domestic demand.The difficulty and key in the consumer to expand domestic demand,the potential consumption.To expand the consumption will,improve the consumption environment.
I think it's very important to keep safe at school.
Because the students is a country's blood.
So, we should try our best to make sure we are safe.
We mustn't bring restricted knives or things to our school because these things may serious problems.
And, we should be friendly to others so fighting is strongly banned.
Make sure that we should always pay attention to the traffic on our way to school or home.
In addition,if we meet some emergencies, we must call for help from the police or our teachers.
In a word, following these safeties rules above can make us live in peace.
All parents love their children extremely,so,they pay attention to their children every time.Nowadays,many parents do all they can for their children.What's more,they want to accompany their children everyday.Nonetheless,greenhouse flowers can't be long.
To help children be independent is extreme crucial.Therefore,I have four viewpoints .In the first place,children should have a chance to see the world around him.
They must appreciate that there are a lot of competitions .Second,parents should give children enough help to make them feel comfortable.Third, parents should let his child make decisions, which can improve his ability to deal with problems.As we all know, a child should be encouraged when he is triumphant or when he fails.Finally, parents should ask their children do their own things, such as washing their own clothes.
In addition, children should make a decision by themselves when they face a problem.. However,it's impossible to ask a child not to depend on parents at once.And a child needs help from the beginning.
Without any help, the child may lose his faith.
As far as I'm concerned that it must take a long time to make children be independent.
So,to be independent is good for the children,in that ,no parents can accompany the children for the whole life.
It is the child himself who is responsible for his fate.
Only an independent person can live and succeed in this world.So,to help children grow up healthy,parents must let children go by themselves.After all,children must have the independent day.
At present, the knowledge is becoming more and more important.
Therefore, most young people become a college student and they absorb new knowledge on the campus.
However, when they graduate, they are not too easy to find a satisfied job.
Now, the unemployment is turn to a big problem.
I think this maybe due to the following reasons.
Fist, once young people enter the door of college, they can not concentrate on study like before.
Some of them like play games with computer or usually have parties with their friends.
Although they pass all the examination and graduate, they don't understand the knowledge or technique deeply.
Second, the college students want to possess a job which is comfortable and high-waged.
They often consider that they can get more than others since they spend more time on study.
If the job is not what they expected, they will not accept.
Third, there are so many people in our country.
If the government does not take effective measures to decrease the birth rate, the quantity of the people will go on increasing and perhaps more people have not work to do.
As far as I am considered, the above factors are the main factors which lead to the unemployment of college graduates.
With the development of the society, the unemployment problem can be solved at last.
From the ancient time, the gold became a symbol of wealth.
In ancient China, gold was a kind of money which was called "jinyuanbao".
In the emperor's palaces, they were decorated with gold to show that they were royal.
And the girls and women used gold to be as their hair accessories.
Nowadays, we also make it as the ornaments or collect it, which shows the attraction of gold never is reduced.
And even we call the holiday of National Day as Golden Week.
In my viewpoint, Chinese people are deeply interested in gold.
On the one hand, gold is an expensive and attractive matter for the masses.
In the gold market, the price of gold may be up and down.
Therefore, lots of people will buy golden ornaments when it is in decreasing price, which is a normal phenomenon in China.
And because of the tradition in Chinese marriage, many elders will prepare the gold for their children.
When people get married, the bride and bridegroom should wear the gold ornaments.
Thus Chinese people's demand of gold would not reduce in a short time.
On the other hand, owing to the RMB may devalue, many people buy the gold to store it.
They think that storing gold can keep its value.
Therefore, Chinese people would like to buy gold to guarantee their property.
Generally speaking, people love gold very much.
And the tendency of loving gold would not fade rapidly.
Last week our English club asked student about their weekend activities.Our question was about exercise,studying by self at home,watching TV or reading books,use of the Internet or listening to music and helping with housework.Here are the results.
We found that only five percent of our students exercise every day.Ten percent help with housework.Fore percent help with housework every day,and the other six percent do housework three to five times a week.
Although many students often go online,only twenty percent of our students use of the Internet or playing computer games.
The answers to our questions about watching TV or listening to music were also interesting.Only five percent watches TV one to three times a week.Twenty percent watches TV every day.
We all many students never help with housework,but we were surprised that forty percent of them help with housework fore to six times a week.
It is good to relax by watching TV,but I think the best way to relax is through exercise.It is healthy for the mind or the body.So start exercising before it's too late!
Blog is a platform where people can skim through many blogs instantaneously.It is extremely popular with the person.
I like use it and pay close attention to some famous person.
For example,I admire Bai yan song and like read his blogs very much.
I can understand some person's viewpoints and thinking and I also acquire knowledge from them.
Why Blog is so welcomed?The first reason is it uses short language can be achieved on the dissemination of message;The second reason is the latest feelings can be published in time, it makes people in the first time to know what's new now;The third reason is this is an open type platform where people can obtain and release information according to their own will;The last but not the least reason is it lets more people exchange their ideas and seek for some person who are interested in,in which people can get along well with some good friends.
Naturally,Blog also has some bad aspects.Such as it might be involved in personal privacy,making people harm.It will bring about some commercial advertisements and it is suffered that people are likely to watch spam.
Aa far as I am concerned people should have a right understanding of Blog and use it reasonably.
Today is sep.10th which is Teacher's.
In the morning, many students bring flowers from school.
In the daily flag-rising ceremony, teachers and students address-us in turn to talk about the orion of Teacher's Day.Teachers are presented flowers and some little gifts by their students.
In class, students initiative say in chorus "Happy Teacher's Day" after seeing the teacher walk into the classroom.
The teacher taught how to learn, let me benefit a lot,they also teach me how to be a real man, let me know the get along with people.On this Teacher's Day, students all behave well to acknowledge teacher's pay and effort.
nowadays,many universerties are in dilemma when it comes to choose to job locations.
On big city, people would get many changes to develop thier ability, beacuse modren enterpirce and big companies are focus on big city.
To them, life is nerver dull in big city.
However, other graduates are in favor of life in small towns.
the small town are free form serious air poplution, heavy traffic, ceaseless noise and high cost of living.
furthermore, with the help of various internet services, they can enjioy a colourful and exciting life as those big city do.
in my opinion,the bif city not only place for graduates to fully develop their abilities.precious stones will gitter wherever they are placed.
I firmly believed the small towns should be more and more popular among the ambitious youngsters.
My father is one of my important people in my life.
He give me life,He also teach me how to be a real perpon.He work hard in order to make me have an opportunity to accept education.When I failed in examination I felt depressed.He always incouraged me never gave up,and said :failure will make you try harder on the next time.Everyone'life is filled with setback.Once in a while,I cried out of frustration,and I like giving up ,suddeny,I remembered my father,No matter what happened,He never give up,He set a expmale for me.I know "Though time never last but though people do.So,I felt I filled with power and incouragement ,I tried my best to overcome it.I gained too much from my father..IThank you very much my dear father,Wish you peace.
First, as the speech er said, the moment that we are admitted into University is the beginning of a new chapter in our lives and the initiation of our journey into the lager world.
So I think we must grasp the opportunity to achieve our dreams and let our future more significative.
Second according to the article I think we should build a more noble ideas to serve the society,such as facing challenges to maintain the world peace and improving our abilities to help poor countries and regions.
Third, in my opinion, we should acknowledge the contributions of all families and teachers rather than be proud of ourselves.
In a word ,we should make a clear and correct way in our Universities to achieve our dreams.
It is easy to choice a good Job nowadays.Most of the graduates are faced with the fact that there are more job-seekes than the position offered.However,when it comes to occupation choice,some people like high salary job,but other people prefer to a promising job.
In my opinion, if we choose the later is better for us.And choose your love,the working effciency is very high.As we know,Jack Ma was an English teacher before,he didn't have to do this job but choose become self-employed,when people are not optimistic about ,his choice it what he thinks promising job.In the end he was successful.On the one hand,he is willing to do anything about it what he choose.On the other hand,it also have high income.
As a college student,we should choose a job what suitable for us,and make its own position.
All in all,opportunities always belong to those who well -prepared.From now on ,we have to cherish every minute of our college life to add knowledge ,and the treat serious occupation choice.
Nowadays,shopping online is becoming more and more popular.People begin to buy things they need online and it makes them have more time and energy.I think it is every easy to buy things online and there is also many different kinds of things that we cannot find in the real shops.
Usually,they are rally fantastic and nice.We may also save money because the things shopped online are much cheaper.
However,every coins have two sides.
When we are shopping online, we may face much danger.We may not find the things is the one which we want or need and sometimes we are also worried about their qualities.
So, it is better for us to pay enough attention to shopping online and make sure that we truly need it when we buy something.
Nowadays,phones have become unluxueious goods for us.
They have even developed into essential parts of human beings.
This phenomena can be represend by college students.
Just as mr baron said that college students use phones to reach others and to text messages.
However, they last want to do is to be reached by others.
I exactly support his opinions.
As college students, they have more free time for themselves to use .But wherever they go or whatever they do, they always have their phones acompayed.Also, if they want to have a day off, they just need to text a short message rather than going into the office.
They even call for their meals instead of entering canteens.
All these convinence make the college students lazy and passive.
Have you ever noticed that clooege students can not be reached sa others .They seem always busy in their own buiness,they can set their phones out of service when they do not want to be disturbed.They never regard this action as selfish or abnormal.
From my perspective, phones are useful tools for communicating.We should have a correct attitude of it.One can control the phones,should not be controled by them.
Nowadays, with the popolation of cities are increasing, cities are facng more pollution.
What affect cities most is air pollution.
Because of the dvelopmentof economy, more and more families have their own cars.
They drive cars to do things as much as possible.
In addition, many people cut down trees to exchange for money.
In a word, it is human's activities that caus a big air pollutio in cities.
As far as I am concerned, everyone should try their best to make some effect in this problem.
People who live in cities should go out on foot or by bus rather than drive private cars if it is not very far from their home.
On the one hand, when people go to work by bus so that a bus will tak the place of many cars, which will reduce the emissions of polluted gas.
On the other hand, taking bus or walk instead of driving private cars can keep healthy.
Only when more and more people start to do this, will our cities' air become more and more clear.
In a word, we should keep our living condition wonderful.
In the picture,we can see a teacher teach some pupils to learn a multiplication table.But someone doubt if it's useful to us in the future when we find a job.It's really outdated and useless?
In my opinion,it's necessary to learn a multiplication table.May be you will think it too easy to useless.Of course,the thinking is mistaken.Who want to be succeeded, must know well the most fundamental knowledge and skills.As the saying goes,starts from the minor matter.
In a word,it's important to have the basic knowledge.
But they both have advantages and disadvantages.
First,traditional reading's advantage is :It can protect ours eyes and make you read books more carefully, because you must read slowly.
But traditional reading can't make people read at any time.
Because sometimes the book is heavy.
And if you want to buy a book, maybe you will pay more money for it.
Second, Online reading is very popular, and it can make people read book in anywhere or at anytime ,because you just need a phone or an E-book , and you needn't pay much more money for a book ,but online reading is harmful to your eyes.
And maybe you need much more time to remember something.
So in my opinion,I think traditional reading will never be replaced by online reading.
Chocolate is a sweet by detonation, but just like the process of making chocolate is complex; the connotation of this word is not as simple as it seems.
Weird as it may be, it connects to delight, love, suffering and worry.
In most people's childhood memories, chocolate is delicious stuff in a transparent container that their parents put highly in the cupboard; when they grow up, chocolate is a gift, presented with flowers and a greeting card, to show affections for their lovers.
From the traditional point of view, Chocolate stands for contentment and love.
However, things aren't always going like that.
Regardless of all the blessings mentioned above, chocolate also means curses to other people.
In 17th century, with the popularity of chocolates in Europe, European countries started to cultivate cacao in their colonies.
Meanwhile, the expanded production of cacao in the New World deepened slavery and privation.
In order to gain more profits in Cacao production, the planters exploited the forced labor of Native Americans and imported African slaves more heavily.
The life of slaves thus became more miserable.
Undoubtedly, it was chocolate that made the slaves go through hell.
Back into the 21th century, chocolate has also become a major headache for many parents.
As is known to all, chocolate is an energy-rich food which is high in calories and fat.
And taking into food like that will inevitably cause obesity.
As their little ones' unconstrained consumption of large quantities of chocolates, parents can't help but to worry about their children's health conditions.
Because weight problem is usually related to high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, or even heart disease, for these parents, chocolate greatly gets on their nerves.
Much like its taste, the term "chocolate" is also bittersweet.
When expressed, it can evoke not only sweet dreams but also horrible nightmares in the depth of one's heart.
It has long been a contentious issue as to whether physical exercise should be required part of every school day or not.
Some people are of the opinion that students shall take exercise every day,while others point out that students should spend the whole school day on academic studies.Aa Far as I am concerned,the former idea holds more weight.
For one thing, taking exercise can make students keep healthy so that they could be vigorous enough to go on studying.
As we all know, students become easier to get ill for lack of doing sports, which can be a potential barrier for students as well as our nation in the future.
We study just to guide us a brilliant future,so we could not be bothered by the study.If we just spend the whole time in studying, how can we be sure to be healthy?
For another, we students can not only release pressure of the study but also ease tensions in class by doing some exercise.
It can be seen by every person that taking exercise can let us be so energetic that we can be actively preoccupied in class and study more efficiently.
Now after close examination, it is not difficult to draw the conclusion that exercise being required part of every school day is necessary.
Therefore, as students, we should devote our spare time to sports.
"Strike a proper balance between work and rest", as the saying goes.
No one knows for sure,and making predictions is a risky business.but one thing is certain-my life in the future is very good.
For example:my work is very relax,I work 2 hours everyday.sometimes my work keep busy all day long,but my assistant will can planning my work.so my will very happy.I live in a city where is beautiful.On vacation,I will be taking bus in fire of charge to travel and go to the explore,my family have a happy life and have fun everyday.
I hope my thoughts will come true in the future.
My answer is Alexander.
From my perspective, Diogenes was greater on the moral aspect.
He has an ambition of saving all the people from dogmatism; emphasizes the individual independence and appeal on being a true person.
It is worth mentioning that he carries out by actual effort for his idea such as his home is a barrel made of wood.
I respect him from my heart but I can't do as him.
I can't agree with the cynicism totally.
For me, it's importance to obtaining personal value by pursuing realistic goals.
Cynics just are the simplest approach to solve the trouble of human society.
It's an ideal state but not a right way.
Alexander was a successful emperor who loves drinking but could handle it; likes fighting and could think.
All of the people respect him, include me, except Diogenes.
In a summary, I think Alexander can be Diogenes, Diogenes can't instead of Alexander.
Finally, I prefer to be Alexander; he is not only successful by realistic means but also have nobly quality.
Once upon a time, there was a little mermaid who was curious about anything about human.
She lived in the middle of Atlantic, and her name was Elsa.
When it came her 15th birthday, she was old enough to swim for a long time.
So, she decided to swim to the bank.
Elsa crossed the Atlantic and swam to a country named Britain, hiding in a block of rock and watching the passers-by.
One day she saw a very handsome guy and loved him at first sight.
So she went to the witch to help her become a human.
The witch was a kind woman.
She told Elsa if she couldn't find her true love and kissed him, she would become bubbles.
Because of being human, Elsa was very weak and she slumped to the ground in a faint.
A young man named Jack saved her.
He took her home, taking care of her meticulously.
Elsa was accustomed to the life on land day by day.
When she went out one day, she happened to meet the man that she loved at first sight.
But when she wanted to kiss him, she realized that she fell in love with Jack.
She came back home and kissed Jack, and then they lived happily ever after.
What is known to all is that everyone has curiosity,especially the teenagers.Because the teenagers has less experience of society,they are curious about anything that they met in the first time.What we should do about the curiosity.
As college student,we should pay more attention to raise our curiosity.For example,browse the web looking for interesting web sites and fascinating news when you are free,or read the book you are interested in.As we know,the curiosity we have since we born,and curiosity can create anything we want ,just like Edison invented the light bulb.If you are curious about something,do not lose interest and give up exploring.
our life.
Some years before, we both had a dream job which we'd like to be in the future,such as a doctor, teacher, driver and so on.
Before getting a dream job, I should do a amount of things which mak me prefer completely.
First of all, I need to find a great website on the internet.
It is up to yours.The next, clicking on the company's home page, where I can review an annual report,and the company's financial performance.
Later, don't forget it that calculate the in come and out comefor yours.
Of course, I also need to know the way to the company.
last but not least, as we know, seeing is believing.
so, the face to faceinterview is better.Every job is useful, the adoping is the beast.
In recent years, Blog is becoming more and more popular.
Most of the people make full use of Blog to communicate with others and speak out feelings.
There are many reasons for popularity of Blog.
First of all, Blog has many advantages, for example, Blog is very convenient to speak their mind.
In addition, the relationship between people is more and more indifferent.
So, Blog become the combination tool.
What's more, people don't need to pay responsibility and say what they intend to say.
Last but not least, with the development of technique and science, Blog has become all the rage.
Although Blog has so many strong points, the disadvantage of Blog is in evidence.
For example, some Blog are so boring and some people Blog only want to improve his own visibility.
All in all, people should make the correct use of Blog to improve themselves.
Here is my opinion.
Firstly, we should have a dream.
It just likes a light that can lead you going ahead and not be lost in your life.
During the achievement of dream, you will be a steady and calm person.
So the realization of a dream is also a process of growing up.
And no matter what's your dream, you need to hold the line.
Thus, dream helps us steel ourselves.
Secondly, attain glory.
I think that glory is contact with dream.
When you achieved your dream, you get your glory at the same time.
Glory is the source of power.
With the glory you will feel the difficulties that you experienced were all deserved.
Finally, I want to say"Live for glory and dream, live a meaningful and colorful life.
you can help to your mother do some housework,make friend with your mother,you don't argue with your mother,it imporant is communicate.
If you have wrong,you must have right.if your mother mind you watching TV all the time ,you can watch your favorite show in the morning .
If you have wrong can ask for me,my hope things will be better for you soon.
Madam C. J. Waker was a great woman in the science history.
She created a medicine which can solve the problem of losing hair.
At that time, Madam Walker's hair was losing quickly.
So she want to tried to solve this problem.
She tried many madicines but they didn't work.
One day when she came to a farm, a young man showed her a special plant.
When she came home, she tried the plants and her hair grew faster.
She than sold the product as a medicine.
It name is "Germinal element".
It is a very useful thing to solve the problem of losing hair.
It is popular in the women.
With the development of the society,great changes have happened in the past years.As we can know,styles of living are also included.Different people shared their different opinions.
Most people hold the view that they are supposed to live with their parents.Firstly,it could be a good tool for them to communicate more frequently with their parents.Furthermore,what is of great significance is that it will be more convenient for them to get some assistance.Last but not least,if there are anything important happens,it could make them get in touch sooner.On the contrary,someone is against the view.On the one hand,living alone can be regarded as a good way to build our personal abilities which will exert a very essential effect on our futures.On the other hand,that we live alone can relieve our parents of their pressure to a certain extent.
However,as far as I'm concerned,I go for living with our parents rather than being alone.Not only will it provide us a lot of convenience but also it plays a necessary role in strengthening our relationship with parents.The time for parents is not so long,so let's spend more time with them.
Life may be many things to many people, some may see it as that life is made of money while others may see it as enjoy.
As far as I am concerned, however, I would prefer to value it as devote to the society.
My insight into life is bound up with three major factors.
Primarily, life is so wonderful that I am interested in it.
We can live happy if we know how to enjoy ourselves .Secondly, life is also full of competition, we must value every time to do what we should do, and most of all, life is full of difficult, we have to work hard to solve the problem of living.
I have much option in this matter, but I have never found any other way of seeing life more reasonable and acceptable than mine, thus, I will live substantial so that I can leave the world without any regrets.
With the development of Internet,more and more people prefer shopping online,which becomes a fashion today.
Nevertheless every coin has two sides,so we must take both advantages and disadvantages into consideration.
On the one hand,we can enjoy lower prices about the same product.
And then we can get more detailed information and compare with other shops quickly to choose the best one.
Furthermore,it is convenient for the people who do not have enough time to go out.
Not only save time,but also to experience the delight.
On the other hand,as we all know,the real information is sharply different from the ones that the sellers described about the product.
The products even have quality problems.
And then,compared with the traditional shopping,we undertake more risks in exchanging and returning the products,which is relatively troublesome.
In my perspective,shopping online is an inevitable trend of Internet development.
We can shop online properly in light of our own conditions.
When we grow up.We discover there are less and less things that we want to talk with our parents.We want to think things by ourselves,We want to settle things by ourselves,We want to enjoy things by ourselves.This is called the generation gap.
But why did it takes place?As far as I am concerned.The answer lies in both parents and youngster.
Firstly.The reason comes from parents.Going through the world for many years.They think they could talk about their opinions whether it's right or not to children.And ask their children to do everything they think they should do without asking children'view.They do not recognize that may be the children have their own opinions.Listening to their parents day by day.Children would be bored one day.
Secondly.The reason comes from children.Nowadays.Children want to solve problems in their own way.And they do not want to get help from their parents.If they meet some issues which are beyond their ability.They would not talk to their parents.Even though the parents have some good idea to solve it.They would not buy it.Because they think their parents are talking about some things useless.
Finally.The reason comes from times.I think this is the most crucial reason.Parents were born in decades before.They think in different ways.Which is formed by the social factors.Children were born in modern times .What they think.What they talk and what they do is caused by factors of school and society.When the two factors meet together.There would be a struggle.
In reality.There are some ways to solve the problem!
Firstly.Parents should let their children do by themselves at the beginning.And they can hold their right opinion.When they find it's time to assist children.They could offer help in indirect ways.Secondly.Children should listen to their parents 'words no matter right or not.Because this is essential respect to people.At last.There should be more talk between parents and children.They can talk about their own opinions of how to get along with each other in the family.
Only talk can decrease the distance between each other.
Attitude is the most crucial.And a good state of mind lead to good family relationship.
With the development of society, the living standard of our life is better and better.
But the gap between the rich and the poor is sharper than ever before.
We can see the rich become richer and richer, thus the poor become poorer and poorer.
As a whole, our material life is better than before, at the same time, we ignore the development of our spirit life.
We should focus our attention on our demoralization.
The crime rate is rising.
The crimes live along with the human beings' existence.
Every country, every times, cannot get rid of the shadow of the evil crimes.
The death penalty does have some effect on punishing the crime whom is too wicked to forgive.
Thus many countries have abolished the capital punishment, for example, in America there is no capital punishment.
They think that death penalty is a setback.All men are created equal and have the right to live.No one has the right to end it .On the one hand; it symbolizes the step back of the civilization.
The death penalty is blasphemy of life.
On the other hand, the system of the judiciary is not perfect.
It has some holes.
That means the judiciary will make the wrong decisions on punishment before the one being executed.
Nothing can make up for a dead person.
One example in Australia, a criminal was executed, but 18 years later the court found the criminal was innocence.
The movie The Shaw shank Redemption and Law Abiding Citizen reflect the vulnerability of justice.
What's more, in light of the democracy, we should give the criminals the last chance to reform himself.
And the death penalty also costs a lot of money .Once a person is executed, it has to pay the ticket of his last journey.
The death penalty cannot promote the humanitarian spirit.
In conclusion, the penalty is not a good way to punish the criminals.
It is just stop the criminals to do the crimes rather than to let the criminal to turn a new leaf.
I went on my first trip when I was about ten years old with my parents.That was a summer holiday.We went to climb mountain in JiXian.We are get to at noon.The mountain look at very tall and big.When we climb to the top we are all very tired.The mountain is very beautiful We had a first wonderful trip.
The western-style e ceremony is held frequently in the church.
The close relatives and good friends are invited.
They take their wish to participate in.
The Father arrives, open the music,the best man and bridesmaid enter the church, nearby weight stand and face the guest.
The orchestra plays music, the guest enters the dining room, may enjoy themself to dance and drink.The ring child gives the wedding-ring to the Father.
Then along with the arching song, the bride pulls her father and enter the church.
And bride's father puts her daughter's hand to the bridegroom's hand.
Music stop,bride and the bridegroom exchange the rings.The bride throws the bouquet of flowers.
Chief wedding witness make a speech.
After the newlywed cut the cake together.The ceremony finish.
The newlywed leave the stage after music resounds.
The wedding ceremony is end.
The reason has three:First,lack of communicate between parents and children.Second,how many children did not realize the parents of hard!Third,part of the parents' inappropriate family education methods.
About how to inheriting Chinese excellent traditional culture, I think, we should do from the child.
When the child in the kindergarten, we should let them know the importance of inheriting traditional cultural.
The government can do by publishing some books.
setting some courese, let the preschool teacher fully show the Chinese excellent traditional culture, let the child know that our Chinese traditionla culture, is very good, and need to live on.
The child like to live a foreign festivals, such as April Fool's Day.
Chirstimas Day is also a reason for that.
I do not know from when to begin, the businesses like stunt on a freign festival, foil gives a festival mood, many people also enjoy it, this is not a bad thing, but just pay too much attention on the one hand, on the other hand will be despised, that's our Chinese festival.
At this point, we need parents to cooperate, to tell the child, while willing to a foreign festival, we can't ignore the traditional Chinese festival.
We need to foil atmosphere, let the child to realize it's importance.
The lake has brought White a lot of joy when he was a boy.
It impressed him deeply that he still remembers the details about the lake, his father and himself after so many years.
When he goes back to the lake, he finds that the lake is still what it was years ago.
His son is doing exactly what he has done in the past, meanwhile, White also surprisingly finds out that he is repeating his father's actions.
His son's repeating his former actions and the never-changed environment makes him feel that nothing has changed and the time didn't pass away, he is still the boy he used to be.
White realized that he is playing his father's role, taking care of his son.
The two different roles make him feel dizzy as he is not able to tell who he really is at that time.
The author finally find his long lost peaceful life here.
Howerer, I can't figure out the meaning of the last sentence 'As he buckled the swollen belt suddenly my groin felt the chill of death'.As I guess,the author has experienced that before,what he sees recalls the cold feeling in his memory.
I feel some sadness and helpless feeling facing the passing time in the peaceful life he described.
Time always flies fast.Summer holiday was the longest holiday of the year.I have two months to rest and do something.
My summer holiday was so interesting,because I went to Beijing to travel with my family.On the first day,we went to the Great Wall.It's very long and old.It has millions of bricks.Each brick is very big and heavy.Lost of people from different countries like climbing the Great Wall.We felt very tired when we climbed to the top of the Great Wall.After we also went to the summer palace,Tian'anmen Square,Xiang hill,etc.The Great Wall is the most impressive attraction for me.It's magnificent, very spectacular.Give people a feeling of great momentum.Let me admire the people who built the Great Wall.They are too great.
I like travelling with my family very much.At the same time, it can improve the relationship between family members.Travel is very happy, and travel with family more happiness.
Those who have achieved great success must have made good use of opportunities.
Some people always complain that there are few opportunities or the opportunities are out of them.
As a matter of fact ,it's often because of negligence that some people fail to take opportunities.
When opportunities appear, you should be aware of them first.
Besides, you should make full preparations because opportunities are only for those who are prepared.
We can't wait for opportunities and do nothing.
If you have an opportunities, and don't make good use of it, you will lose it.
You should realize that diligence is the mother of success and only diligence will bring you good luck and success.
Good luck never comes to someone who is lazy.
In my opinion, I think we should not only take the opportunities, but also work hard.
However, the way to success is not always full of sunshine and flowers.
Only after we have endured great pain and hardship can we see the light hope ahead.
Those who don't work hard will never be able to accomplish anything.
Since the app "We chat"has come into our life,it seems that we all depend more and more on it.No matter when it is, we all can see our friends stick their photos on the "Friends' circle".As a result, people are becoming the Wechataholic.
To judge the app is good or not, in my viewpoint, is really a complicated problem.
First of all,it saves money of talking on phone.
For we can use our mic to say what we want instead of it.
Secondly, it shows a variety of peole's life and minds, we can share our thought after reading a book or enjoy a beautiful scene with your friends, which you used to talk about it face to face.
On the other hand,"Wechat" makes us be addicted with it.
Since you can see people lower their head watching people's life almost everywhere.
Not only is it dangerous to cross the road when you don't concentrate on the light but also it drags you far from the reality.
A news has been reported that some young men and their older relatives were having a party while the young men all lowered their head using Wechat, which annoyed the old and let them end the party.
You see, Wechat reduce some energy in the real life.
In my way,we should use Wechat properly.
The more important thing is how we chat, but not what we chat.
Switzerland, my favourite country which has the population of 7.5 million people, is situated in the center of Europe, about 4.1 square kilometres.Except the capital city Berne,Geneva is known as the most famous city in Switzerland all over the world.
In Europe,Switzerland is next to Austria,France,Germany and Italy.On one hand,it is generally agreed that it's the garden in the world because it is famous for its beautiful scenery.And on the other hand,the country is also famous for its watches.What's more,the developed chemistry and food industry covers the area of this part of the market in the world all the time.
Most of person thinks students should be not allowed to use cellphones at the school.
These days the expert accept survey to cover problem.
At the percent, 70% of more than this figure all think the students should not be allowed cellphones in the school.
Personaly, i prefer to report most of people, there are some advantages and disadvantages as follows :Firstly, if the students can concern the Internet , they will carry of the games or novel .
It will influence their study.
Secondly, surfing the Internet can help students see news or study many beautiful articles and look through some useful information.
Nevertheless I want to say, how many students can use it correctly.
So, I think students should be not allowed to use cellphones in school.
Althrough it can help them to resolve some difficult problems.
Nonetheless on the other hand, the bad is more than the better in the problems.
I was always aware of my occupation.
As a student, especially in high school, all that matters seem can be concluded in one word: study.
And that turned out to be wrong one day.
It was a sunny day when our teacher told us we were going to visit a special school for the mentally disabled children.
Although fully prepared, I was still shocked and a little scared the minute we entered the building.
Tens of children were mumbling some lyrics, waving arms stiffly but carefully.
If it hadn't been for the leading teacher in the front, we wouldn't have known they were performing for us.
Unlike normal kids, their expressions were neither proud nor nervous but pretty distant, as if they were troubled with something else.
Later, we got the chance to play with them one on one, and the boy I was assigned to was very pretty.
He was one of the very few people I met with such beautiful eyes-they were like uncontaminated lakes up on the snow mountain, clear, bright, and innocent.
He had suffered from infantile autism for 12 years by then, and he was a shut-in of his own world all that time.
Although having been in school for 3 years, he could still barely spell his name or respond accordingly.
By the time we left, as reluctant as he was to let us go, he could only bit his lips hard and squeezed "Bye"out of that little contorted face and waved like we first met him.
On the way back school, I couldn't stop thinking about him.
He didn't have a choice to be like normal kids that can fluently talk about what happened at school to their fathers on the way back home, or just draw a birthday card to make their mothers smile.
But we do.
It dawned on me that I had taken so many presents for granted that it was harder for me to be grateful and cherish what I'd got.
Nobody's life should be so centered that they forget the source of happiness, and thanks to that little angel for teaching me such an important class.
In the middle of a clean room which has a woody floor put a rectangle coffee table.
We often drink and chat with families sitting around the table.
Later my mother asked us to put a rug under the table in order to avoid blots.
To the left of the table, there is a blue couch with a soft throw pillow on it.
Generally, the couch makes three people sit on it.
It's useful to those families which have three members.
And next to the couch stood a square end table with a classical lamp on it as well.
I enjoy lying on the couch and reading books under the slight light of the lamp.
An arm chair is put on the opposite of the end table which is comfortable and softy.
At the end of the room, a well-known painting painted by Vinci was hung on the middle of wall.
At the corner,there is another loveseat that is far away from the middle table.
A fireplace was put adjacent to the loveseat.
It makes the room to become warmer and warmer in winter.
Moreover, my favourite purple curtain was put right behind the couch.
Parent,who takes care of us and teaches us a lot of thing which we don't learn from school.
When we are child,they worked hard and attempted to give us a good live.
As we first went to school,although they was very sad,they still let us go.
We aiso cried loudly and didn't go to school.
But when we were a teenager,parent tried to play or talk with us,we didn't want to response to them.
They worked so hard that they let us live a good life.
We did so much hurt my parent's thing.
But didn't thank to them.
If I could change my life,I wouldn't do that.
I will thanks to them and take good care of them,don't let them hurt.
Nowadays,my parents are not live with me.
But I always call to them every weeks.
Listen their voice let me feel very happy.
Friendship is an eternal theme in human history.
When in trouble, we need friends to offer us help,support and encouragement.
With success achieved, we also need friends to share our joys.
Friendship is a kind of treasure in our lives.
Friendship is one of the greatest pleasures that we can enjoy and it plays an important part in our lives.Remember in high school, I have a group of like-minded friends.
We live in a dormitory together.
Stages of learning in high school, it should be extremely suffering, but I didn't feel.
Every week we are happy when we play basketball's time, our laughter, a wonderful combination as well as a victory.
Whenever we test is not ideal, we will be together with each other to comfort and encourage; and when we test is ideal, we will buy a lot of delicious duck to eat.
After the entrance, although we have been separated, but we still maintained a good contact, I think this friendship is precious.
As the saying goes, true friends must go through trials and tribulations together.
I couldn't agree more.
Friendships are relaxed, loyal relationships that involve intimacy, communication, and empathy.
Friendship is a kind of treasure in our lives.
It is like a cup of tea.
When we are thirsty, it will be our best choice, but when we have enough time to appreciate ourselves, it is also the most delicious drink.
In my part,I'm always convinced that nothing succeeds without a strong will.According to the survey,in generally,many successful people have a complete plan before taking measures to achieve their goals.
As the rudder is to a boat,so is a strong will to goals.As we know,achieving our goals is not easy,we will meet a lot of difficulties or obstacles.Maybe we would cry,feel disappointed,even intend to give up.If there is a strong will in our heart at the moment,we might motivate us to hold on.Achieving success is a long process.Consequently,insistence,namely,a strong will is the most essential element without doubt.
As the saying goes,where there is a will,there is a way.It adequately proved that a strong will is the most useful tool to help people success.A miracle is not a dream and it is made by people who has a strong will.Therefore,if you want to achieve your goals,keep a strong will in your mind.
Reading this topic, I cannot help recalling today's debate on the pros and cons of boycotting Japanese products during our English class.
One of the students who thought we should boycott Japanese products took Japanese cartoons and comics as an example.
As far as she is concerned, the popularity of Japanese animation in China is a kind of culture invasion.
Although it is just a minor aspect, we can see the challenges to traditional culture in an era of globalization.
We have to admit that in the modern society, globalization is unavoidable, accompanied by different cultures' merging, in which the western culture is the dominator.
Nowadays we Chinese are more and more used to accepting European lifestyles, American values and Japanese custom.
The traditional culture of our own seems to be forgotten with the booming development.
We are gradually apt to live a "foreign life".
The answer is certainly "No".
On the one hand, China has such a long history that the culture we have is broad and profound.
The richness makes it harder for us to learn it.
On the other hand, due to the rapid development of Chinese economic power, the spiritual construction is somehow ignored.
In other words, we are strengthening the economy at cost of priceless traditional culture.
Things always become complex when it involves "how".
In my opinion, the solution consists of two ways.
Firstly, effective measures must be taken to arouse the young generation's awareness of loving traditional culture.
It is advised that more classes such as traditional Chinese painting, Beijing opera and Tai Ji be added to students' compulsory courses, which is not a type of formalism, but an efficient way to promote our culture.
I believe promotion will make a difference, but it is still not enough.
Secondly the art workers should devote themselves to combining traditional culture with fashionable elements.
In no way can culture develop well without the combination with the economy.
Last but not the least, the government ought to give substantial support to culture industry, which will definitely lighten the way of traditional culture.
As a young girl I do enjoy Japanese cartoons and American movies.
However, never will I look down on our own traditional culture, and neither will the whole young generation.
It is always our best wish to see Chinese traditional culture shining on the international arena without being challenged by foreign cultures.
The truth love hide in our heart, we all have a deep loved man, he is lived in our heart often.
Give our happiness and sadness.
I know very well there hide a man who I deep loved in my heart, and already five years, I try my best to forget he, but I always failed to it.
I never tell he that I love he face to face, and he too, but I can feel his love, he should know my love, but we can't to love, it can't to be changed forever.
He is very silent, but he has a hot heart.
He was fully cared about me, and now same.
Only different is that the way is changed.
We disguised to treat each other coldly, perhaps our heart rooted in each other still and never left, so we always can feel the quiet love and can't love.
I like he was always looked me quiet from the distance, I used to look up to he through the glass windows.
I used to want to looked he, but I was afraid to meet he, so I always elude he.
Later, I control myself not to missed he, but I can't.
I missed he day and night since we were separate.
I struggled to forget he, but it impossible, because it seems already deep-rooted in my heart.
Later, my friend told me that perhaps not love, just the like, but I'm sure very well it's not only the love, but also the truth love, because I know the difference between love and like.
In front of person you love, your heart beats faster, you tend to get shy, you can't say anything on your mind, and you can't look straight into his eyes.
But in front of you liked man, you get relaxed, can't feel any nervous.
When the person you love is sorrow, you get cry and sad, but when the person you like is so, mostly you give he some comfort.
The destiny always makes fun of person, we always can't to control our own destiny.
I and he likes two straight line, that just have one intersection point, it's will never to meet again.
But I love he, and I can't change, so I decide to hide it in my heart.
I don't know how the ever is long, but I know that only I living a day do I loving he a day.
Catchwords are very popular among public and possess the ability to spread.
They can be used to describe many things, including mindset, state and people.
Therefore, there are more and more catchwords appearing at the speed far faster than we expect.
With the development of catchwords, there is disagreement among person about catchwords.
the improvement of the whole society.
While for others, they are for the opinion that catchwords are vulgar and momentary, witch has no positive effect on the society.
Personally speaking, catchwords conform to the trend of the historical development under certain circumstances, which can not be eradicated.
Besides, some catchwords do demonstrate the younger generation's creativity and sense of humor.
Nowadays,more and more college sudents become obsessed with Internet.This phenomenon has aroused great concern among general public.
The reason for Internet addiction of college students lie in several aspects.First and foremost,Internet has exerted a peculiar fascination on us.In addition,college students face fierce competition and suffer from great pressure.Some of them turn to the virtual world to evade the problems.Last but not least,college students spend most of their spare time playing computer games,and it's easy for them to be addicted to computer games.
From my point of view.Internet addiction have a devastating effect on our health and lives.We must take action to solve the problem.First we should spend more time on our study and reduce the time on the Internet.Secondly,we can take active participation in different kinds of activities and outdoor sports.Thirdly,to make full use of our spare time ,we can go to library to enrich ourselves.
There is no doubt that the time they smile at you.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people, even though you have no relationship to someone.
Thanks to the rapid advances in technology, the convenience of our daily life is on the rise.
But wealthy as our life is,the relation between two people is by no means satisfactory.
For one thing, people rarely say "hello" to each other.
A greeting is superior to a blank face.
For another thing, numerous people have no capability to smile, people to people is getting far and far.
All these conditions have the same reason: being short of communication, thereby, the relationship of people lead to cold and indifferent.
It is high time that we take action to warm each other.
We all need a lovely surrounding to a better life.
In China, even in the world, with the higher population, one child parents have in their families.
So they care for the child very spoily.
So much choice has been determined to their children without discussing with them.
In my opinion, I think parents should take care of their children when they are in the difficult.
But they can't determine all the choice and make love all the time.
Parents need to control the standard by themselves.
When you are beyond the board, giving too much helping for your kids, the child will rely more on you.
So they will lose their independence gradually.
So parents need to help the kids in the true time.
Such as something is difficult and they can't finish it by themselves.
In this time, parents need put themselves forward.
When the kid meets some problems which seem very simple.
Now, you needn't help them whatever how sad they feel.
Because kids need some frustration to exercise them.
So when parents educate the children, they need to choose a different way in difficulty.
Often, we heard some rich men have a cute child.
But when they grow up, smoking drugs, wasting money, drinking alcohol and so on bad things they have.
I think parents should stand the main reasons.
Because of the hard work, they don't have so much time to care for their children.
When kids stay at home alone, they don't have brothers or sisters to play with them.
So with the time movement, they became unfamiliar.
As we know, when people in the bad circumstance, they will try their best to solve the problems.
It is the same as children.
In the historic river, we can see, many successful people have an unlucky childhood, but they are stubborn, they achieve their dream by own.
Maybe we don't need to treat the kids so strictly.
But we should let them know the life is not always happiness.
We should tell them not only yourself but also the others in the world.
When children make a choice, we should give them suggestions rather than demanding them.
If kids can do alone, we could give them some freedom.
One child has its own dream, they can choose their own choice.
We can guide them in a few mistakes, but we can't determine their future.
We should learn to be a good listener rather than a good speaker.
Listen means the respect, understanding, building a good interpersonal relationship.
Also, it can help you to be a better man.
Parents listen to children and appreciate them, recognizing what they are worrying about and eliminate the generation gaps.
Teachers listen to students and understand them, they can know what are their students need from listening.
Students listen to each other to build the friendship, they can help and study each other from listening.
' I think the best way is to respect others and think what they said.
Pehaps you can learn a lot from what they said.
Being a good listener can make us closer to others and solve many problems, too.
Listeners make this world better and they make us happier.
So, it is important for us to be a good listener.
Thank you for listening.
Traditionally,individuals share the idea that women shouldn't appear to be as smart as men.Nevertheless,with the society developing, women gradually come to work and perform even better than men.Consequently the traditional idea has been challenged.
Different teachers have different character.I ant to introduce what a good teacher like in my opinion.
First I think a good teacher must rich in knowledge.In this way they can answerstudents' questions correctly,and teach students what can't study in the notebooks.Agood teacher must be well organised but don't need to be very strict and unsmiling.Everyone likes people who always smiles.
Second,a good teacher should be love to talk to students,so that they can know our problems in study and help us in time.Of course,they may be amusing and interesting,in order to make classes more active.What's more,students won't fall asleep in their class.
At last,they should kind and patient.In one class,there are both faster students and slower ones.The teacher must patient enough to let slower ones understand the points of lessons.
I'm Gina.
My room is very beautiful.
I'm tidy.
My pens are on the desk and my cup is in my schoolbag.
My books are on the desk and my ID card is in my schoolbag.
My ruler is on the desk and my pencil box is in my schoolbag.
My room is big.
Everyone may dream of to be a famous person when he is young, in that there are too many benefits he can enjoy as a famous person , for example he will earn much money and he can find a better job.
Neverhteless there is nothing is perfect.
A famous person also may meet some troubles, for example ,famous people will shoulder more responsibilities.
Everyone has its responsibilities, but famous people should bear more responsibilities.
First, there are too many people pay close attention to you when you become a famous person,so you should be responsible for yourself.
Second ,famous people should be in charge of the public.
Because a famous person often stand for a spirit of the era or a belief,no matter what he does ,he should consider the benefits of the public.
The last , famous people also a representative of a nation, so they also should be responsible for their nations.
Judging from this ,famous people shoulder more responsibilities than the average person.
As far as I'm consider ,to be a famous person should bear more responsibilities and pressure.
So the public should offer more respect to them.
On the other hand, the public also need give famous people more freedom.
They are famous people but they also have their own privacy, we should treat them more tolerantly.
I am glad to receive your letter.Now I will tell you something about our club activities.
Our club activities start at 3:30 on Friday afternoon.It will last one and a half hours.There are a lot of club activities to choose,for example,English corner,Science club,Drama club,sports club,music club and so on.We can choose any club we like to join.
We all very love our clubs.So we enjoyed ourselves each time.Every Friday afternoon,we can't wait to take part in these activity.What benefits us most is that it can make our life interesting and colorful.
What about your club activities?Do you like it?I am looking forward to your reply.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I was excited as well as worried.
I was very excited because I can spend my high school in an ideal school.
I was very worried because I didn't know about the teacher and students in my class.
When I arrived at school , I found my classmates and teachers were very friendly , I soon forget my nervousness and feel at home.
While I got home , I won't worry any more and I believe I will have fun at this new school every day.
I am L, a student from Class 5 Grade 8.
Next vacation, my school will organize some students to take part in after-school activities.
And I will tell you my choice and reasons.
I think going to old people's home visit is better than going to kids' summer camp.
That's because I am strong in telling stories.
And old people must be interested in stories.
I will cheer them up first, then I can get on with them.
It's more helpful for me to volunteer there.
I think I am free on every Tuesday morning.
So I am glad to go to old people's home that time.
All in all, I really understand in doing something for others when someone in troubles or who wants help.
Today, there are more and more people keeping pets at home.
Now, I want to give my opinions on this matter.
Keeping pets maybe is a good idea.
First, they can bring lots of happiness to the old for many yeas and they will love you faithfully.
What's more, teenagers can learn responsibility from keeping pets.
Young people can learn how to care for others by keeping pets.
Second, keeping pets help people learn more about animals and how to protect them.
Keeping pets is not a good idea.
They will bark at strangers.
Certainly, in my opinion, it's a good idea to keep pets.
They are cute.
And walking a pet can help the owner stay healthy.
With the fast development of our society,people are becoming increasingly blundering.Here is a common phenomenon that people always jump to conclusion upon seeing or hearing something.In my point of view,we should reach a conclusion upon a large amounts of investigations and evidences.
There is an old saying that "No investigation,no words.
"Nowadays,many occupations are closely relate to the sentence,such as judges or lawyers.We call for justice,fairness,publicity when in court.Before sentencing a criminal or getting a conclusion,policemen and lawyers must make an effort to seek for evidences include material evidences or witnesses instead of just depending on their imaginations or deductions.
Pythagoras once said that "Do after deep consideration in order to avoid doing stupid things.
"For example,John.Curtis,a disabled man.All the people thought he was a tragedy and many people looked down him.To the contrary,after his persistent efforts,he succeed in making inspiring speeches all over the world by using his own examples to support that everybody would succeed.
Above all,there are still many examples and evidences can prove the importance of investigations and actions.So don't just jump to conclusion upon seeing or hearing something.
I'm L, a sophomore in high school, and I am honored to be in the English speech contest organized by the school.
In the west, there are a lot of festivals, such as father's day, mother's day, Halloween, Christmas, Carnival and Thanksgiving.
In the holiday, my favorite is mother's day.
The reason is that when the children get a little bit of success, my mother very happy, telling anyone speak, relish, because this is her pride; their children encounter wrong, mother will silently swallowing psychology that sad and regret, guidance and earnest instructions.
Mother never because of poverty and disease, and to abandon their children some ugly.
When the child suffers from suffering and pain, is the mother of the day and night, anxiety, anxiety, hate can not for her pain, for him.
I am looking forward to the Chinese people to have their own mother's day, and set a statutory holiday.
Times go by,things changes a lot.As the saying gose:Changes in the way we live.
Compared with our parents'childhood,all the thing had already changes.Such as the way we living,the food we eat and even the way we talk!Many years ago,our parents or grandparents live a simple and hard life.They eat just potatoes,and a little race,race is very hard to get,diffrent form now.Becuase of that,they are always in hungry.And they are always face to face to talk with eachother.
But now,all the thing had changed!Now,we have many kind of food to choose,and most of them are very deliciouse!But,there has some bad changes.The way we talk!Since we have phone,we always use it talk with people or friends,we not get to meet any more.I think it's very bad.Becuse we can't see the face that whom we talk with,can't see his emotionse.And we will feel far away from our friends use this way to talk for a long time,then,we'll feel longly and fall ill.What's moer,the socity will be colder and colder,i think.
Of course,changes not only just those what i said,there changse very much.The good,the bad things.Somehow,we should keep the good changse,improve those bad changse,then,the life will more and more beauitiful and piceful.
I have listed 10 tips in the following which I think we cannot afford to lose even if we lost anything else.
Childishness --No matter how old you are, your heart cannot be old.
Music --If you haven't music, your life would be rather boring and tasteless.
Being elegant is always well.
Romance --Being romantic sometimes, that would make you feel comfortable just like a bird flying in the sky.
Muse --When you abound in anger and begin to catch fire, you should give you 10 minutes to think about it carefully at first.
Gallop --You must be hardworking like a general galloping across the battlefield.
But if you get too tired, just fly away like a butterfly.
Dont tire yourself.
Brave --To be a brave angle, without caring about the wild wind snapping at your wings.
Time --Maybe when you are old in your life, you will find that you need to do so many things, but you have no time to do.
The last one is-- yourself.
Many people have lost themselves, but I think it is the most important thing we cannot afford to lose.No matter when and where you are, the only thing you need to do is insisting yourself and doing what you like.
So if we have these things, our life would be extremely wealthy and successful.
When we are roaming around the woods,the spring,clear and pure,can be seen here and there.
They flow gently through stones and trees,shining and singing all the way.
Sometimes,they lay in a small pond quietly like a sleeping baby,surrounded by the fragrance of flowers and the twitter of birds.T hey are quiet, pretty and lovely.
I used to be under this kind of impression of water,not knowing there is still another form of water,which will touch the depth of my heart some day.
Until last summer, I went to the Yellow River.
Before arriving there, I can hear the constant roar of the river and feel the moist air and my heart cannot help beating faster.
Then bit by bit I can finally see the whole scenery.
Mixed with numerous sands, all the water rushes on and hit against the bank.
They,like a furious lion, blow a cloud day and night and never have a rest,even a second.
I was touched deeply by this form of water-a kind of tremendous,sweeping and amazing water.
when I stand riveted there, my thought got very far.
As is known to us,the roaring water also comes from the mountains,where the spring flows quietly.
Before arriving in the river bed,they are just humble and common and they have to conquer all the steep terrain and the hot weather.
However, they never give up,for they know stopping means drying up while running means getting to the destination.
Reflected by the river,I can glimmeringly see the face of myself,who have the same destiny of water.
On account of the phenomenon that the number of people who take the college entrance examination has been diminishing these years, some people tend towards the view that vocational education, paying more attention to practical training, is exactly to employers' like, so vocational education provides a superior education compared with the college education.
However, from my perspective, There is no doubt that college education boasts overwhelming advantages over vocational education.
In the first place, college education provides a period of transition which is indispensable for most Chinese students.
High schools in China are purely ivory towers in which students engross themselves in books all day and almost have no opportunity to tap their potential to the full and also are too naive to keep a foothold in society which is imbued with frantic and cutthroat competitions.
As a consequence, most students cannot endure those hardships and may gradually abandon themselves to despair because those are too much to them, while in college, they and they get a clear understanding of society, which contributes to good characters of confidence,optimism and fortitude.
Furthermore, college education is systematic, synthetic and professional.
College education opens a window for you to be exposed to miscellaneous and interwoven culture, whether of China or other lands, in ancient times or today.
Unlike vocational education, which always focuses on just one job skill, college education lay emphasis on humane education which leads you to an intriguing world where you are concentratedly appreciating Gothic tales of the marvelous and the bizarre and admiring the mystery and splendor of Egyptian pyramid.
It is a calamity if you act as only an instrument of making money.
Last but not least, the level of the college education is a reflection of the civilization of a country.
It is of paramount importance for the government to enhance the quality of college education and raise the cultural level of the whole nation.
In the process of deepening the reform of higher education, colleges also lay great emphasis on practical applications of knowledge and prepare students to enter the society and confront challenges.
Thus in all, college education plays an indispensable role in a person's successful life and it is a better choice for most people.
Let's go "Cross Country," see what's happening in Orange County, California.
Search is on for this bumbling robber who police say spent 6 minutes searching for his gun before he held up a convenience store.
Surveillance cameras caught him digging through his backpack.
Police say the robber had apparently forgotten where he put his gun.
But eventually, he found it in his pocket, then he demanded the money.
All right, Hampton, Connecticut, where age is just a number for this 103-year-old polka-dancing nun.
Sister Cecilia Adorni teaches her fancy polka steps to elderly residents at an adult daycare center.
On Tuesday, she spent her 103rd birthday doing what she does best.
That's right, the polka.
It's simple.
Joy.
And finally, in Big Lake, Minnesota, a man's home is his ice castle.
For the 4th straight year, Roger Hanson has built a massive ice structure in his backyard, 64 feet high, 85 feet wide, it's twice as big as his own house.
Hanson says his only concern, now, is that it's starting to melt.
And extradition order for WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange and money problems for his whistle-blowing Web site.
That tops on our "Morning Passport".CNN's Zain Verjee is all over it for us from London.
Hey.
there Kyra, Julian Assange is going to be extradited to Sweden to face allegations of rape and sexual assault.
Now he has said that he is going to appeal that ruling and if it fails, though, he is going to have only about ten days before he is sent off to Sweden.One thing that I just want to focus on a little bit here Kyra is that WikiLeaks is having a major cash problem.
They are putting out t- shirts and mugs and even dinner with Julian Assange to try and raise some money because he's got legal fees of something around $200,000 and things like PayPal and Visa and MasterCard are refusing to even process any of his payments.So he's in a major jam financially.
We'll see what happens with the appeal.
The picture shows an old lady sits in front of a mirror,talking to herself "Live without children around feels very lonely".
Parents must be the nicest people among the world, they raise children up with endless love,teaching children how to get along well with this complicated world by using their own experience.
What's more, all they ask was for nothing,which move me most.
My opinion is no.
As is known to us all,more and more aged people lives a lonely life and even some of them spent rest of their lives in this situation.Therefore, I would like to appeal children to take care of their parent and show their love by actual actions,such as keeping accompany.
As time goes by, we becoming stronger while parent weaker and weaker,in this time,we should know it is our turn to love them as they love us before.
Although people's living standard is remarkably improved, the crises that people are faced with are no less than those in the old days.
And different people take different action when confronted with them.
From my perspective, crises are one of the most significant factors that give us impetus to the better life.
Thanks to crises, we come to realize that there are still shortcomings and disadvantages now existing.
The story of Wolf Is Coming is known to everyone.
The child asks them to save him after his cry for help for twice.
As a matter of fact, it is disclosed as a trick on the them.
When it comes to the third time, while the wolf is actually approaching to the child, however loud he asks them for rescue, they do not come.
From the ironic story, what we can acquire is that it is because the crises come that we are able to have a clear consciousness that we are not invincible and many problems are supposed to be solved properly.
The naughty child in the story eventually comes to his death and evidently he is regretful to make such a practical joke on them, but we still have noble chances to deal with the crises.
In addition, the crises help us to improve the solving ability.
Life is full of ups and downs.
It is very common to encounter crises and it is also very beneficial for us to learn a lesson from so many times' action.
For instance, Japan is a country where people suffer earthquake frequently.
And now, they are capable of taking measures immediately to prevent themselves from injury to some extent.
Thus, crises will conducive to our daily life.
What's more, the intelligent and brave will emerge to save people from calamities.
Crises make situation so urgent that people have to associate with each other to make the joint efforts to face the serious conditions.
The heroes will turn up and do with the crises through his advantageous intelligence.
Usually we can witness the side effect of crises with our own eyes, but there are still many advantages of crises as long as we look on them from other angles.
Only by the crises, are we aware that subsistent defects need to be remedied, ways of solving the problems want to be worked out and talent of capable people need to be excavated.
Even though the crises of course incur losses, there is no denying that the crises will push us forward in the future.
A majority of kids are too lazy to do chores.
So their parents come up with an idea:paying kids for chores.
They hope they can help their children build up a sense of responsibility,work hard in their studies,make progress and form a habit of diligence.
Firstly,building up a sense of responsibility is important.Today's children are too self-centred and a majority of kids are not brave enough to admit their errors.
Secondly, working hard in their studies and making progess.
With the development of technology and economy, a number of children would rather sit in front of computer than do study.
They would prefer to go to KTV than stay at home to study.
Thirdly, it is significant to form a habit of diligence.
Many kids are only-child in family, they choose to rely on their parents so they become quite lazy.
As an old saying goes:early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy,wealthy and wise.
From my point of view, it is a good method to pay kids for chores.
Only in this way, can they build up a sense of responsibility.
What's more, they will be more diligent.
Last but not least, they will work hard in their studies.
App"Didi taxi"and"KuaiDi taxi" to change the way taxi drivers waiting for passengers, it allows drivers to master using a mobile phone waiting for passengers' fingertips.
"This App is very simple principle,similar to a telephone call car service.
Click in the phone that passengers "I want the car," and send a voice instructions specific location and the place to go.
