At first read online will get more hurt of you eyes than traditional read.Apart form that traditional read is a culture of all the world,it can not be repiaced.Besides the books are more easy to be kept.
Of course reaing online also have many advantages such as you can read in anytime or anywhere.But in my opinion I rather liking traditional read than reading online.What do you think about it?
Nowadays, a prevalent statement we often hear is that words, one of the most important ways of recording and sending information, are much better than pictures.
This is due to the fact that words play an essential role in daily communication so that people could not live without it.
However, a substantial number of opponents argue that one picture is superior to thousands of words since people could gain information directly and accurately through photos.
As far as I concerned, the later view seems to align more with my side.
Admittedly, words have a directly impact on not only people's life but also the development of society.
If we lived without words, we would not be able to gain knowledge even talk to others.
Moreover, words are the greatest creations in the human culture which symbolize that human entered the civilization society.
We could not neglect the vital values of words in history and culture.
For instance, it is words that help us to get a better picture of history which is wrote down by people hundred years ago.
However, despite the argument above, to some extent, sounds rational, there are still many points to be challenged if we analyze this issue based on the different perspectives.
Additionally, the statement in the topic seems to ignore the weakness of words.
Firstly, people always spend a large amount of time in looking for the information they want by reading thousands of words.
In contrast, they can gain information directly by observing the pictures.
It is obvious that looking for the information by observing pictures saves much time than reading words.
In addition, people may have different ideas about how to understand the words.
That is to say, people, to some extents, would be misled by those words which are hard to be understood.
However, pictures are valid and precise so that people could understand easily no matter if they are knowledgeable.
In conclusion, based on the analysis above, pictures are better than words because it could make a visual and true impression on people's mind.
I'm w. I have a store.
Have a day, I walk out to my good frider.
My mon not to see me she resk to me.
The fiften minter I and my friend go in my home.
I get home now.
But I don't see my mother and father.I talk the phone to my mother.
O~.
Because them is not see me to take me.
It's my paretas.
Deng Yijiang professor is to my influence the artist of one of the largest, he is a well-known choreographer who made it clear the my dream.His works are influential to me not only in academic study but also in shaping my character.
I love dancing and had some professional training during my junior high school.Shortly,a big competition was launched in our school.I took part in it.He served as the dance of the judges.However, I slipped on the stage in the fall.I continued to finish the game,but I feel very frustrated about my mistakes, I feel very ashamed, I have been waiting for the judges of the judges.Unexpectedly, he did not criticize me, he encouraged me, and told me that everyone has to do things will have mistakes, do not be discouraged, and then pay more efforts to avoid these mistakes, the next will be more perfect performance.Later, I watched a dance directed by him.In this play,l thought he tried to express his attitudes toward life.What had been fully demonstrated was the young's confusion and dream,sorrow and happiness,as well as our efforts to overcome obstacles and achieve success.I was deeply impressed by his work.Also I made a decision that was to be a director.
Four years later my dream was realized.
He gave me not only two words, but a station, so I can fly in the field of dance.Deng Yijiang's works and his attitudes toward dance are still vivid in my mind.The primary purpose of education is not to teach you to earn your bread, but to make every mouthful sweet.Consequently,he is not only my supervisor but also a guide and light of my life and he is one of the most influential artists, a senior director of dance.
When I enter Northeast Normai University,I realize that I'm standing on a new stage of my life.
Compared with senior school,the university make more free for me.But there is an old saying that a coin has tow sides.On the one hand,I have enough time to do what I like.On the other hand,there is no person who inspects my study all the time.Consequently,I'm with the view that self-discipline and seif-control is significant for university students.I'll use up all the available time to acquire more and more knowledge.Where there is a will,there is a way.
To be a high-level translator is my dream.So long as I make great efforts,I believe my dream can come true someday.
In addition,I felt alone on account of no friends at the beginning of the life of college.
However,I'm not upset about it.Tomorrow is another day.What's more,tomorrow will be better and better.
After the long summer holidays, I went back to the school.
Nevertheless what different from before was this was a brand new beginning.
Here I met different persons and my college life started.
Actually, before I came to the university, I had imagined college life many times.
Firstly, I wish I can absorb something of my subject as mush as feasible.
Then based on this, I am eager to join the student union.
What's more, I intend to do well in either two aspects, however as a student I should put study on the first.
So here comes my fears.
What I am afraid and worried about is I can't find the balance between study and work.
I have ever thought if I can't balance them, the result will be that two aspects can't be done well.
I like shopping.And I enjoy this time.
I often enjoy window shopping with my friends.I feel it very comfortable and happy.I like some special things when I find that I often stop to see.It's very interesting.And I like to go discount stores.Because it often sells some good quality merchandise at affordable at very prices.It is its flaw.When I bought some wonderful goods,I often share them with others.They are happy in the same.However,sometimes my mother doesn't feel happy,because it costs me too much money.So,I prefer study at home rather than go shopping.My friends agree with me.
Sometimes,I go shopping on online.On the one hand,I find it's very cnvinent to buy and I can see all kinds of thing,such as clothes,glasses,wathes and so on.On the other hand,it's very cheap and beautiful.So I also like go shopping on online.
Everyone.
My name is X, I come from L. I am very glad to come here and we read together.
I am a relatively quiet girl, come here I feel very lonely, but let me happy is here I meet some good friends.
I like sports, especially like running, because running can lat very good exercise.
I like drawing, listening to music, because they can make me happy.
This is me, I hope to become good friends with you.
Everyone has a staggering capacity to bring about new things, new thoughts or offer new items.
Especially when he is conscious of changes around them, and a neoteric idea emerges from their pondering automatically.
This is creativity which represents the ability to use your skills and imagination to produce new ideas or things.
To be creative means owning the specific ability -creativity .
To be creative doesn't mean to create many new things only; that's a small part of creativity.
I used to believe that Edison is the most creative person in this world.
Actually, to some degree,he is.
But his creativity only embodies on dazzling contrivances.
He is the one who changes his mind to real substances,turning thoughts to objects.
Many other thinkers whose creativity reflects in fresh thoughts,we should take them into account.
Their new thoughts ,novel ideas response to business, constructions , administrations and so on .It was not until I solved problems under some friends and partners' suggestions did I realize creativity does not mean to create or to invent.
Beyond the invention part ,creation means more to people.
To be creative isn't difficult.
All things cannot go well in your life , and you always want something to be changed.
As you crowding among the students towards refectory, you will think a new reasonable arrangement of dinner time to different grades .
If we are accustomed to thinking deeply ,wo can cultivate us to create.
Thinking, and it comes with your occasional ideas.
It is conceivable that thinking play an essential role in our life.
Using all the information ,skills you have grasped and then imagining little and dreaming little ,you will become creative .
As we all know, to be fame man is an important thing for everyone.
Most of people all want to be the people who get fame.
But in fact,it is not every easy to do this.What should we do if we want to get fame?
Here are some suggestions about it.
First,we should treat others as ourselves.
If you want others to respect you and gain fame from them, you first need respect others and treat them as yourself.Lei Feng is a famous people and get great fame.
The reason we remember him is not his appearance but his behavior.
He was used generous in giving others help no matter when and where.
Second, we should not do bad things to make others hurt.
Like murder, rob,steal and so on.
Last but not least, we should work hard.
If you are a student,you need study hard and get high grades, if you are a servant,you need work hard and give your smile to your guests.
Only if can you do it best, you will own much capacity to help others.
At the same time, you must believe no matter who you are, you can earn others respect and get fame.
I'm L.As an organizer,I'm so glad to see you can join this competition.As it known to all,English has playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.So we want you to develop the ability of English speaking and listening through this competition.Besides,the habit of reading is of vital importance.We hope you can understand it and take some actions.
When you stand on the stage,you should think about time.Five minutes are available.Fluent English speaking and qualified pronunciation are quite in demand.I hope you will do a wonderful job.
A majority of students think that get online is good for us.In their views,there are 3 points contributing to this attitude as follows:in the first place,they think that they can get more knowledge and broaden their horizons by using the Internet.
In the second place,they can communicate with their friends and share something they interest online.Furthermore,they enjoy and relax themselves online.So it goes without saying that high school students get online frequently is good.
But one coin has two sides,some students hold nagtive attitude to this opinion.Firstly,it is harmful to our eyes if we keep watching the screen for long time.Secondly, we will focus on chatting or playing games occassionly.Finally, it naturely wastes our time and energy by getting online.
In my opinion, it is very important to access information online, but we should not pay too much attention on it.
Making good use of Internet helps us in many ways but we must arrange our time well.
In recent years, with the economy growing, all kinds of goods are flowing into our life.
The packaging of goods becomes more and more attracting our eyes.
However, the problem of excessive packaging has aroused people's wide concern.
There are many reasons accounting for excessive packaging.
Firstly, the promotion effects of excessive packaging have been greatly exaggerated by interest-driven merchants.
Furthermore, it is irrational consumption that led to the phenomenon of excessive packaging.
The last but not the least, as everyone sees it that distempered of the related laws and regulations and inadequate enforcement of the law together contributed to this phenomenon.
To change this situation, I think we should take the following measures.
First, laws must be made and implemented to impose restriction on excessive packaging.
Second, a public education campaign should be launched to arouse customers' consciousness that packaging doesn't equal to quality, and also let them know the bad impact of it.
Only in this way can we put an end to this trend .
Nowadays,WeChat is becoming more and more popular among people,especially youngsters.There is no denying that WeChat brings us a lot of convenience but some people who are called WeChataholic have indulged in it and I am worried about it.
Firstly,it's bad to their health because their vertebration must bear a lot of pressure while using smart phones.
Secondly, it will influence their work and study inevitably.As we all know,if we want to work efficiently,we must concentrate on ourselves.But to some WeChataholics,they can't help using their WeChat frequently and they pay much attention on seeing whether someone has sent a message to them.They spend too much time on it but it does no good to them at all.Finally,WeChataholics are always threatened by dangers since they aren't aware of the surroundings when playing WeChat.Many accidents happen because of it.
In my opinion,it's high time for WeChataholics trying to leave WeChat now.If they can put down their smart phones and get in touch with other people or the nature,they will find beauty in the reality,not in the virtual world.
Nowadays, the Diaoyu Islands issue between China and Japan is becoming more and more intense.
People spontaneously demonstrate and smashed Japanese products made in Japan in the street.
The Diaoyu Islands belongs to China since ancient times, while Japanese provoked the mainland for several times and arrested those who protected for the islands territory which caused wide public concern in China and many citizens organize anti-Japanese protest spontaneously, they even smash Japanese products or everything relevant with Japan.
There are an increasing number of people who boycott and smash Japanese products crazily.
The issue became white-hot.
We are not against boycotting Japanese goods, but we should remand those who are over excited that we can do not buy Japanese objects but please do not break our relatives' private property.
This can only bring pain to our friends and joy to our enemies.
It is well known that the Diaoyu Islands belongs to China.
And there is no doubt that Japanese government did hurt Chinese, including mainland, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and all the people in the world who have complex towards China.
I felt so sorry about this.
The Japanese government's so-called" plan for purchasing the islands" is illegal and invalid.
It must be ended with failure.
We totally understand the Japanese feelings of cherishing islands and resources.
We also witnessed the achievements that Japanese had made in reclaiming lands and developing new resources.
Nevertheless, that doesn't mean they can acquire their countries' territories according to invading.
Hope Japanese stop to invent a story and the plan of purchasing the islands, returning back to solve the current controversy rationally.
The Diaoyu Islands is ours; we as well as the whole society will not let them act wildly against law and public opinion.
What they had done must be punished according to fair trail.
China's territory, territorial waters, airspace has always been sacrosanct.
Now we have made remarkable achievements in economy, territory and air defense.
We have confidence and ability to protect our country.
We hope Japanese can cherish the hard-won peaceful environment and the good atmosphere for economic development as well as to promote the economy and contribute to Asian prosperity instead of wasting time on the so-called plan of purchasing the Diaoyu Islands.
I'm glad to know that you're going to our school.
I will introduce you to our school and I hope you can have a good time.
Our school is Fourth Middle school.
We all love it.
The trees are surrounded by school.
The school background has a small pond.
It is rich in natural resources.
The environment is graceful, let us feel comfortable.
The scenery is so beautiful.
We are happy, but the environment is not so pleasant.
So you have to increase or decrease in clothes.
Green vegetables to make our body must healthier, we eat up very comfortable, very sweet smile.There are many students here and we come from different places.
We gather here.
We are a family of love and I hope you can be a part of us.
Welcome to my school.
At the same time, believe that you will fall in love with my school.
I dream of I am a designer when I was a young.
Today my dream is come ture,I working in a company.I be good at work and get along with my workmates ,we having fun every day.I also having a beautiful house and big family,I having a car and I draving some place where is a peasful that I want to go .I will be study English and Franch,because l want to say mang langguges,and I want to travel around the world with my family.
I believe where there is a will ,there is a way.I hope this day coming early.
As for me, there's more time for me to arrange.
Being a college student, we should enlarge our knowledge and broaden our horizon.
Reading books is quiet a good way to realize it.
According to that we should try varies of books instead of the books which is related to our major.
In my point of view, it all depends on yourself.
As for me, after 12-year study in school, I did have the subtle logic, so I might not choose more books about math.
On the contrary , I'll try books related to arts.
Because I don't think I have a high level of EQ.
and I want to know more about philosophy.
Although it's complex, the way to think that philosophy can teach me is really necessary to me.
That's all about book-reading.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
By the way, wish you have a good start and enjoy your life in college.
Yours, Li.
The death penalty a step back .I think only few of Chinese are in favor of it ; while mostly are not.People who support it since they believe guilty people who are sentenced to be shot is such a cruel thing in modern society .However,those who oppose it hold that the death penalty is vital to ease social unrest.Only shooting these who committed ,can prevent others from doing the same sort of things again .
Is the death penalty a step back?I am support it,and believe the death penalty will be vanished someday.With the high rising of social progress,China is concerning more about people's rights ,also for the guilty people.
Human beings are emotional and sentimental,yet may become shortcomings in daily life.We are likely to do illegal behaviors on an impulse when compelled by others' insult words or behaviors.If one committed or killed someone at this circumstance, should he be sentenced to death ,as the saying goes: eye for an eye and tooth for a tooth?
As far as I am concerned, death penalty is not justice to them.Things should be considerate thoroughly and death penalty is not the only way to punish people.Moreover,we are members of the society,and we all have parents ,brothers and sisters in the world.What's your feeling when your family member committed and sentenced to death?Actually, it would be so cruel to the family members,especially their parents who may feel full of losing in their rest of life.Last but not least,it is a fact that there are many countries which have banned death penalty .For example, England in which most people were avoid of banning death penalty at first.It is obvious that people now are caring more about criminals' feelings,as criminals can be executed in a painless way,such as injection,which has been accepted by several countries.
On the whole,the death penalty is not an essential way to reduce crimes and ease social unrest.And I believe it would be disappear someday .
After finished reading the "Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the U.S.S.R", I have to admit Churchill is really a great orator.
He said:"The Nazi regime is devoid of all theme and principle except appetite and racial domination.
From his speech, we can learn that Churchil wanted to gather all the righteous power to go all out to defeat Nazi, then he used a parallel sentence "I see the Russian soldiers standing on the threshold of their native land, ...I see them guarding their homes where mothers and wives pray...I see ten thousand villages of Russia where the means of existence is wrung so hardly from the soil...I see.... "His every word is so persuasive.
It is a long sentence which greatly shows the agony and sympathy of Russian and strengthens the animosity of Nazi.
He successfully appealed to all the Russian and other righteous people to take active part in this war.
He also mentioned that there's no distinction of race, creed or party when we are faced with the war.
In his speech, he used some rhetoric.
He used the words "swarm" "locust" to describe foes.
We can apparently see his attitude towards their foes, he didn't feel frighted and nervous, on the contrary, he thought their foes should be discriminated like a swarm of locusts.
The social student only knows study and theory at present but don't know society practises.
I think the college student's need join society practises.
For example use for the knowledge the practice and join sports.
This can give our some ability.
In my pinion a good student' s in college not only study but also have some abilitys.
We can have some knowlage or some tech.
So we need hard work in anywhere and anytime.
I believe that we havea really good abilit by practice.
we know in this day we only have well study is worng we must have more konwlage it go allow practises.
so we have hard work and with heart listen, I think we will become a man of having both ability and political integrity.
Recently years,with the development of the network,micro-blogging is becoming more and more popular.Many people use micro-blogging to express each other.
Because of the birth control,most of the family accept only one child.However,they may feel lonely.Micro-blogging afford them a change to know each other and talk to each other.
At the same time,it accepts shortcomings.Some children don't like studying.So they play micro-blogging instead of leaning on the class.On the other hand,the internet may have many unhealthy things what may teach children bad.
Micro-blogging is the production of the internet.Thought it has advantage and disadvantage,we should adopt it's good point and avoid it's shortcomings.
As we all know, a better result of study can be brought by a better study environment.
Therefore, we should both beautify the campus environment and create a campus culture.It is of great importance to make and maintain a green campus in our university or college.
Obviously, a growing number of people are beginning to realize that it is our duty to do that in the present days, since the concept of "a green world" has become the focus of the society.
The idea of "a green campus" is beyond a green environment.
To begin with, the development on the campus is to be sustainable and recyclable.
Some of the authorities' budget should be on how to reduce of the waste.
What's more, we'd better be aware of the seriousness of pollution around us.
Thus the idea of environmental protection may become a common occurrence in our daily life.
It is necessary that effective actions should be taken to protect our campus from waste and pollution, and hence these activities are to play an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.
Certainly, there is little doubt that further consideration must be paid to our green campusesTo bring "green campus" to its full play, effective measures should be taken.
First, based on its education function, campus should bring the theory of "sustainable development" into classrooms, set environmental management rules and conduct environmental education activities.
Second, campus also need www.zhlzw.com s to strengthen its ties with the society, tries to communicate with parents and experts so as to ensure that students could have a better participation in the practical activities.
Only by the co-efforts of the whole society could "green campus" work smoothly and bring benefit to people's well-beings.
By analyzing, the NAFTA and the WTO do have much negative impact on the Ametican's economy,such as accelerating the trade deficits and job losses.So the existing trade agreements should be repaired and rebuilt before moving ahead.
Today,we do a discussion that what is the most essential to university students,Academic performance or Communication Ability.
On the other hand ,some people think that communication ability is getting more and more important .We should make a better use of our university years .Joining societies clubs or taking part-time jobs do good to our communication ability.However ,this also means that we have less time to study.
to communicate is also important .So we should keep a balance of academic performance and communication ability .We will be the bustle in the university ,but we will also be happy.
In our life, reading is an indispensable event.
When that happens, we change a lot on all sides.
As the saying goes, reading ten thousand books is like travelling ten thousand miles.
It broadens our horizons, and book is the beacon of guiding us forward.
We are able to experience different and meaningful lives by reading.
It not only enriches our lives, but also broadens our mind.
Compared with practice, reading is more simple and can save time.
Furthermore, it can make us understand the world from the writers and master our language.
It is helpful for us to talk with others in our life.
Reading makes a full man and everyone could learn something from a book.
For example we can learn some common senses to make our life better, we can get more knowledge to make us literacy.
In my opinion, reading have a lot of good effect on us.
There are so many books about how to learn a certain language, how to get a good job, how to get along with others, how to develop a new interest, how to become popular in your circle, how to cook and so on.
Firstly, it enriches our knowledge without going out.
Secondly, it is a good way to improve our reading and writing skills.
Last but not least, reading is also beneficial to our job hunting in the future.
In the end, please remember life is short and art is long.
The European country I most want to visit is Switzerland.So I will introduce Switzerland to you.
It is located in the middle of European .Its area is 41,000 square kilometers and it has a population of 7.5 million.Berne is its capital city.And Geneva which is famous in the world is a city of Switzerland,too.
Swizerland has some famous neighbouring countries.They are Asutria,France,Italia and Germany.And it's one of reasons of its rich.
Swizerland's scenery is pretty beautiful and attracts a lot of tourists to visit there.what is more,Swizerland is called "the garden of the world"because of its beautiful scenery.
Swizerland is also known for its industry.As far as I know,the developed industry of watches,chemistry and food is really famous.
In a word,Swizerland is a very pretty and rich country.I really love it and I want to travel to there very much.
It is well-known to our college students,everyone has experienced the hard life in high school.It is obviously for us to distinguish the differences between college and high school study.
First of all,the ways of teaching and study are the most biggest differences.Teachers manage your study every day in high school,but as a college student,all the study plans are made by yourself.You should adapt to it as soon as possible.Moreover,our study goals are changed.When studyed in high school,all of us have clear goal what is get into a ideal university.However,we get confused and we can not forecast our future now.
According to my experiences,I think a college student should promote his abilities to decide for himself.And making a ambitious goal to strive.Please remember"Be Yourself".
At the beginning of this part of this movie, we saw an elegant woman and her son on a warm afternoon.
Obviously, the boy was disabled with his legs.
When they reached the stage, one of his shoes was stuck between steel bars of the drain.
The mother spoke to her son, "The way.
Hold up.
Later his mother pulled him up.
There were two men on the bench looking at them.
Her mother hold on his hand and explained to him not to let anybody have told him they have been superior than him.
Her mother was the most confident woman than I have ever seen.
Another scene showed that they walked on the way to the County Central School.
On the way, the boy introduced that his mother and him had lived about half a mile from the town of Greenbow.
He also told us that their house had a long story.
His mother was a smart lady.
She decided our rooms out mostly to people passing through.
That's how he and his mother earned money.
The mother frenquently told him that he was no different than anybody else.
After his mother came into the principle' office, the principle told her that her son' IQ was 75 and he was different.
Thus the mother argued with him, then the principle explained that the state had required a minimum IQ of 80 to attend the public school.
At this moment, I feel that Nothing is more selfness than maternal love.
This was the end of this part of this movie.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.They are different.She is as tall as Liu Lili.They both have straight hair,nonetheless Wang Lingling has longer hair than Liu Lili.Liu Lili likes sports,nevertheless Wang Lingling enjoys reading.They are both outgoing and popular.So many kids like to make friends with them.Liu Lili likes laugh and makes jokes.She is funnier than Wang Lingling.At school,Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili.But Liu Lili is smarter than Wang Lingling.
With the development of technology,the Internet has impacted our life deeply.Nowadays,almost every family has a computer.People can communicate with others at anytime and anywhere by using the computer.
The Internet has impact on Interpersonal Communication.It has advantages.First,people can communicate at anytime.People don't need to meet.They can chat with each other across the Internet.Even people aren't at the same city,they needn't spend much time going to see each other.Second,it is convenient for people to get information.In the past,people had to write letters to relate to others.If they wanted to share pictures that were wonderful,they must post them.Now,people can send information through the Internet and others can receive them quickly.However,it also has disadvantages.For example,teenagers like surfing the Internet.They frequently use some words from the Internet which their parents can't understand.Therefore,there may be some misunderstanding between them.People can also chat with each other without meeting.If people just communicate and do not meet for a long time,their relationship may become hard.It is necessary for people to meet at sometimes.
The Internet has impact on Interpersonal Communication.We should make use of advantages of the Internet.
Nowadays,there are more and more undergraduates because there are more and more universities,that cause part of really talent people will be invisible in the crowd.As the matter of fact,the incresing number of Chinese Universities is not really excited.Actually,the quantity of universities and the quality of the undergraduates can not be a equity.
In my opinion,more universities in Chinese can provide more chances for students who want to have further education,but there are quite a few commercial school ,and we can not sure that the school we choose is not one of them.As we all known,China has a huge amount of population.Intake expansion in Chinese universities means the employment problem aggravated.Moreover,some dronish undergraduates can muddle in the employment-maket with a same qualification with the others.That's not fair!
I think,the government should control the amount of university but make sure the undergraduates can get the best education.Besides,we can offer more extracurricular courses for those people who fond of leaning but have no chance into universities.
What is known to us is that to find a good job becomes very difficult with the development of the society.
Cause the reason which this kind of situation appears is that population number becomes more and more to lead the employment competition more intense.
Inorder to find a good job, most people have to make enough preparation in advance.
First, everybody must obtain some knowledge and skill for the future employment, which requires us to gain basic knowledge and skill.
Second, we need to exercise our practising ability, because practise is the sole criterion for testing truth.
The last but not least is that we need believe ourselves and have a dream to struggle because attitude determines altitude.
As far as I am concerned, at first, I will gain basic knowledge hard at our university.
Also, I will spend some time prcticing my other ability such as communication and behaviour.
If i have done them successful, I will achieve my dream and find a good job.
With the improvement of living standard, the living cost becomes higher as well.Many people have to be confronted with various pressures.For instance, high housing price, the possibility of unemployment,the fierce competitions in work and the complex relationship between people .
Some like stressful life .They are fond of challenges in life , which may help them improve themselves easily .
However, some don't like such kind of life.
It's really tired to confront so much tension.
To the point of my view, life needs pressure,as well as rest .
Work while you work and play while you play,that will be the best way to live happily.
Rencently,more and more undergreduates download papers from the Internet for saving the trouble of doing the assignments.Morever,most of them even develop a habait of copying papers.In my view ,it is such a harmful behavior to students.
First,college students will never grasp the knowledge which is important to them in the future.When they choose to copy papers ,they give up their chances to think .They can not understand what exactly the knowledge in papers because they never take it seriously.Therefore,they can not learn anything in the university.Second,it is a matter of one's integrity.Grabing the fruits of other people's academic labour,to some extent,it is a reflection on their character ,which is called dishonesty.no one would like a dishonest person.It may affect their future job if they do this dishonest act.
Furthermore,it is easy to deceive others but it is hard to cheat themselves.It also bring much pressure to them because they are afraid of being found by teachers .
Above all ,I think we should take some methods to prevent this detrimental behavior .First of all,colleges can give students 'some lectures about the importance of writing papers by themselves.Second ,they will be punished if they copy orthers' documents.They may have to turn in more papers or lose their opportunity to get diplomas.I think, the severer the measures,the less the dishonesty.
In summary,we should keep away from the academic honesty on campus .
Read and practice are two different concepts, practical exercises in practice should be there on the basis of theory, and learning theory from the reading began.
So if you want by doing a perfect life, that the reading is a premise.
Reading is a lifelong learning process, through reading, we can get knowledge, make friends, broaden their horizons, but also improve the level of self, so that reading is an important step in our progress.
Books are the ladder of human progress, in fact,the reading is the best way for thousands of years of human science and technology, so we are no longer an empty person, but to make our life after school reading through more beautiful.
Reading can help us establish a correct view of the three, by reading, we can see the ancient thought, we can discuss poetry entertainment and literary people, we can move from the numerous positive and negative stories, learn, increase their knowledge, to form a front guide Three of the concept.
Reading can help us broaden their horizons, we are no longer confined to a corner of the life and free.
With the expansion of the scope of the study, we will have a broad mind and lofty ideals.
Reading can help us to make friends, expand their social circle, by reading books, we can find like-minded friends, we can talk together on the ground, happily comfortable, make reading becomes a good tool for us to make friends.
Reading can improve our own content, improve our overall quality, by reading, we can not only learn to solve real-life problems, but also to increase even more outstanding for their literary atmosphere, so we virtually temperament.
I think it is equally important to read though and practice, but reading will make us better foundation for the practice, so I think that much more to get read.
I'm a new in my college.So I'm curious about all of my college.College life is a new and different experience for me.This makes me excited and hopeful.
When I first come into my college,I felt relaxed and free atmosphere there.I'm aware of my college life will be wonderful from now.Many friendly people around me to talk with.Although I must do anything by myself in college life,it gives me a sense of responsibility and makes me more independent.I come into contact with fancy and bold idea and appreciate them.I expected I will be a better man gradually.
Despite I just started my college life,I enjoyed it brought something to me.I think it's really colorful and challenging.I'm fond of it.
Today we had a discussion about whether the listening test should be cancelled in the National College Entrance Examination.
Opinions are divided on this issue.
Some of the students hold an idea that the listening test shouldn't be cancelled.
We can't ignored that listening is one of the language basic skills.
In addition, it's listening that can be regarded as one of the most significant ways to achieve information.
What's more, as the international cooperation becoming more and more common, the ability of listening and speaking should be developed much better.
Other students, however, think quiet differently.
It's unfair that sound result can't be the same in each place.
What's worse, the level of English teachers and the quality of listening equipments also have many differences.
Besides, not everyone should communicate with foreigners in the future, so it's not essential for everyone to get the listening ability.
In modern society, the ways of communication has increasingly changed.
As we can see, network communication has become a very significant way of communication.
This phenomenon has aroused hot discussion.
Some people do think that communication on the Internet can lead to severe consequences.
They give the reason that network communication can cause security problems.
While some other people just in the opposite side.
They hold the view that it is very convenient for us to make friends efficiently.
As far as I am concerned, the disadvantages of network communication weigh the advantages.
For one thing, it may occupy the time of chatting with friends face to face.
As we all know, eye contact plays a very important role in communication.
For another thing, the more we communicate on the Internet, the quicker we may become offish.
In brief, we should strike a balance between the virtual world and real life.
Everyone can achieve his own success and make his dream come true.But the successful person in my heart is Yang Lan, a famous reporter in China.
I admire Yang Lan not only because of her hard-working and determination but also owing to her optimism and never giving up.
She sought her success by her years'of efforts.In general speaking, she would do lots of work before she interviewed a person.For example, if she would interview a successful businessman, she would read all kinds of books about his life and experiences.
Then she would seek more information related with his business and size up the situation of the market.
Besides, she would ask his friends and workmates for help to have a better understanding of his charactors,hobbies,and so on.Well-prepared,she would list the useful questions in order and think of his responce as well as the methords to deal with it.
Of course, the accident that would happen to take place should also be taken account.
Being ready to interview,she would behave confidently,which would do good to her interview.So there is no doubt that she would finish her task successfully.
She has interviewed many Well-known people.Most of them speak highly of her and phrase her efforts.
I think she is doing everything by heart and is determined to do her best.
So nothing can hold back her success and she will never give up too.
What's more, she can never be satisfied and is always trying to do much better ,which makes her go far instead of being in the same spot and not improving.I think she sets a good example to the young today.
It is reported that many famous sites raises tickets prices in peak months.
In my opinion, the official reasons-to limit the number of the tourist and to avoid some unnecessary security issues, and the like-are unconvincing.
It is true that there are too many tourists in peak months; nevertheless you cannot control the quantity of people just by raising prices.
More and more people prefer to travel in various places in their holidays.
Higher fees of tickets cannot change their minds to go to famous sites, because sometimes it is once in a life time for them to visit these sites.
In stead of not to go, they will pay higher fees to travel companies.
So they can earn more money during this time.
While some useful ways can still be used, authorities can set a specific number of tourists.
For instance, one site just gives out 200 tickets per day.
This method is much more effectively.
As for the security issues, some protection facilities are needed and more warning signs are also necessary.
Some people do not care about how much the ticket is, so no matter how high the price is, they will pay for it.
Raising tickets prices cannot limit the number of tourists.
There is no doubt about that security facilities should be equipped.
Above all, raising prices of famous sites can be seen as the altisonant reasons for higher profits.
We should take some effective ways to protect the place of historical interest.
With the progress of society , the great majority products were produced .And nowadays, people are more pay attention to the brand effect of the products .The phenomenon of pursuring the brand effects are common especially among the unversity students.
Towards this situation ,most of the people are disagree with it .
As far as I'm concerned ,I'm stay neutral attitude on this issue .
ideas with themselves ,it will cause the negative influence .
and will waste much money.
To myself ,I believe that we should follow our own heart and have the judgment about it instead of following suit .
Futher more ,when we want to buy something but expensive ,we should consider the purchase ability that we have .
In recent years, the excessive use of packages has become quite a serious problem in China.
As for the reasons of excessively packaging, there are many factors contributing to it.
It is conceivable that the excessive packaging has mainly arisen from the two following factors.
For one thing, people in mounting numbers are inclined to send a variety of gifts to their relatives and friends, especially during the holidays, and decorated gifts sometimes are a symbol of good taste.
For another, the dealers are in the purpose of making more money by packaging the products to the largest extent.
Taking all the above-mentioned factors into consideration, it is quite urgent for us to take effective measures to cope with it.
We consumers should basically concentrate more on the quality of the commodities rather than the packages; meanwhile, the government should also put restrictions on the excessive packaging.
Only in this way can we guarantee the harmonious development of the market as well as ourselves.
Mother, a holy word to me, stands for an ordinary and great woman, who is willing to dedicate all her time and energy to her children.
As it is what a so great love a mother gives to her children.
These lines always echo in my ears every time I remind the stories between my mother and me.
To begin with, my mother, neither a star nor a millionaire, is just a common middle-aged woman, while she, as far as I am concerned, is a great woman who shows her selfless devotions to my life without anything in return.
Like: putting up with the agony of the childbirth, she took me to this world and gave me a pure and dynamic life; bearing my naughtiness and bad behaviors, she patiently brought me up and meticulously educated me to be a useful talent.
All above that she did for me would be kept in my mind forever.
Time flows back into the past.
On that rainy night, as if all the sky filled up with rain, my mother was frightened by the terrible news that a bad cold struck me for I was caught in the rain.
She was so hurry that she forgot what she should do; however only one thing that she remembered was sending to the hospital as fast as she could.
She holding her poor child in her arms tightly struggled to run towards the hospital.
At that time, there was no rain in her world, and there was only my mother's love in my world.
I appreciate that I have such a great mother who loves me so much.
In return, I hope I can give her my love and make her happy every day.
Recently, wheather smoking should be banned in public places has become a public concern, which the government paid much attention to.
Many public places banned smoking in recent years in order to create a better environment for people.
However, some smoker have become worried because they cannot give up smoking easily.
They have to smoke some time to relax themselves.
In my opinion, we need to consider the feeling of both the public and the smoker.
If we want to ban smoking in one public place, we should at least provide a separate room for those smokers.
Meanwhile, we must appeal to the smokers to realize the endanger of smoking and help them cut out the bad habit.
If so, the problem faced by the society will be solved in no time.
New year's Eve of every year, every family will stick Spring Festival couplet.
The whole family will eat dinner in the evening.
No matter how far , people always try every means do home to enjoy dinner together.
After the dinner , family sit together to watch spring festival party of CCTV.
Parent or grandparent give money to their children, and encourage them to make a batter mark.
Some parent put the money under pillow when their child asleep.
Luck money to be new year gift represent two things : it hope child grow up safely in a new year, other is to add up the holiday spirit.
My favorite place is the Dongbei.Because it will snow in the winter.I like snowing,I like drifting on the hand.
It is very romantic but I never been to there.I hope can go there again.
I have figured out 2 ways to bridge the generation gap.
As far as I am concerned,it is of great necessity for you to appreciate what your parents do.So if your parents do not allow you to do some specific things,you should give up your own idea in a way and come to think of whether you have done something wrong.
On the other hand,as for the parents,they should know that it is common for adolescents to protest them for the kids have a different and creative style to think about things.Thus,do not just abuse them when they are against you,which may destroy the relationship between you and them.Moreover,in order to promote relationship with their sons and daughters,they should promote friendship with them first.For the purpose of getting more information from their sons or daughters,parents try reading their diary which may bring about some unexpected consequences.
Last but not least,parents should talk with their teachers and friends frequently so as to know more about them.
To sun up,children and parents should communicate with each other to solve problems.
With the development of economy and society ,people have to speed their steep to work hard ,in order to stop them from losing thire work ,meanwhile ,people meet worse problem ,that is stress.we should know ,serious stress may harms our daily life,there are some tips I think out to help reducing stress.
First of all ,you should do your own business better instead of paying more attention on others.Differeni people have different ways to finish their jobs ,so do you ,If you can finish you own work on time and you enjoy your work very much ,that's all.
For example,Sometimes you do nothing wrong but you boss angry with you ,this position may makes you feel uncomfortable and you even want to fight with his/her,please don't do this ,you will make the thing worse.You shoulg ask few hours to leave and walk out ,in my poinion ,nature will clear you mind and help you make better choice .If you find you can't solve your stress problem, you can find your friends and your family numbers .You can talk with them about your stress ,they are the people who know you very much ,behind them ,they don't mind how weak you are ,what they mind is how to help you ,according to communicate with them ,you will find you have so many people loving you ,your can share your stress with them ,you will become a happy person .But if you find you can't control your stress any more even under normal ways ,you must konw that your problem may more serious ,you should see psychologists immediately.
In order to keep your mental health, please solve your problem quickly!Keep away from stress.
Air pollution has created a lot of serious problems.
Nowadays,it is so serious that it has increasingly become the focus of our attention.
Because ithas influenced our daily life,whic.
may do much harm to our health or even kill us.secondly,all the time,the cars are releaing huge amounts of waste gases into the atmosphere.
As colloge students, we should have a strong sense of protecting our enviourment.
we are supposed to undertake the responsibility to lead a low carbon lifestyle.
In this holiday, I experienced the to do farm work.
Have the crops in the home, to the autumn harvest season home very busy.
At half past six in the morning, my mother, my brother and I have been working in the field, grandma at home cooking for us.
Father also joins us in the afternoon, we are loading, pull the corn home.
In the last few days, I feel that parents of hard difficult and tired, they silently pay for us, just hope we better.
Also felt the joy of loved ones, the home a member is much more a lot of joy.
From:Amy@myself.
How are you?I want to check details for an event next week with my two assistants.I have booked the room202 for the event.Please to confirm that the schedule with security.One participant will be late because he must deal with something recently.Please wait a while at that time.
See you soon.
As is vividly showed in the table ,it tells us that more and more college students taking part-time jobs ,in the 1990s, there nobody taking part-time jobs ,but a rapidly growth 58% in 2010s.
Why there so many students taking part-time jobs at their study time ,it has following reasons,the most important reason is obvious,they were too much spare time by their own ,the class is too short ,many students can't find interesting thing to do,but playing computer game in dormitory.as time passes,they would rather do some part-time job than play games,and they could get money from jobs.The second reason is also important.Along with the social development,the employer is more and more high demand to students.they prefer someone who have experienced,and now supply greater than demand ,so many students do part-time jobs to win experience and to get job offer.
In general .Some students can rich their life ,but most of them delayed university courses of study because part-time job,I think it is not worth ,as a student ,our duty is study well,only after good study can we work well.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
On one hand, some students think the high school students can access information via the Internet and broaden their horizons.
They can communicate with each other.
They think the Internet can help them exchange their ideas and share happiness or sadness with others.
Of course, they also think the Internet can let them feel relaxed after the busy school life.
On the other hand, a number of students hold a negative attitude towards the viewpoint that means students should get online frequently.
They think that if students get online frequently, the computer screen may let them have a poor eyesight.
And they will indulge in chatting and playing computer games.
As a result, they will waste time and energy.
In my opinion, I think that the high school students can get online for something valuable.
But not spend too much time playing games or chatting.
In order to protect our eyes, we'd better not watch computer screen for a long time.
That's all my opinion.
So now let me tell you something about the Spring Festival.
As it known to all, the Spring Festival is very necessary to all the Chinese, which can be regarded as the most important day in the whole year.
Before the Chinese New Year, we usually put up the couplet on the wall, which is beautiful and has nice meanings.
Above all, we enjoy eating dinner with relatives on the night before the Spring Festival, which deepen the affection between family members.
On the first day of the Spring Festival, we like eating dumplings, which is the symbol of traditional Chinese New Year.
What's more, we always fire the firecracker, which might be the most interesting activity to every young people.
So much, if you want to learn more, please write to me soon.
I become a college student for a week.
I'm still excited now.
I have four years as a college student.
And I have many wishes about my college life.
First I want to learn more professional skills before I graduate form my university.
In fact, if I want to earn more money to give my family a better life I should study harder from now.
To be honest I even want to win a scholarship.
So studying hard always comes first for me.
In addition in my spare time I wish I can make all kinds of friends.
I'm a little shy but I'm full of curiosity about contacting more different person.
If possible I hope I can be a healthy one.
Running everyday is very difficult but I want to insist on doing it to gain a good body.
Making hopes is a beautiful thing.
However achieving them is exact difficult.
So my last hope is that I won't regret when I graduate form my university.
Nowadys,the college students is becoming excessive.The college students is not a gold than before.So be college students I must make plan to prepare for the future so that we can get a good job even a great life.
Today we have a university life for about half a year.And we have far away form high school.We are an adult not a child.Our teachers do not force us to do so much homework,and never look at us anytime and anywhere.So we must know what things I should do and what time I should do something about my study.We have duty to manage us and control myself.
Not only like that but also we should spend our spare time to make friends.In everywhere,people need friends.We can share some happy things with them.Even when we are in a terrible state he can put out his hands and help us get aways from there.Some old people say:''if you are away from home you can rely on you friends.Maybe when we are get into society we also need friends' help.
In the back of chinese culture,the result of study is important.So many employers look it very important.So we should try our best to make our study better and better.We should listen carefully in class.And we should do homework conscientiously.If we do that we can improve my study.
We are not children any more we have duty to think about our employment and future.
The article of this chapter mainly talk about investment in Europe, and it focus on American venture capital firms blend Silicon Valley style investing into the local culture.
For early stage investments, setting up offices locally is paramount.
This can help entrepreneurs build their business, stay in touch with local markets and develop a feeling for the local culture.
Meanwhile, if one firm wants to invest in Europe, it would better look for people with analytical background, the experience of US investment style and a deep understanding of European culture.
Most of the American VCs target the European market with a dedicated fund.
And partners responsible for the European operations normally have full responsibility for approving investment in Europe.
The current market downturn and the prospect of some years of extremely modest growth have pushed investors in a more somber mood with the consequence that there is no pressure to rush into deals.Now the European venture capital industry is still small compared to US, but it is steadily growing, with plenty of money, a web of contracts and deep understanding of cultural, political and institutional issues.Although European is on the right track to create the right culture for venture capital, there are still some obstacles that need to be removed.
But we should still be optimistic about the future of investment in European.
I'm Gina.
I'm tidy.
My hat and quilt are on the bad.
My schoolbag is on the left of the sofa.
My keys and radio are on the desk.
My pencil box is in my schoolbag.
My notebook is under the tape player.
I have a clock.
It's on the table.
My books are in the bookcase.
My ruler is on the book.
I like my room.
Everyone ought to graduate from school,which means everyone should grow up and step into the society one day,step into a cruel but a real world.To graduate is to take a step forward,to move onward.However,I'm so shamed that I haven't ever contemplate what kind of person I intend to be.For the sake of seeking for myself,I will imagine I in 2022.
Ten years after,I am a 32-year-old young lady,married or not,which rely on the fate.Starting from the innermost,I sincerely hope to have a happy family,a warm shelter.The man who establishes the family with me is my predestined prince charming.Sometime we are so stubborn about doing things on our own that we are don't ask others for help,we may regard it as being weak so we prefer independence.All that we consider about the reality is too simple to deal with everything smoothly by ourselves.Fortunately,the presence of this person who have the same concept of value with me and take care of me in a family way will bring to life the dawn,like a god-send present.We have a lively and lovely child that I promise to spare no effort to protect and cherish him or her,as my parents all through do for me.Meanwhile my parents are getting old bit by bit,It is high time that I had the responsibility and obligation to attend them in turn and let them enjoy the happiness of a family union.
In 2022,I will become a civil servant like my parents,they are whom I proud of so much.Though this kind of stable life style is what I really need,it does not mean that I am just pursuit of a comfort and make no progress.In fact,if you don't find any challenge to your life,you won't have motivation and anxiety to development.I indeed believe the fact that,a simple job is as well filled with uncertainty and challenge.Thus doing well every barbee is the only way which must be passed approaching to success.Besides,I will extremely appreciate it if there being a harmonious office atmosphere,so that the colleague and I can cooperate merrily and manage to make a contribution to the unit we are working for.
Well then,how is my mental world?Apart from family and career,it is of importance to recognize and understand myself.Therefore,consideration must come first,then I ought to get down to hearing the voice from the cockles of my heart.A positive mind is supposed to develop,as this would be useful when I face challenge along the way.Through this type of mind,I will be able to continue with my life no matter how tough the situation is.I always find a reason to be happy,which will fuel me to go on further and further until I reach my destination.Attitude decides on destiny and step forward never stop.I still need to at times remind myself not to be in a rush and make good preparations before action,that is,to plan overall course of action in advance.Create a goal that I am ready to bet my life on and make sure it is specific,attainable and time limited.In this way,I can be successful in search of personal growth.
On the journey to find true self and achieve my full potential,I sometimes get into hard times inevitably.Whereas we must never lose any hope for the future,which will help me to achieve personal growth in any phase of life.What I have deeply believed is that,in 2022,I will possess of life which I really long for via all my endeavour.
Today,more and more bad habits cause damage to our health.Most of students have some bad habits like sleep too late and spend more time on game than study and waste much money to go shopping and so on.
In my opinion,we should have a more health life style.In other words,we should change some bad habits and form good habits.If we can do like this,not only give us a good heath but also could influence our friends surrounding us.But it's difficult to get rid of the bad habits that we have made.It make me feel tough to change the sleeping habit.I couldn't have a good sleep if i go to bed before 12 o'clock in the evening.So i attempt listening English songs while want to sleep.TO tell you the truth,it's really a good method.You can have a try if you have same problem.
Confirmly we will have many problems in our way make a change to the bad habits.I believe we will gain a success in our group process as long as spend energy and time.Come on everbody , we can!
With the development of technology,the number of people that use computers increase rapidly,and computers are used everywhere.Some people think that the introduction of computers into classroom will change the traditional way of teaching and learning.As is seen to me,computers will never replace teachers as it have some disadvantages.
First,computer is machine which have no its own ideas.After all,computer is made by human beings.So its thought is limited and single which can not put forward opinions appropriately.While teachers'thoughts are usually flexible and useful.Second,compare with computers,teachers can lead us into the right way of study and live.What computers can tell us is just the right or wrong we did.Teachers can give us more help on emotional.What's more,we are good at communicating with real people rather than the machine.So it's hard for us to face with computers all day and communicate with it.
In one word,although computers are useful to our study,we should just look it as the tool that can offer help to us.Teachers are the most important people in our life.So computers will never replace teachers.
The picture tell us the little girl show her school life on blog.At present,more and more people are happy to show their information on the Internet.The internet are very popular around us like everything else.
But it also has advantages and disadvantages.
Internet is benefit to us.Firstly,we can express our information very fast.The second,we can get many new messages we need or interested.Also,it is convenient to us,we can easily get news at home and communicate with others.We cannot leave it.
But it also have negative aspect.Sometimes,we cannot finish a thing by ourselves.Some people are becoming lazier and lazier.The Interpersonal Communication is likely to be bad.
As far as I am concerned,we need Internet.
High technology play an important role in our society now.But we also should keep touch with our family and friends closely.
For them,we can change a way to show our love.In a word,we can get news by Internet,but we should show our concerns by words or actions.I hope everybody can find a balance to deal with it.At last,I believe deeply,Internet will have a bright future.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.I'm afraid I can't go to the airport to meet you,I can take you to W mountain, there is a mountain water, there is the zoo, are you sure you'll like it.
Can also mountain climbing, exercise the body, look at the beautiful scenery, you can also see many lovely animals.I can take you to eat delicious snacks, in lanzhou is one of the most famous beef noodles, make skin, of course, potato chips, lily, honey melon.
Are delicious .As for the second day, I can take you to the waterwheel park, this is also the symbol of lanzhou.
We welcome you for your enquiry and thank you for your interest in our export commodities.
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.Also under separate cover, we are sending you some samples which will show you clear the quality and craftsmanship.
We trust in that when you see them you will agree that our products appeal to the most selective buyer.
We allow a proper discount according to the quantity ordered.As the terms of payment we usually require Letter of Credit payable by sight draft.
Thank you again for your interest in our products.We are looking forward to your order and you may be assured that it will receive our prompt and careful attention.
Are you hurried to go bookstores to buy books you want?Are you worried that you can't buy the newly-published books?Are you anxious that you take lots of books to study room?Now,all these things can be solved with the emergence of e-book.
There are two kinds of e-book.One is the machine which is dedicated to reading online books.It is convenient to carry and use.It has big space room.You can order books based on your interests or needs.It is also easy to search the content you want to see.It is no backlighting and doesn't hurt your eyes.What's more ,the feeling you read by e-book is similar to that of traditional books.
The other one is what makes the content into electronic versions and then puts them on the Internet for sale.It can reduce the cost of books.It is easy to buy.
you just enter the online bookstores and buy books with few clicks of mouse.In addition,it saves paper and reduce the burden of The earth and the amount of cutting down woods so that reach the real meaning of protection and low carbon.
In my opinion,with the spreading of PC and improvement of network technology,e-book can replace the position of traditional books.E-book will bring new way of reading in network's age.
oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.oh my god.
As the pace of life in today's grows ever faster, we see forever on the go.
Cellphones become more and more popular to people and we use them every day even every hour.
I can't imagine that if cellphone was switched off what would I do.
But if it was true I think I'm as usual, maybe life will be boring than before.
Without cellphone, I may spend more time in reading especially my textbook, because my grade is not good enough and it means I can't find a good job, I must work-hard.
For me, the cellphone is used to call somebody and entertainment, if there was no cellphone I would play ping pang ball and volleyball.
I think it's also interesting.
I usually have no time to play sports but spend some time in playing games.So sports are the second choice I would choose.
If my cellphone was switched off, the biggest change was I'll sleep early.
In fact, most people included me are used to playing mobile phone before we fall in sleep though it hurts eyes so much.
It's a bad habit but we can't cut it out,maybe this is attraction of cellphone.
Although the day without cellphone is boring, healthy and meaningful are also on the corner.
Lots of students take part in many different kinds of activities.I like drawing so I take part in the drawing activities every Tuesday and Friday.It's very happy for me to darw with my friends and improve my drawing skill.At this moment,I like football very much.I play football every Monday.It makes me keep illness away.I like English films very well.If I finish my homeworrk at the weekends,I will watch some English films.My English becomes better and better since I watched English films.
Above all,interests is the best teacher.But remember to choose the right activities and not to carzy about it.
Reading, on a person's growth and learning is very useful.
The book contains many philosophy and life value.
Is the so called: live and learn.
Knowledge is to learn.
A book, with our growth, broaden our horizons.
A man without learning, witout reading, leave the books, more from knoeledge.
Whenever I read every book, I will feel knowledge bring me unlimited power.
Every book is worth us to appreciate, it is worth us to explore, is worth us to learn more.
Unconsciously, we grow in learning, we in the ocean of knoeledge is permeated with endless happiness.
I hope everyone like reading books.
About this sentence that beliefs are self-fulfilling prophecies, I can get two ideas from it.
The first one, belief is living in our hearts where it give us powerful strength.
The second one, belief is the most essential step for us if we intend to make the grade.
The beliefs can make us do something all the while until we succeed in one thing.
In the other words it is said that belief is persistence.
As for me, I believe that a man can succeed at almost anything for which he was unlimited enthusiasm from this sentence.
I think, only own the beliefs can we get much enthusiasm and only preside the beliefs do we make the grade.
As the motto says, the drop of rain makes a hole in the stone, not by violence, but by of falling and belief.
John Ruskin had said that living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.
Nevertheless I need to say, but for beliefs I have no use of life's aim.
I hope that we can have a right belief so that we can be able to be on the way to success.
Last year,my parents had gone to Qinghai to have a meeting,but I could not leave school for about two weeks.
So I could only live on my own.
I was so happy at first because my parents always order me to do something who I do not want to do,I could do anything I want to du as soon as they leaved home.
I played the computer games until midnight at the first day.
But I was not woking up on time and I hurried to school without breakfast.
And the worse thing is that I forgot my homework.
In the afternoon,I want to make something to eat but I had burned it.
I found that it is hard to live without parents.I hoped my parents can be back soon at that time.
If you ask me which country I mostly want to go, I will tell you Switzerland.
Of course, I would like to share with you the reason why I choose it.
Switzerland situated in Central Europe covers an area of 41,000 square kilometers, with a population of 750 million people.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland, and another famous city, Geneva, also is located in Switzerland.
Besides, Austria, France, Italy as well as Germany are around it.
On the other hand, because of its attractive scenery, it is known as the world's garden.
What's more, Switzerland has a developed industry.
It is clearly that I am fond of the various cultures in Switzerland.
Even if we have a glorious future, we also have come from the stress of life.
For example, the inauguration of the pressure, academic stress, social pressure.
But we can't give up life because of all kinds of pressure.
Above of all, I want to know why we have much pressure.
As far as I know, pressure is a force out.
For example, as a student, I should have learned in relaxed surroundings.
But parents always hope we can be admitted to a university, which is better than others.
However, we fail to live up to the expectations of parents and stressful.
This is one of pressure, and another is working pressure.
Ever year, some college students find it difficult that find a suitable job, which they want.
That is why college students have serious pressure.
This is my introduction to pressure.
In a word, this is the main stress.
Meanwhile, we should come up with idea to the pressure.
First, you can do what you want to do.
Second, you can listen to music and talk with friends or parents.
Three, you can go to a quiet place where can release pressure.
As far as I am concerned, I like the last method.
This is my opinion.
In organizing class activities,we may have different opinions.Although a few people should respect the opinions of the majority,I consider it is necessary that put forward different views when I am covinced that is better than others.
In modern society, sometimes it is not what most people think is right.
The truth is often in the hands of a few people.
When we can think out of others, we should be bold and try to convince you that this view tends to make it more perfect.
Once we were discussing where to go for an outing.
Most of my classmates wanted to go to a park while I had an idea of going to a nicer place.
I managed to persuade my classmates into accepting my idea.
We did have a good time that day .
Good opinions are worth sticking to because they can benefit us all.
The summer job is a tradtion among students of universities.
Long berfore the end of the school year,students begain their search for jobs during vacation.
Students send letters to businesses,talk to employers about job oppor tunities during the summer,and ask friends and relatives to be on the lookout for jobs for them.
by june the students have usually solved the problem and begin to make preparations for leaving their books to enter the business world.
reasons for wanting a summer job are different frpm student to student.Some work to help pay their school expenses;others work to gain experience in their chosen profession;still others work just for the fun of it.
Typist,construction worker,salesman,lifegurad,and waiter these are some of the more common jobs that students try to find during the summer months.But many young people find work that is a little more unusual.
Credit card is a common occurrence in our lives today.Different people take different attitudes towards it.
Some people are inclined to use credit card for the following reasons.Fistly, Go out shopping can need not take a lot of cash , safe and convenient .Secondy,consume frist,hind payment ,can need no to borrow money.
thirdly, Integral can take gifts.
However , others people say credit card is very bad, because we are easy to form the habit of spending money.Extended repayment interest is very high.If exceeds the time limit is at his reputation effect.
If you sak me my for opinion, I may say that I am crazy about credit card.Frist of all, I was very careless ,shopping often forget take change.
Futher more , sometimes money out on when not to worry in the short time can't get the money.Finally, Debt still owe only thing is, as long as I within the time prescribed on the money, will not have to worry about will affect our credit.My personal experience certainly drives me to choose credit card.
In the past, People's only had a self-reliant sort of life.They do some housework all day and eat normal food ,their medicine condition also very poor and they go out have no bus.But now,our standard of life become more well and very fashion.
Nowadays, we needn't do housework all day and eat some food, we have high quality medical and good medicine conditions, so that many people have lots of bad habits.For example, some people do some excise instead of eating food to keep slender, most people go out by bus instead of walking, and some people shopping on the internet instead of going out to shopping.
In a word, our life has more changes, we also become more happiness and entertain, this change all rely on science development.
The summer vacation had come round again.
I was happy that I could forget about school at least for a while.
Lest I fool around all through this summer vacation, I made a plan as to how to spend it.
First, I thought I should go over all those things my teachers taught in the previous term so that I could have a better understanding of them.
Then I thought I should take up some forms of exercise, such as walking, running and rowing, to keep me physically strong.
It stood to reason that with such a good plan I should make the best of my vacation time.
I did, because I lived up to what I had planned.
The some people think of course.
Some people say the name is vital to a person because it can decide whether a person will be successful or not in the future .
other people hold the opposite opinion that names do not matter .
the person is successful or not is up to his own deligence.
my parents want to left me fly like dapeng .
I wan't to change my name because my parents love me and name indicate the long history and culture and express our good whishes for our life and future.
I thing take mistakes is right .
Because mistakes can help you realise what is wrong with you .Ithink no one can finish things without mistakes ,for exanple.
Whenthe text will come,some teachers always let us do some examinations, many studengs will copy to finish it ,if you make too many mistakein it.Do not worry.Do not afraid .Because these mistakes can help you learn more about of the text .
So,I think take mistakes is very useful Do not be afraid of making mistakes.
Failure is the mother of success.making mistakes are normal.Do not give up.
Because mistakes can help you grow up.
Many parents think that it is important for their childs to finish homework without mistakes.
So ,the students want to copy for getting more points.
I think these parents are wrong.
A report about banning smoking in public places was announced by Chinese Government.
And this decision aimed to keep indoor public places with no smoke.
Besides, it would be carried out on 1st January 2011 in China.
Also, the survey showed that 75% of the smokers were male, 25% of the smokers were female and China had about 3.5 hundred million smokers in all.
Badly, about 5.4 hundred million people were influenced by second-hand smoke and more than hundred thousand of the people died of second-hand smoke one year.
We are pleased to inform you that our Sales Confirmation No.J-29 have already packed in the ZhenZhu vessel.And it transport by May Flower in Hong Kong.This contract is according to clinch a deal with cost and carriage.we have sent to you by fax On March 15, in 2013.In order to you can take out an insurance policy in time.
We look forward to your early confirmtion and hope to establishing a long business relationship with you.
Brave,act quickly,clever and command,all these are the qualities of hero.When we see these,we will find it hard to be a hero.But I think everyone can become a hero.To be a hero,just need one thing--compassion and respect for life.
When we have compassion and respect for life,no matter what happens,we will have much courage.It will dominates our brain and body to do something quickly.
So we just have compassion and respect for life,everyone can be a hero.
As a recent survey shown that an increasingly overwhelming number of college students download papers form the Internet to finish their assignments.People hold the view that the disadvantages far outweigh the advantages.
To some extent,this kind of academic dishonesty is not beneficial to the improvement abilities of finishing one's assignment independently.The harmful effects for this are as follows:In the first place,it is detrimental to the growth of a college student.Without thinking,college students copy other people's achievement from the Internet straightly to deal with their assignments.This kind of dishonest behavior will exert negative effects on their future.It is meaningless for them to enter college,for they didn't acquire the ability to study independently while they download papers to solve the trouble with doing the assignments.In the second place,it does harm to the development of the nation.Downloading papers from the Internet is the same as not innovation.That is,the nation will be on the edge if every student just know how to download papers when doing his assignments.
From what has been mentioned above,we can come to the conclusion that both college and students themselves should take measures to solve this problem.As far as college is concerned,college should establish some rules to ban this kind of academic dishonesty.Once found,the student will get punishment and not be permitted to exceed three times.For students,they should cultivate an awareness of focusing time and energy on thinking not downloading the papers from the Internet without thinking.
Hello,my name is X,I am 18 years old,I'm from T city,Hubei province.The city is very beautiful and I like it very much.I am not outgoing but I am very lovely.My hobbies are listening to music and reading,I like folk songs very much,I dislike sport because I'm not strong,I like math,because it's interesting,but I can't do it well.
I have a happy family,a beautiful school and many good friends,I enjoy every day.I'm very happy and I like to make friends with others.I'm trying to be a perfect girl.
My favorite place at shool is the reading room because it is very big and bright.
There are also a lot of useful books newspapers and magazines there.
I like reading books and magazines there because they not only provide me with much knowledge but also help me learn a lot about what is happening around the person in the books.
I can also relax myself in the reading room when i feel tired and unhappy thereading room is the best place to go to reading helps meforget all my troubles in the world reading room isthe place i like best.
As we can see in the picture,a butcher has sold some meat to a woman.The butcher delighted to selling meat with water while the woman thinks that a false 100-yuan note used.
The people deceptive with each other.They want to earn more profit for themselves.All of them become dis-honesty.They forget how to live with others correctly.I hope everyone can be honest to do everything.
In my opinion,the honesty is vital in the daily life.the honesty,which is a good virtue,can make our life more and more meaningful.Friendship is the foundation upon honesty.Everyone is found of fitting in well with the honesty friends.
Honesty is the best policy.We are supposed to keep this quality forever.
I have just heard that one of my classmates was laughed at because he didn't use microlog.
For one thing, microblog has created a stage where information can spread at a high speed.
Living in a quick fix society, debris information is more suitable for reading than extended passages, microblog keep its pace with the current trend.
Nevertheless, it fully satisfies our needs for expressing ours and communicating in today's society.
For another, everyone has his own opinion on how to convey his feelings and emotions, and microblog happens to provide people with a personalized way to self-expression.
It is microblog that makes a Joe Blow able to participate in a topic which a large scale of people concern about.
To summarize, microblog offers ordinary people a chance to make a voice, that's why there are so many microblog users.
Hello,supervisor,it is really a greate honor to have this opportunity to introduce myself.
My name is S. I am from X.It is really a fantacy place.
People here are very friendly and helpful.
There are also some places of interests in my hometown.
I love it and hope that you can visit it someday.
I am a new college student here.,and I have some problems with the internet connection in my dormitory.
You know ,we are new college students here.We do not know our college very well.We should ofen know our colege by the internet.
Due to the needs of college courses, we should download course resources from the internet.
When we are in free time ,we always chat online .It is not convent if we have some problems with internet connection.My parents and classmates will miss me very much .
Above all,I suggest that school should pay attention to our new college students , and fix the problems for us .Last but not least ,school should creat a good studying atmosphere for our new college students.That is all.
Thank you.
I'm the president of Students' Union.My name is H.This weekend,I will organize some students to take part in an outdoor activity.And I hope you could come.Studying at school laies more and more stress on us,so an outdoor activity will help us get close to nature and relaxed ourself.We can also take exercise.Only to do exercise frequently can make ue strong.
The meeting time is 7:30 and we will get toghter at the school gate.It will start at 8:00 and come to an end at 11:00.What's more,it is GM Farm which is 2 kilometers away that we will go to.Planting vegetables and watering flowers are included in teh activity.
If you could come,I will appreciate it very much.
With the spread of global knowledge and information, reading has become a popularity in every person's life.
In the current time of fierce competition, most people set higher and higher standards for themselves.
In order to acquire more update information, some people would like to read to abundant their horizon so that they are able to grasp every opportunity of self-improvement.
For another people, reading just acts as a way to spend their leisure time, in which people are capable of keep them pleasure, as well as fills their life with colours.
While some people such as middle or senior high school students say that reading is just as a task which is required to accomplish by teachers and parents so as to keep their rhythm with the times to avoid the future shock.
During the World War II British Prime Minister Wiston Churchill led the Britsh men to achieve great victory of anti-fascist war.
Churchill, Stalin and Roosevelt are called as the "Big Three" in the world.
He is one of the great men in the annals of the world.
Churchill was born in a prominent aristocratic family.
The great political achievement of his ancestors, the glory of the family and political traditions no doubt brings a great impact on Churchill's whole life and has a key role in the process of the growth of the UK Prime Minister.
His ancestors not only provide a model for Churchill, but also to cultivate his sense of historical responsibility of the motherland.
Speech not only brings him a young MP's reputation,but also makes him alive in the World War I and regains the role in 1920s.
Speech enables him to carry out the independable movement against the policy of appeasement in the second World War, combines the freedom forces in the war and plays the role of a statesman.
He was able to use speech as well as his own visual personality to pour in people and events completely.
His speech has unique and solemn features.
He used unparalleled and eloquent speech to express noble expression.
No matter how important about his speech, his speech was not just the trend, he was speaking for future generations.
Under the premise of the eradication of fascism, Churchill advanced that any one whose country in cahoot with Hilter was our enemies.
Churchill extremely hated the appeasement, including his political opponents-former Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain.
Soviet Union was the victim of appeasement in 1940, it left Germany invade Poland in order to keep its own peace.
However, the result was that it lost in undeclared war with Germany.
Then Churchill proposed "It follows therefore that we shall give whatever help wa can to Russia and the Russia people.
", we can know how intelligent Churchill is, what he said is rigorous.
Churlchill treated speech as life, he poured his full emotion into speech.
The name Christmas is short for"Christ's Mass".
A Mass is a kind of Church service.
Christmas is a religious festival.
It is the day we celebrate as the birthday of Jesus.
There are special Christmas services in Christian churches all over the world.
But many of the festivities of Christmas do not have anything to do with religion.
Exchanging gifts and sending Christmas cards are the modern ways of celebrating the Christmas in the world.
The birth of Jesus had a story: In Nazareth, a city of Galilee.
The vlrgin's name was Mary was betrothed to Joseph.
Before they came together,she was found with child of the Holy Spirit.
Joseph, her husband was minded to put her away secretly.
While he thought about these things, Gabriel, an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream and told him did not be afraid to take Mary as wife.
And Mary, will bring forth a Son, and he shall call his name, Jesus, for he will save his people from their sins.
Before Jesus births.
Joseph and Mary came to Quintus was governing Syria.
So all went to be registered, everyone to his own city.
Joseph, also went up out of Galilee.
Out of the city of Nazareth.
In to Judea, to the city of David.
Which is called Bethlehem, because he was of the house and of the lineage of David, to the registered with Mary.
His betrothed wife, who was with child.
So it was that while they were there.
The days were completed for her to be delivered.
And she brought forth her firstborn Son.
And wrapped him in swaddling cloths.
And laid him in a manger.
Because there was no room for them in the jnn.
And that.
Christmas is the feast of Jesus.
Is on 25th, December every year.
But nobody know the actual birthday of Jesus.
And the Christmas has become popular when Christmas cards appeared in 1846 and the concept of a Jolie Santa Clauswas first made popular in nineteenth Century.
As we all know ,more and more students in college fall in love with others .But at the moment ,different poeple have different opinions on it .
Some people are strongly against campus love .Because they think that the assignment of college students is still studying .Before working ,the life of college is important ,if studying hard ,students can get much experience .Maybe after graduating ,students can get a high salary job .
On the contary,some people accept it .From where they stand ,they believe that campus love is normal .Boys or girls can get care from another one .
In my opinion ,if someone meet the proper people ,they can fall in love with each other .But if someone feel lonely to fall in love someone ,I think it is a wrong choice .To be honest ,we should study very well .
Last year, we both took part in students' language learning camp in America.
As a result,we became good friends.
I am a student from The High School Attached To Nankaiuniversity called LiJin.
During the activity, I had a good time.
It improved my English level and made me outgoing.
My school will hold a camp like yours.
We will arrange many events,such as look around the city,experience a Chinese family life and watch the Peking Opera.
You can study Chinese culture in this camp.
Many students join in this activity,so I hope you can join us.
We can play together happily like last time.
If you want to take part in it,you can call me.
I'll tell you specific situation.
I promise to wait until you come.
I will greatly appreciate a response from you at your earliest convenience.
My father is the one I love most .
In my memories,my father is the most clost man.Do you want to know the reason?I will tell you the renson.
When I was a child,my father was always playing with my brothers and me.He seems a big boy.My dad is not only my father,but also my good friend.
Because he is happy in his children to play together.If you have a such daddy you can also love your father very much.Do you think?Another reason,when I was in primary school when my father he taught me how to learn, and, taught me the basic principles of a man.Remember when I was in junior high school, at school, I made a mistake, he knew, but he did not like the other dad scolded me, but told me where I went wrong, the patience to teach me.So I love my father.
With the development of the economy, increasing of the population and people's living standard, garbage naturally is increasing day by day.
So, I think it is vital to set up a good waste sorting system.
Effective waste sorting can not only achieving waste recycling, but also causing less impact on our environment.
I believe it is significant to classify garbage in our daily life.
For example, we tend to sort our rubbish into non-recyclable waste and recyclable waste.
So, the amount of waste in the recyclable rubbish bins will be reduced greatly and it is really an effective way to utilize our resources.
In addition, we didn't need to delivery rubbish to the dump and more cost will thus be saved.
Another big advantage is that we can keep water, air and soil from being polluted by waste sorting.
Waste batteries are little and light, but its damages are great.
Waste batteries are not only bad for environment but also do harm for our bodies.
A button battery can pollute 600stere water.
So it is very necessary to sort hazardous waste.
It can make our environment more clear and beautiful.
In a word, waste is the available resources in the wrong place.
Thus, it is our duty to make a good waste classification in our life.
Recently some experts advocate that universities should take measures to make the students more aware of their moral standards.
I fully agree such viewpoints.
In the first place, improving the moral education is necessary,nowadays ,our university are too much emphasis on learning ,but they ignore the moral education.
The criminal case of Yaojiaxin reveal the serious situation of moral education.We should take some measures to improve our student is moral standards.
Secondly,university moral education is effective ,in our university ,we have Excellent resources to carrying out moral training.On the one hand,our teachers can provide students the moral model,students can feel the charm from teacher is behaviour .as we know "The power of examples is endless".on the other hand ,university can use reward and punishment to reinforce the moral behaviours.
Finally,moral education have the great signification,the undergraduate is nation is future.in the near future.they will become the elite of our country.in the other words ,their moral standards determine our nation moral standard.
Now, I will introduce myself to you.
My name is X and you also can call me Y. I'm 20 years old.
My hometown is Z.
It's really a beautiful place, where there are many friendly and warm-hearted person.
I hope that you can visit it someday.
There are five people in my family ,my grandma, my parents ,I and my older sister.
We love each other and live a harmonious life.
They are so friendly, so I think you will like them, too.
In my spare time ,I like listening to the K-POP music and watching Korean TV series.
Besides, I also like tasting much delicious food.
But I have a short-coming that I'm very lazy .Therefore; I prefer shopping on the Internet to going out and I don't like doing sports lead to weakness.
and I want to go abroad in the future because I want to travel all around the world.I think learning English is the best way to communicate with another.
Therefore, I will study harder in a new school in order to achieve my dream one day.
Even if I don't like English,but I think I will fall in love with it someday.
That's all.
Thank you for your reading.
My home is an apartment.It's very beautiful and big.
I live on the third floor.There are three bedrooms,a living room,two bathrooms and a kitchen.My bedroom is very big.There is a bed ,a TV ,a desk, a sofa and a chair.
I live in a quiet community.My community is not far from my school and the supermarket.My community is not far from the bus stop,so I often go to school by bus.
I love my home and my community.
We are from all corners of the country and we fortunately get together in this college.
So there is no doubt that we are different in a lot of aspects.
For example, the eating habits is one of the most apparent differences during the students in college.
In general, people who are come from the south of China are fond of sweet food and people who are from the north are interesting in salty food, while the west people like sour food, and most of the east people love spicy ones.
To tell the truth, it made so much time that we form these eating habits.
And so are the reasons.
Nonetheless, in my opinion, there are several major reasons.
First, it's the differences in culture.
Every nation has different culture and so as to our country.
Because we have different histories in different districts, and we have different faiths in different districts, too.
Second, climate is one of the most important reasons that can not be ignored.
In the south of China, the climate usually is mild, so people there wouldn't prefer to pungent food.
And compare to the climate in the south, the climate in the northeast is dryer , so they are fond of pungent food.
In all, the thing that students have different eating habits is something that can be understood.
But, for all words, we should develop a good eating habit.
In today's society, many of TV programme with our daily life.
So, different people have different hobbies.
For me, I'm admitted to a TV programme, this TV programme name is I'm a singer, and this is broadcast on Hunan TV.
This TV programme is beginning of the 22: 00 on Friday evening.
This TV programme is singer's competition.
In this game have 7 competitiveness singers competition.The programme group to create the programme is to prove that every singer's power.
Different singers sing different songs, the popular vote the way to determine the singer's performance.
Features of this TV programme are as follows.
Firstly, this TV programme can show singer's life skills.
Secondly, we can feel the singer's life experience, when they sing.
Thirdly, we can also feel the emotional song.
In the word, this game is to prove that singer strength programme.
Because on the one hand I can see singer's strength.
I can feel singer's power when they sing.
Of course, the singer's life experience can also show up in the song.
On the other hand I can feel singer's inner feelings, when they sing.
And I can know many things about singer'slife.
Therefore, this programme influence me, and I also like the show very much.
Nowadays, more and more television stations show a great enthusiasm about the talent show.
The TV talent show has aroused a widely response between our audience in front of the TV.
With the development of the technology and the improvement of living standard,it's natural for people to go after a different life style from the past.
When one thing grows up to be a hit, opinions must differ.
Some audience take the show as a distraction.
In contrast, others consider it to ba a source wasting.
One man's meat is another man's poison.
In my view, the TV show is absolutely a good thing that affluent our spare time.
The experts can give us the vision enjoyment.
What's more, their performance also can spirit others to achieve their own dreams.
However, too much is as bad as too little.
We expect the related organization should function well and spare no effort on sifting out the best.
Then eliminating the bad shows to spare more places for a better one.
As an ordinary audience, I am looking forward to the show of excellent quality.
The summer of junior year is actually my last relaxing summer vacation for college life.
I am going to be senior soon and it is time to think over what to do for having a good job next summer.
During this summer vacation, I spent most of time working in order to increase my working experience and earn more money as well.
I have learned how to manage finance, be patient while dealing with customers problems and arrange time well.
First, I have learned how to manage finance since I rented the house near school this summer.
I didn't take allowance from my parents after I worked.
I understood how hard my parents worked so that I wanted to be more independent and let them reduce the burden.
Living outside alone is not an easy thing as I think because I have to do everything by myself.
Now, all the prices of commodity are rising but salary.
Therefore, I separated my salary into three parts, one third for saving money, one third for living expenses and another one third for renting fee.
To reduce some of entertainment fee did help me save more money.
I hope to save and earn more money to travel in Europe after I graduate from college.
Secondly, I worked at a luxury brand company selling luxury products to many visitors and customers at Taipei 101.
Not only I have had a great working experience in such a big company but also learned how to be patient in the face of customers.
For example, when a customer had a problem with the products, being a good sales must have more patience to explain to customers and satisfied them well.
Working at service industry, customers are always prior; especially, our company sells luxury products.
I could stay calm to deal with different situation since then.
This working environment made me realize what the reality was earlier and gave me a good chance to think over my direction of working, even let me use my language skills to face more foreign visitors when they wanted to purchase products.
Three months of summer vacations is such a long time to arrange own schedule.
I did cherish my time between study and work.
At the company, each of sales got the target to achieve so I valued my working time and tried my best to make it.
During busy working time, time flied.
I felt my summer vacation was full of substances and everything was worth it when I got job satisfaction.
Besides working, I got day-off, I made a plenty of plans, such as accompanying with family more, doing exercises, going to the bookstore and read more financial news.
Spending time wisely is what I have learned for the third thing.
At present, new semester of senior year begins.
I choose more business courses to promote my ability for future.
I knew the direction clearly as well as what kind of job I could do after this summer.
The more I grew up, the more I knew how cruel the reality should be.
Thus, to do a good job, one must first sharpen one's tools.
Water is extremely precious to our human beings.
We need water everywhere in our life.
Nonetheless now the water is become worse and worse, and we can see water pollution everywhere.
Many factories pull the dirty water into rivers, and throw rubbish into the rivers, So we can't find any clean rivers anymore.
Vegetation and livestock are all dependent on freshwater resources.
This is our major food source and if it is threatened, it will challenge our survival as well.
Over drafting of groundwater causes decrease in agricultural yields.
Low agricultural yields and deaths in livestock are direct results of water pollution.
Water pollution and overuse of underground water resources truly harm biodiversity causing imbalance in nature.
As teenagers, We should try our best to stop these behaviors.
We should do from small things to protect our water .
We should save water.
Here are my advice.
Act now to save water.
First, We should remember to turn off the tap.
This will saving lots of water.
Second.
We could take a shower quickly.
Third .
It can also save water.
Songs are memories for people.
Different generations would listen to different songs.
My parents and I may have different memories in music.
Although Sweet as honey and Pain in Breath were sang in different times and listened by different ages, their ideas and targets have a great deal in common.
Sweet as Honey, by Teng L Chun, is one of those love songs coming into Chinese main land in early time, it mainly concentrates on a sweet feeling when loving a person, it doses effect the elder generation by changing their thoughts and behavior to an open style.
The same as Sweet as honey do, Pain in Breath, by Fish Leong, is red hot in china nowadays.
It targets at making people cherishing their love, which may lose painfully.
This song makes the new generation falling love to a new type of music, and had profound effects on their values and judgment.
As we all know, smoking in china is a common thing, current smoking and much younger people.According to an official survey, about 60 percent of all Chinese men over the age of 15 smoke.
So why is there more and more young people start smoking.
We can see form the following aspects to think about this phenomenon.
First of all, smoking and drinking is very necessary for many people in the chinese people's day-to-day interpersonal.
Then, many young people are the social environment or the impact of their peers as well as adults and learn to smoke.Last but not least,many young people believe that smoking is a mature performance and like the felling of the kind of puff.
However, as most of us know that smoking is harmful to health.
Therefore, in order to own and others healthy,young people should quit smoking or smoke less.
In addition, the majority of young people do not have a fixed source of income, so the smoke is not good to the development of young people.
I have a roommate,his name is Peter.
He is very focused on football, and like to play football.
One night , Peter watched a football match on the Interner .
But at that time I was going over my.lessons .
he was very excited to cheer his favourite team.
In fact , I do not like him to do so, he was so loud , and the sound of the game was more noisy.
He was also noticed that, and then he accepted my suggestion and said sorry to me.
We are gold to inform that the Order No.1-29 for the goods under sales confirmation have been shipped per S.S."Pearl ",and will be shipped S.S."May flower " in Hongkong.
The business is made on the basis of CRF.
sent the fax to you on 15 March ,2013, so that you can arrangment the relative insurance .
We are looking forward to your reply .
Today,cell phone is not strange for us.Almost every one of us has a cell phone,no mater it is perfect or not.Cell phone brings us much convenince and fun,we take it with us every where,evern when we have dinners.We use cell phone to connect with our parents and friends,to play games and so on.But it also brings us some problems.
Some people think that modern people waste too much time on the cell phone that they have no time to communicate with others face to face.And this will cause bad felling between people.
In my view,cell phone is a tool from which we can not leave in the recent society,we need cell phone.We can not turn off our cell phone,but we should use it when necessary, instead of using it every minute.
Nowdays, i really doubt whether there is someone who can live without mobile phone.
More and more people get addiction to the mobile phone,especially the young.Well, the most urgent problem which we have to face is how to fight mobile phone addiction.
First of all, we ought to make more friends in real life rather than virtual world.If we do that, we will live more real and meaningful.
We could go outside with friends even reach our common goals together.
Secondly, we should read some books instead of just refresh the micro-blog.
Not necessarily is reading, can be anything that interest us.
It would make our life not seems so boring.
Last but not least, don't take the mobile phone to our bed.
A third of the life is spent on the bed, sleep plays a vital role in our life.
Only we try to do these, has it been possible to fight against addiction to the mobile phone.From now on, don't be mastered by the mobile phone anymore, try to be the master of time!
My first memory of school is excilent.We share the same buildings with Tianjin NO.1 high school for example the gym and the swimming pool ,I can't believe it at first because our meadle school dom't have them at all.I'm looking farward to play in gym because I'm good at playing tennis.I'm glad to hear that some of the classes in our school isn't compulsory subjects for improving some skills what I want to learn.The teacher I remember the first is my chemistry teacher and we called him Mr. chen.He has a lot of knowledge and a sense of humor.My interpersonal skills is not good so I only have one friend till now.He is one of my classmates called wenzhe and we often help each other on study.
In 21century , going to college becomes more easily and common, the number of college graduates turns to incountable.
Therefore, looking for job becomes more fierce , a great number of college graduates cannot find suitable jobs,even some of them find some jobs out of relation with their majority .
There is a saying ,"when you graduates means you to out of jobs".
At the same time ,because of the different of sex ,they have different characteristics and what they good at is vary person to person, they can deal with diverse jobs.
For male, they more willing to choose jobs which looks more relaxing work,and it is unecessary that the job must be high salary, for instance, teacher,nurse ,assistant,waitress,or white-collar.
Unlike female,male under great pressure,they must support his family,so they will opt for high salary work like managerial or technical jobs.
So ,whatever the society will be ,one thing will never change is that their still exist big problems to get a job,and what we can do to aviod this kind of things is to working harder and improve our ability ,only this we can win in society competition.
In recent years,Blog is more and more popular,and so many people take advantage of Blog to speak out and exchange their ideas.
I believe that there have many reasons for Blog's popular.Firstly,Blog supports a convenient way to people to speak out freely as long as they never violate the law.People can say something that they want to,and other people can make a comment,and they can exchange their ideas.Secondly,people can ask for help in terms of Blog because there are so many human resources.Many public institutions initiate help-seeking in Blog to raise funds to help many people who need help.Much kind people can see the news and give their hands to assist those people who need help.And they can supervise the institutions' finance and make sure that people can get help.
Although Blog supports many convenient to people,Blog also has problems.For example,some people publish their personal views to attack others,and many people take advantage of Blog to violate other's privacy so that people's interests suffered,and Blog has safety problems.
There have been two small clay figurines smiling, standing on my book shelf since I was a kid.
I didn't know myself being interested in this kind of ancient art before I saw this little couple lying in a small box on the shelf of a souvenir shop.
Four Chinese characters on each one of them make up a phrase.
Although in Chinese, its deep meaning is that eternal happiness belongs to those who are knowledgeable, I prefer its frequent-connected version in English "Happiness lies in contentment ".
This sentence is not like a spell which could get rid of my tiredness physically or mentally; it's not like The Funniest Family Video which could make me laugh till my sides split.
However, when other people complain about the rain, the smile faces of these two clay figurines jump into my mind.
No, I have tried to feel the raindrop fell on my hands and breathed clean air.
No, it's just the law of nature that when the water vapor in the cloud becomes too heavy, it falls back to the ground as rain or snow.
It seems like the key of happiness is how you define enough and the key to keep being happy is how much knowledge you have.
With what I've been taught, I take it as the gift from nature so I won't feel annoyed if my clothes are dampened.
And since some poor guys who know a lot more than us have committed suicide due to melancholia, I hold an opinion that it might not be so vital that you acquire much knowledge, but we shall maintain a sense of contentment.
Contentment is a person's attitude to this world.
With a poetic heart, a poet praises what could have been bad weather in some people's perspective.
With a sense of contentment, we see things in a more lovely way.
And that's why I always smile, just like those two clay figurines.
Dennis Ritchie is the U.S. computer scientist, C language and other programming languages, Multics and Unix operate system have made great contributions to the development.
Born in Bronxville, New York, Ritchie graduated from Harvard with degrees in physics and applied mathematics.
In 1967, he began working at the Bell Labs' Computing Sciences Research Center .He received the Turing Award in 1983 and the National Medal of Technology in 1998.Mr.
Dennis Ritchie October 8, 2011 in New Jersey died.Jobs died.
A lot of praise on the network with overwhelming grief, IPONE and IPAD swept the globe.In fact, Mr. Ridge should enjoy the praise, or more.Mr.
Robert said that Ridge is a very low-key researchers.Rich always want to work for more researchers used to work for other in the future research and facilitate technological progress.He and Mr. Jobs try to formation of monopoly capitalism different.
Newton said he was standing on the shoulders of giants, and we are standing on the shoulders of Ridge now.
cities.Others prefer to live in medium and small cities.
When it comes to big cities,lots of people are thirsty to work and study here.On the one hand,we can get more chances of employment.On the other hand,as the technology progress,the medical and education both better than medium and small cities.
But living in big cities possess much pressure,it can lead to many diseases factor.Living in medium and small cities's environment better than big cities.
We aren't noisy.We don't have the pressure easily.But it results to people get lazy.
I want to live in the medium and small cities.But I am more willing to work in big cites.I consider that working in big cities make me keep up the time.Living in medium and small cities makes me physical and mental pleasure.Do you agree with me?
I am looking forward to receive you reply.
TO start to work immediately or go on study in a postgraduate programme?This is the question facing college students,who,upon graduation,feel puzzled at a crossroad in their life.Actually,most students will be confronted with a similar dilemma when they graduate from universities.Clearly,this is a challenging question:different person may hold radically different views.
In the eyes of mine,pursing graduate study outweighs finding a job in almost aspect.I think four years in college only lay more or less a solid foundation and the development of expertise is yet to take place.The best way is to strike while the iron is hot so as to help the substantial progress to arrive earlier.Besids graduate study supply many benifits for us.
Firstly,graduate study ont only boost our intellect but also help us build a well-connected network with peers and colleagues.Secondly,as graduate students,we will perform competently and act on a higher level in knowledge application and awareness of critical issues than undergraduates in the job market.Thirdly, with a postgraduate diploma,we will be promoted quickly.
Though it is so vital for graduate study,how we should do for a successful graduate study.As far as I am concerned,there are several means for success.First of all,try to be reasonable and know ourselves well in order to play to our strengths.The second strategy is following other people's advice.A person who is always asking for direction will not be lost.Last but not the least,manage your time reasonably and deal with stress healthily.
Now that we have chosen the way to graduate study we should persist it and then we will not be regret.
It's a vivid cartoon that a young boy only stretches his neck out a snailshell when he is paying the bill for his meal to a deliverying man.
In the depiction, the boy is closely surrounded by a book, a telephone and his computer.
As what is described in the picture, it's typical mode of life of the homebody, who incline to shutting themselves in houses.
It's easily to find why the homebody prefer to stay for so long time at home rather work out or have fun with friend outdoors.
On the on hand, most the homebody can't resist the temption of the Internet, which offers giant convinence for them.
On the other hand, their weak consciousness of self-value and responsiblity for society result in little concerns about outer world.
In my own view, first and foremost, to be a homebody in some sence, means a lack of self-disciline and social adaptability.
Further more, those homebodies excessively depend on the Internet , which weakens their capability of direct and concrete communication with relatives and friends.
It's detrimental to their mutual relationships.
Last but not least, it's disadvantageous for their pysical and mental health and even worse it would press the social burden.
Therefore, opening the "door" and walking out let the sunshine brighten your inner world.
A long time ago, there were no computers, so as the Internet.
But as the computers had invented, Internet is more essential for our life at present.
Before the Internet invented, our life is less boring and common than nowadays, because people had nothing interesting to do except watching TV, listening to the music, reading books and so on.
After the Internet invents, a tremendous amount of people buy computers, so that they can surf the Internet.
It has brought both convenience and knowledge to us which makes our life better and better.
Nonetheless, it is unfavorable for young people to surf the Internet for too much time, because it does harm to their eyes.
In my opinion, Internet is not only for fun, it also enriches people's knowledge and experience.
As long as not to indulge in amusement, Internet is also a useful tool which can help us a lot.
Maybe in the future, Internet will be more and more popular among the youngs and the olds.
I am writing with regret to complain about the course you offered and tell you how disappointed I am in the manner your company dealt with the promised arrangements.
Firstly,the originally advertised experienced teacher was just an inferior one,whose performance is ineffective and made the service bad value for money.
Secondly,the personal placement test was not a real test because the result is not accurate adjust to somebody's ability.Moreover,the foreigner teachers were not serious about our classes and they did not negotiate with students,as if they are just a machine speaks English.Besides,you charged extra fees of Mni-test and nearly 20 students per class which is not fit with the advertisement.
Finally,the quality of the work and organisation is dissatisfactory,which means a limited-movie rather than English movie and culture teaching.It indicates your poor preparation as well as your exaggeration in the advert.
Your proper reasonable explanation and solutions would be expected and we look forward to your reply.
I live in Wuhan which is filled up with noisy.Because I live in the community there are many residents,what awakes me every weekend morning is not the alarm clock but the noises from motor vehicles and talking of the people.In addition,there are thousands of construction sites so that people who live near these sites will not have a quiet living surrounding for those noise generated by the heavy machine.Besides,since the society is rapidly changing,an increasing number of people have their own cars.It is inevitable that drivers will honk the horns.Especially in the rush hour,these noises make my terrible mood caused by traffic jam worse.I wish the noise will be controlled effectively in the future.
The cat is often regarded as a quiet, soft, noble Mademoiselle, which is an elegant lady of herself, but also a wayward, self-centered one.
On the other hand, dogs are better for they have not only an agreeable personality but also a loyal heart.
Most dogs have an attractive temperament, which are brisk and obedient and welcoming.
