For some don't like shopping in the market people ,it's not bad things.
It may let some secret information out.
It lead to the chent,mading ous lost money .
In my idea , we need online shopping ,but we must careful when we shopping .We need learn some knowledge of online shopping and we need learn how use our computer in the safe.
Companies should encourage high level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to offer opportunities for the new generation.
I think this is a problem of different people, different views.
In my opinion, whether retire at the age of 55 or not depends on the needs of the company.
There are several reasons to prove my point.
The first aspect, if the company is a field of Exploration Company, the old staff is very important.
The company is a bit like the hospital.
You must know old doctor is a treasure to a hospital that has rich clinical experience.
Here is a true example of Jiangsu Province Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital.
There is a famous doctor hall in this hospital.
Almost every doctor's age has reached the age of 80, or even elder in this hall.
Because of experience, but also because of the needs of the society.
No.
On the contrary, the youth can learn much from the elderly people.
On the other hand, if the company's direction is fine, the elderly employees must retire on time.
Someone is old, his fine motor is in degradation.
It is normal to the new supersedes the old.
Above all, whether retire at the age of 55 or not, not just a number.
It depends on many factors.
We must weigh around.
We must spend a minimum cost, obtain the maximum benefits.
Eveyone has an experience of staying at home alone when his parpents go out .
I also have such experience .
well,me parents they had to go away on business for a few days.Now was my chance!
I was very happy .
On the frist day when they went out I was very happy.I played games.
I liked the games so much that I played until midnight.
The next morning I Woke up late.so I was late.The teacher asked me for myhomework,but I could mot hand it in.I felt tired and sleepy at shcool all day long.
When I got home, I tried to cook some rice,but I burnt it.When I was unhappy.
when my parents came home, they were happy to find that icould cook an tidy up now.
I told them my home alone story,and we all laughed.
I am home alone feel very loneliness.
Previous research concentrates more on the analysis of cause to explain the rise of the independent candidate,which appears as a new phenomenon.
Reformation of market economy,expression of multiple social benefits in political participation,development of democracy and legal system construction as well as the formation of the open and interactive space of public media all account for the rise of the independent candidates on its background level(Zhou Shubin,Tang Juan & Huang Weiping,2004).Cao Jian and Quan Tianci,on the basis of behaviourism theory,conduct a study from the perspective of analysis on personal reason.They claimed that these candidates can be divided into three kinds:the general public recommending themselves,high school students willing to experience democracy election,the owners wanting to protect their rights.And every kind will influence the motives and strategies in the election.
Besides, some research explore the new feature of identity,motives and strategies of candidates to explain the reason why most Chinese today are still indifferent to independent candidates.
Despite difference in these propositions,there is a general consensus that independent candidates impact the traditional "confirmation election" or "arrangement election" in China's Local People's Congress Election.These impacts make the phenomenon controversial and lead to my point to evaluate it.
Nowadays,many sudents pay no attention to speaking in English studying.In my opnion,there are these reasons to account for the phenomenon.
First,they study English in the environment where English is not the mother language.They hardly use English when they talk to other people.Second,many students study English just for passing exam.They don't need to speak English in exam.So they don't need to practice speaking English in their daily life.Third,they are afraid of making mistakes when they speak English.They think it is embarrassed to speak English in public.
To change these situations,no thinking man would refuse to these that the teacher should encourage students to speak English more in class.Speaking should be added to exam.Speaking English should be advocated in people's life.
With these efforts.I believe the situation that many students don't take English speaking seriously will be improved.
Nowadays, there is a growing concern over the TV talent shows such as Super Gils and Happy Boys.
A variety of the shows have been more and more popular especially among young adults and have undoubtedly produced tremendous effects on their daily life.
The leading reasons why the shows develop so quickly are mainly listed as follows.
First of all, with the remarkable improvement of people's living standards, the different types of entertainments have been pursued gradually.
These shows just in time adapt to the people's views for amusements as well as bring plenty of pleasure and relaxation for people who live a first-paced life.
Plus, young people need chance to improve themselves, for which reason quite a few young adults desire to get involved in these shows.
Through the stage, they either realize their own dreams or perfect themselves.
We can not deny that the talent show is an effective method to relaxing and amusing and can relieve our pressures.
However, we could not afford to indulge in them and should appreciate it sanely.
With the development of computer and technology, besides spread of the internet, provide superior convenience for human's life and work.However, people in the enjoyment of information age, meanwhile computer information security is following.
In modern society, many accidents about the information securities are happening.For instance, the threats of hackers and computer viruses.Furthermore bad business often sells private information to some companies for profits, so that, people would be harassed, even threats.
In my opinion, I think there are two ways to solve the problem.On the one hand, government plays an important role.Government should perform the responsibilities of intensifying the supervision.Moreover, be strict with the social web sites.On the other hand, people should manage our privacy.Don't fill with real information too much in the websites.
Whether the universities should accept equal numbers of male and female students in every subject is a heated discussion.
Different people have diverse ideas.
In terms of me, the proportion of man and woman students in college should be relying on different fields.
First of all, nature talent is case in point.
As we all known, boys love machines much more than girls when they are younger.
Boys like playing with cars and games, however, girls love Babe Dolls and like dress Babe Dolls or themselves.
It seems certain that boys are interestde in engineering, and many girls are good at decoration or education when they grow up.
Next comes, from psychological perspective, men are interested in psychological and women are more careful or hard.Let us see a research report, 90% of men held a skilled vocational diploma, compared with 10% of women.
By contrast, more women held undergraduate diploma.
Form the report, we learn about men were good at deal with mathematic problems, and women were more do with literature questions.
And lastly, in different professions need different ability individual that male and female in today society.
In general, men very strong, they are adapt to do consumption energy jobs.
Women very genlte, so they can look after children that children will be better cared for and give more attention.
All in all, go through discussion above, it must be admitted that men and women have physiological differences and they are interested in diverse fields.
As for me, a closer analysis will present a more reasonable conclusion.
So I oppose the opinion that the college to accept equal numbers of men and women in every subject.
With competition becoming fiercer and fiercer, education and competition are closely related.
Education experts have the arguments that competition should be supported, whose results confuse students.
Competition has touched on every field, whose widespread is attracting people's attention.
With this situation coming, people can make good use of it to develop themselves and adapt to the society better.
It is important for the people to strengthen their ability and make more progress.
Some companies also make more profits from competitions.
But the competition's bad affects are not ignored.
More and more people have heavy stress due to the fiercer competition.
They may have bad sleep and negative emotions.
It's not beneficial to people's health, even results in making people commit the crimes for wining.
In my opinion, I am not favor of the competition, one reason for this is that the competition makes the whole society's pace speed up, changing the people's natural hearts and may breaking up with their good friends, it even destroys our beautiful nature.
As a saying goes"Self-confidence is an indispensable part of success".However,in contemporary society,the competition is increasingly stiff,which needs to raise us self-confidence.How can we build up our self-confidence.
Self-confidence is the main contributor to becoming celebrity.The first point regarding this is that we should enrich academic experience to all fields we may suffer in the future.In an individual's study,academic experience is a key determinant of self-confidence.So that you can not only remove the barrier for communicating with eminent person,but also can widen the gap between you and your classmates.Besides,it can also provide you with a sense of achievement.But,if you don't have,when it comes to various competitions in which you may not achieve on time,which is not beneficial to build up confidence.What should we do to build up our confidence is to enrich academic experience,realize that knowledge is powerful.
Furthermore,keeping a positive mood is essential for us,where we may use good mood to handle with difficulties.Certainly,there seems to have enough evidence to confirm it.Live in frustration, you can't concentrate your mind on problems that will cause you more and more anxious,which will stifle your self-confidence.If you have a positive mood,indisputably,you will receive a result which is beyond your expectation.
Thridly,that is what is meant by"failure is the mother of success",which is highly advantageous to us to establish self-confidence.
"What's more,the important thing is to draw lessons from the past you suffered,come up the ways to avoiding them,instead of fearing of face it.
Last but not least,practicing is also important.Maybe,at the beginning,we may tend to be pretty green hand,but practice,eventually,makes perfect.Then it is beneficial for us to build up our self-confidence.
Nowadays,after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
As we all know,our school after-school activities are really interesting and fit for high school students.I take part in many activities.In the club activities I do some sports;such as playing football and playing basketball.What'more,I can not only play with my friends,but also watch English movies.
By this way we will make progress in English quickly.
To choose after-school activities,interests are the most important things.If you want to gain knowledge or some skills,you should choose the activities which you really show an interest in.In a word,the community activities actively involved,there is strong team spirit of cooperation.Please enjoy it.
After struggling with countless difficulties,Chinese people have obtained independence of their own countries,which is a symbol of achieving a lot in national rejuvenation and they are carrying on with the cause.
The efforts of the young generation are a necessity for the great renewal of China,as a country strengthens along with it.
Without the young generation,a country cannot develop as quickly as possible.
Gaining immense glory for his country,China,Ning Zetao,a young swimmer,won four gold medals in the 17th Asian Games.
What impresses us the most is his excellent performance is the 100m freestyle race,where he made a breakthrough in the Asian record.
By reading more books and participating in more social activities,we can broaden our horizon and equip our brains with knowledge.We ought to keep trying hard to improve our skills,raising us to a higher level.Only in this way can we contribute more to our country.
I am L, and our school will hold an evacuation drill in the near future.
The evacuation drill is good for recognizing some knowledge and skills to deal with critical situations.
Our students could improve the skills of saving ourselves by the evacuation drill.
But in the evacuation drill, some students don't make it seriously.
For example, last year, many students joined the evacuation drill, laughing and whispering.
Later, some students didn't deal with the situations correctly by our requests.
My suggestions are following.
First, we should keep calm and quiet.
Second, doing everything under the commands is the best way to get away from the critical situations.
Last,we should help each other.
These are my suggestions.
I wish that everyone could do better than last ones.
With the development of economy, an increasing number of students can afford cellphones.people's opinions about whether students should be allowed to use cellphones at school or not vary from person to person.views are divided into advantages and disadvantages: In terms of the good aspects,above all,students can get any information they want through the phone,which can enrich their knowledge and broaden the horizon.Furthermore it's also a great way to relax themselves by listening to some music that is with beautiful lyrics.
Just the proverb goes,"every garden is without weeds "some disadvantages are still there.Those who devote themselves to cellphone games might ignore the importance of education.To make matters worse,they may have delinquency proneness.
As far as I'm concerned,we are supposed to make the best of use of the phone.Only in this way can we study better at school.
This is the Earth.It is one of the smallest planets in space.We live on it already thousands of years of history.The earth is so important for us that we can't lose it.But our mother planet are facing many pressing problems now.
With the development of our economy and changing times.There are many kinds of pollution on Earth.Such as air pollution,light pollution and noise pollution.Moreover,with the increasing population,we are becoming more and more cold-blooded and the society don't permit us have a sense of mercy.
In my opinion,the biggest problems of the Earth facing now is the environment pollution.Wherever we go or inhabit ,we all can see rubbish all over the streets.The main reason is that we think for ourselves instead of for our social.I hate this behavior, but we are aware that such behavior can not be changed within a very short time.I hope that our planet is suitable for living and working.Mother Earth love all of us,and we have to protect her in no case!
Teachers are whom all of the students require , so how to be a good teacher would be a very crucial problem .
Obviously , it is not simple to be a really professional teacher .
First of all , for my part , it is indispensable for them to be skillful at the subject which they teach .
It is necessary for them to teach the students professionally so that they could acquire new knowledge easily .
Besides , I think it reasonable and needful for teachers to learn something in vogue and close to the students' lives rather than just pay close attention to knowledge related their subject .Therefore , as a teacher , It is my fervent belief that they must concern about their students' thought as well as feelings , instead of struck and scold them when they don't work hard .
Working hard is also significant for teachers to stick it out on account of nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Age does not represent experience and mature, so a good teacher must thinking and learning constantly.
I fully agree with the statement that teachers are like candles , giving off light for others by burning themselves.
Every teacher ought to dedicate themselves to their educational enterprise .
I was born in a small city in Shandong Province.
When I was three years old, my parents left me because they are busy.
So my aunt looked after me till the year before last year.
I'm thankful to my aunt.
My first school was Shuangyu primary school.
It was a beautiful place and there's a big playground for us to play.
My first teacher was Mrs Yang.
She was strict but very nice.
She was friendly to everyone.
She keeps distance every day.
my first friend was a handsome boy called Bobby.
He can make up basketball and can represent it well.
He often represents basketball with me and we help each other every day.
This is my past life.
It's really happy.
I think the four heroes save behavior is admirable.
In today's society, more and more people have lacked.
In general, a lot of people coming in time of danger or care about his own safety.
People put their own interests to see very heavy.
And the four heroes is county concerned about the safety of others.
Put down the last of their own interests.
They use their own behavior to prove the existence of love.
One of them said,It's something I never thought I would do and somebody had to go in the water.
In fact,nobody had to go into the water.
That somebody actually did so is part of the reason this particular tragedy sticks in the mind.
They selfessness was one reason the story held national attention; his anonymity another.
The fact that he went unidentified gave him a universal character.
For a while he was Everyman, and thus proof that no man is ordinary.
Since it was he who lost the fight, we ought to come again to the conclusion that people are powerless in the world.
Through this hero event gave us a lot of inspiration.
So,we must learn to take out courage to face life.
There are many wonderful memorises in our life.In my heart, I memorize a ten-minute break between lessons during which I feel that I grow up.
Eye-excrises should be done during that time.But all of us ignored the sounds of it's.And our teacher who was in charge of our class heard our noise.He was so angry that he held up his fists without saying nothing.The atmosphere changed instantly.According to his habit,he should have accused us,but he didn't.
With his silence,we all bowed our heads.
At first,there were still several students talking.Then the noise was more and more down.Finally,all classroom was quiet.No one said a word.When we were self-examination,he walked out of the classroom.
From then on,every time we paid all attention to do eye-excrises.And the influence which were impacted on me was still exists.
I remember a teacher's real angry is very frightened.Slience sometimes solves problems more quickly and more efficiently.I agree with his does.And this memory I will never forget.
In recent years,domestic food safety is worrying .From the news,there are a lot of illegal cooking oil in the fried food.And it appeared the tainted milk.Some people still take the chemical additives into food .Otherwise the pesticide pollution also become more serious.
These problems not only make with the cost of our health and environmental pollution.Such as the illegal cooking oil contain carcinogenic substance .However the pesticide pollution except hurt the health also pollute the environment .
Never mind,here are some suggestions .First of all, we should as far as possible eat outside .After all, it is not very clean .Second,We should go to normal on the market to ensure food security.Third,buy fresh vegetables cooking for our self is the most insurance.
When getting involved in teaching online, I doubted the validity of this type of teaching.
I had no idea about whether the student submitting the work was the one registered for the course.
Teaching online required me to rethink the way to deliver the lectures.
My daughter who had always been very shy inspired me a lot.
She had never answered questions on class but she dived into the discussion and expressed her opinions on the two online classes which she had registered.
When the online class began, it was more promising than what I had thought before.
The students followed the direction well, and discussion board was heated.
Although I had never met any of them, I could know more about them through their works, and saw their attitudes develop before my eyes.
I found out that for those who were extremely comfortable with the computer and willing to become part of a community, it seemed to work better than others.
For teachers, they ought to help build the sense of community and let their students feel that they were always there.
Some people think credit card is beneficial to college student.
Others argue that credit card will result to excessive consumption.
In my view, I approve that college student should make use of credit card.
Recently some banks extend their business to university and offer credit card to college student.
This is a bank trust of college students.
On the other hand, it is convenient that we make use of the credit card replace cash.
Credit card exists in anywhere.
We can use our phone to transfer account and save much money, when we are shopping and paying for house loan.
Secondly, parents are our sole financial source and we heavy dependence upon our parents.
If we have own credit cards, we will learn to how to reasonably arrange our money.
Finally, one of the important advantages is safety.
If we register in bank when lose our credit card, we can reduce loss in time.
As far as I am concerned, credit card brings many benefits and makes us more independent.
In addition, we should avoid excessive consumption when we make use of credit card.
Correctly use credit card, we can develop a good consumption custom.
I went to a party which was hold in a coffa'.
In the party , I heard some funny stories about their kids.
A mother told us that she felt the time go so fast even she didn't notice her child had graduated from the college.
She said "As my little kid was small , the first day of school was the hardest day for me.
Because he even grabbed the tree to refuse to go to school.
"we all laughed out loudly.
As a college student, I believe that reading is much more important than doing.
First, as far as I am concerned, reading is a basic step to compare with practice.
We need to enhance our ablity to help us overcome the barrier that we may face in the future.
The growth period is the best time to exalt ourselves before we pour into the society.
If we neglect the build of elementary construction, how far can we fly.
Second, read can make people more sensible than any other non-reading people.
It can supply us various theories that can assist us to find the solution to solve the problem in a right way.
If we want to succeed, we need a theory as a guideline to lead us, otherwise no matter what we do is just wasting our precious time.
As most people always say if you want to win you should do the right thing in an appropriate time.
Third, read can motivate us and inspire us to a further remove, meanwhile it will deeply influence our final fruition.
Knowledge is power.
A lot of knowledge is an abundant wealth.
Early year of the new state, everybody pay unduly energy to the practical activities rather than the knowledge.
In that period our country appears too much unrealistic movement.
Nevertheless there are still many ambitious and patriotic young people who went aboard to purse the higher education, they contribute their knowledge to our nation.
Mr. Qian Xuesen, one of these young people, came from the American and then devoted himself to the nation's construction.
We have the Chinese atomic bomb, hydrogen bomb and artificial satellite since that time.
Last, the world is so big so we can't try everything to vindicate it.
Of course isn't.
What we needs is learn different things from different books.
From what has been discussed above, we could draw a conclusion that reading is much more important than practice.
In life,we always use a mark to represent one's ability in studying or working.However,is it right or false?How shall we think about this phenomenon?
Although a person gets great marks in the tests,he does badly in the job.Experience comes from life and we are developing by kinds of experience.Experience is basic for us to learning more things.However,we shouldn't absent learning.If a person just has a lot of experience without learning,it's like a flower without water.Then he can't develop well.Learning is an important way for us to get more knowledge.
In the last,mark can't represent everything.Experience without learning isn't better than learning without experience.Both experience and learning are important.We need to get more experience and knowledge.
The strategic policy of expanding domestic demand was proposed by China government in 1998, which was aimed to deal with the Asian financial crisis.
At that time, China government not only insisted on expanding domestic demand, but also expanding import and made a contribution for the global economy.
The contribution rate, which was the domestic demand for the economic growth, was increased clearly.
The huge domestic demand was the driving force on the development of China's economy.
Therefore, the development of China should mainly depend on domestic demand.
The increase of consumer was the difficult and important respect expanding domestic.
It was also possessed of huge potential.
Therefore, government should make an effort in increasing the consuming capacity, keeping the consumer expectation, enhancing the consumer willingness, improving the consumer environment.
When I made preparations for my speech yesterday, I had discovered a nice word," Yesterday is History, Tomorrow is a Mystery, Today is a gift, that's why we call it the present".
We have different life, what we need to do is appreciating each day.
Only we understand how to appreciate our life, can we find the beauty in life.
As far as I'm concerned, we must make some changes.
For example, do not be afraid of admitting that you are less than perfect.
Let's accept our disadvantages and disparities.
It is this fragile thread that makes us fight and make progress.
Life goes on, let's appreciate our life and enjoy ourselves.
This holiday I went to Singapore to learn and to go sighting.
Singapore is a small country which is very hot the whole year.
Singapore has fresh air, the sky is very blue.
So it's different from China.
We went to the Bird Park and saw many kinds of bird.
Then we went to the Singapore Science Center.
It was very big and very interesting.
The next day, we went to the Singapore Botanic Garden.
It was very pretty and plants grew lushly.
We also saw the Merlion, the hanging gardens, the National University of Singapore.
The last day, we went to the Universal Studios Singapore.
It was excited for us to go there.
We went to the Jurong Secondary School from the second day to the fifth day.
We had classes with our Singapore friends.
My singapore friend is named Yun Suzhen, and her English name is Ally.
We had maths, Chinese, English, PE and so on.
Their teacher were kind and humorous.
But they spoke so quickly that I could not understand what they said.
So we had a memorable school life of Singapore.
This trip makes me excited and memorial.
We not only enjoyed ourselves but also learnt a lot of things.
So I hope to go to Singapore again.
When we were kids, our parents usually tell us to study hard to go to university.
After we pass the college entrance examination to be a university student continue to work hard.
So, I believe that university students should be required to attend classes rather than going to classes should be optional.
Students are the main character in university so that we need to be in class.
Teachers like hardworking gardener selfless dedication for us.
On the one hand, if we don't attend classes, we learn nothing from teachers.
On the other hand, it's impolite for our teachers.
As the main character, we need to pay attention to our behavior.
In other words, as students, we need to obey the school rules so that we should attend classes.
Students can learn something by themselves, but we also need the help of teachers and the atmosphere in class.
Not every student takes initiative and takes action for study.
Teachers teach us more than we learn the textbook by ourselves.
Classmates can also help us to learn something.
When we encounter problems, we can discuss with each other.
If we can't work out, we can ask for teachers.
Going to classes can only be good for us.
As we know, some students don't attend classes because of sleep, play games and something else.
The answer obviously is no.
Sleeping shows us laziness.
Playing games wastes our precious time.
It's useless for us to waste our learning time to do other things not related to studying.
In conclusion, going to classes students can learn to be, learn to do and learn to communicate, not only learn to learn.
Going to classes can also help us to avoid unnecessary danger.
So attending classes should not be optional in university.
The both types of songs are cultivating sentiment.
However, the style of songs from our parents' youth is simple.
The song, There Would Be No New China without the Communist Party, is definitely full of enthusiasm and energy, which requires singers to sing it vigorously and clearly.
Besides, the lyrics are always appreciating Communist party and motherland.
The styles of songs in the present age, by contrast, are varied from one genre to the entirely different.
As we know, we sing the song vaguely and slowly at the beginning, which was called I Will Still Love You, Dead, but we sing it hysterically when it comes to the climax.
is because of the different emotional lyrics.
Lyrics are related to love or affection.
Some are for people crossed in love, others are absolutely for those passionately in love.
It's no wonder that these songs are nothing less than decadent music for our parents.
There is a serious problem that more and more students ignore spelling during learning English nowadays.Thus it becomes the focus attention.
The reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.Firstly, many people pay more attention to spoken language,they think it is used in the practice more widely,so they ignore English spelling.Secondly,the teachers put more emphasis on children spoken language on class.Finally,many people spend less time on spelling,because they think it is very boring.
From where I stand,to deal with this problem successfully ,we should let people realize the importance of spelling.
For example,do more writing in the classroom,and the teacher can give students more homework about English spelling.,Students also need more practice at extra time.We should due attention to spelling,for it is very important.
Nowadays,it is unusual that students have access to evaluate their teachers on line in many universities.Some people are doubtful about this policy,believing that this policy may frustrate some teachers enthusiasm for teaching,who are evaluated badly by students.However,others don't agree and assert that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.As far as I am concerned,I side with the latter.
Then I have several points to support my view.Frist,expressing opinions towards teachers on line makes it possible that students have a feeling of being respected and valued.Compared with the previous mode that teachers occupy the leading position in class,students' being dominant is more scientific.Besides,criticizing on line guides teachers to teach efficiently and makes them realize their strong points and weak points in the teaching process.Only by this way can teachers improve their teaching methods and benefit students.In addition,the communication between teaching and learning is enhanced step by step.Professor can become aware of what students really need and gradually make their classes more suitable for students.
To sum up,I am in support of this policy and convinced that this benefits not only students but also teachers in the long term.
My school is big and nice .
There are some tree and some flowers in it.
There are fourth floor in my school .My classroom is on the fourth floor too.
There are eight classrooms on the fourth floor .
And a computer room too.
There are seven offices on the fourth floor.
And there are seven offices on the third floor too.
There are six classrooms on the third floor.
There are six classrooms on the second floor too.
There are seven offices on the second floor.
There is also an Art room on the second floor too.
On the first floor.
There are six classrooms ,seven offices and a library on the first floor.
This is my school .I like my school .
My water glass with the lightening pure red color ,round and little shape which like a small ball.I drink water with it every day and it have followed me for four year.
At the sight of its uplifting color ,I will feel much happier.
I love Ms Yu best who is my English teacher.Why I like her better?
Because she looks very friendly and ehthusiastic.
And Ms Yu's method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers.
So the English class is really interesting and that's why I love her.
Ms Yu wants to help me improve my spelling and handwriting.
I do this in a different way that everyone must do a duty to improve study every day.
The first day we introduced ourselves to each other in English.
But I was very shy and felt embarrassed.At this moment ,Ms Yu was very friendly and it was really nice because of the smile.And I don't felt embarrassed.I became more and more out going from that day .
With the rapid growth of using English, knowing how to use English has become increasingly important in our daily life.
As far as I concerned, absorbing English online is one of using English's methods.
There are three reasons.
First, I'd love to watch Amercan movie and listen to English music.
Not only do it make me happy, but it also give me insights into anther culture.
Second, I can make friends with many more people than before on the Internet.
Last but not least, learning English online can help me improve my score, then, bridge the gap between my English score with whom was at the top of my class.
However, there are many people confused computer.
But in my opinion, it csn benefit us tremendously if wisely and correctly used.
The winter holiday is coming.
Daming made a timetable to make his holiday wonderful.
He gets up at 8:30 and eats healthy breakfasts in 15 minutes.
He writes his homework from 9:00 to 10:30.
He feels very tired.
So he goes to do exercise at park for 1 hour.
He eats delicious lunches at 12.
From 13:00 to 15:00, he gets on the Internet or has English classes.
He read many kinds of books for 2 hours because they are good to him.
He eats a little dinner at 18:30.
He searches for some information or watches his favourite program for 1 hour.
He putes thing away from 20:30 to 21:00.
And then, he goes to bed at 21:30.
This is Daming's timetable and it's very healthy.
So, I should learn from him.
Next mouth, the Christmas is arriving.
Christmas is one of the important traditional festivals in western countries.
December 25 each year the majority of Christians around the world commemorate the birth of Jesus day.
Church did not begin at Christmas in the years 138, the initiative by the Bishop of Rome at San Clement.
The church contains the history of the first Christmas in the years 336.
Because the Bible is not clear when Jesus was born, different around the Christmas have a different period.
Until A. D. 440, the only setting in December by the holy sees.
AD1607, church leaders from around the world gathered in Bethlehem, to be further to determine from most of the world's Christians is December 25 for Christmas.
Nineteenth century, Christmas cards popular, the appearance of Santa Claus, Christmas began to pop up.
The Christmas customs consist of Christmas hat, Christmas stocking, Christmas cards, and Christmas dinner.
The Christmas hat is red.
It is said to put to sleep at night, in addition to sleeping peacefully, the next day you will find the hat to take on a gift.
The children favorite thing in the evening that the earliest before a pair of red socks, then they would hang their socks at the bed side, waiting for the gifts in the next morning.
The Christmas cards are the Christmas and New Year's greeting cards to congratulate, printed above a picture story about the birth of Jesus, and to celebrate Christmas.
As a grand festival to celebrate Christmas, it is not lack of delicious food.
Christmas Turkey main course is routine, and the previous one might do with microwave oven itself, and now a lot of people in festive dining restaurant is on the opportunity to make customs money, of course, there are many Christmas foods, gingerbread, candy, and so on.
On the economic, the Christmas makes people go shopping substantially.
So it promotes the economic development.
Franklin said ,"Wasting of time must be, the greatest prodigality.
"He told us that we must cherish the time.
He told us that health is very important for us.
His work "poor Richard Almanac" preamble "How to get rich" for each of us has brought wealth, identification mind-reading, yes, politics, success in life, strong love, happiness and life's wisdom and philosophy of life tips .
His works can be divided into four categories: wealth, success, love and life.
He said the wealth lead us to practice thrift, to lay the foundation to further absorb Jinzhi Fu.
He said to teach us how to get the love of a good friendship.
He described the success of life allows us to succeed, confident life.
The lives of his characters is a required course to obtain a happy life.
Learned from him not only the investment of truth, but also learned a lot of truth in life.
He made me understand a person's success is not accidental.
Timing is important, but the inherent quality of people is more important.
He borrowed from the "Yearbook of poor Richard," the dissemination of useful and timeless advice.
He praised the virtues, including thrift, responsibility, hard work and simplicity.
Therefore, we only cherish the time, industriousness, frugality, in order to have a beautiful and successful life.
This is the real meaning of life.
Nowdays, a heated discussion on whether students should select lecturers has aroused people's attention.Some universities allow students to select some course lecturers which will be benefitial to students' study to some degree.
However, taking all the factors into account ,students should be cautious about selecting lecturers.
Firstly, when selecting lecturers, they must like the lecturers and respect them.Secondly, students should be accustomed to the way the lecturers teach.What's more, they should be interested in the course which the lecturers teach.
There is no denying that students can benefit a lot from selecting lecturers freely.
In the first place,suppose they select the lecturers they are interested in,they may pay more attention to their study.In the second place,they can develop good relationship which will make students achieve success in their study.However,everything has both coins.
If students select the lecturers they don't like,it is likely for them not to listen to lecturers carefully which will have a bad impact on their study.
In conclusion, students and teachers should reach agreement on students selecting lecturers.
Now,many students have computers.So,they have much time to play games by computer.If they like they can play the game all day.I think it is a bad habit.We must quit a bad habit.Don't indulge in the net games.We can use this time meaningful.And,many people sleep very slow.Cost some money do some meaningless.I think it's irresponsible for our-self.
I think this habits will make our life to be defeated.We should learn how to use the time.We must destroy bad habits.Give up bad habits will make us success.I believe that bad habits are easier to be conquered today than tomorrow.
must have correct consumption.Make a tangent choice.
While the schoolgirl opens her arms wide and is going to take it for granted.
On a personal note,friendship is the love without wings.If you intend to make a friend with someone,you truly should devote your heart and soul.When your friend is in trouble,all you need is to stand with him or her and lend him or her a hand,we are supposed to be understood.Besides,forgiving friends' faults and introspecting ourselves,which is a key point to friendship.
For me myself,a life without a friend is a life without a son,however,a friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.I get along with my best friend sincerely,so does she.We accommodate each other and love each other,this is how we build up our friendship.
As we all know,college life should be varied and colorful.Extracurricular activities as an important part of it,which play a vital role in our college spare time.
As far as I am concerned,on the one hand,extracurricular activities enrich our college life.We have many other things to do apart from studying like taking part in various of clubs in school.I believe that everyone can find a club which interests him.In clubs, not only can we make many new friends,but can also enjoy ourselvers in doing what we want to do.On the other hand,from extracurricular activities,we can learn a lot which we can never learn from the books,such as social manners and communicative skills.As college students,we need to be more communicative and have at least a specialty.Thoes all we can abtain from extracurricular activities.
In conclusion,extracurricular activities are integral to our college life.We should make good use of every chance to join them.
Hello, Ms.Wu!
I am D. I write this letter to you for the reason that the National Day is approaching, and I beg you not to assign any homework to us.
As far as I am concerned, without assignment to us is a win-win policy.
The reasons are following.
To begin with, if you assign homework to us during the 7 days' holiday, you may receive low-quality homework.
Many of us have planned to go home or travel because of the last-long holiday of this term.
In the light of the cases before, many of us will choose to finish our homework the day before going back home or the last day of the holiday.
Based on the reason, my proposal is that receiving the low-quality homework is not so much as letting us a happy holiday.
What's more, we will be very pathetic if you give assignment to us.
It's very painful when we are visiting our relatives or traveling, we have to worry about the undone homework.
That is just like a big stone that stifles us.
And as for you, I guess maybe you will feel headache,too.
It's a vivid picture before your eyes--after a 7-day holiday, maybe you feel relaxed or tired, but an idea comes to you that you have to correct our homework.
To make it worse, you may see the careless homework.
Above all, this is our last holiday in this term.
And for those who live far away, this time may be the only chance to go home before our winter vocation.
We all need a stress free holiday.
When entering the door of the college,it means we will live a life different from the high school life.First,I think the most important thing is course study,it is directly related to our future development.In the meantime,I can do some things I interested in,and do sports to strengthen my health.In free time,I can do part time job,it gives me many opportunities to learn that I won't learn from school.
It can improve my ability of doing things.In my opinion,social practice is important to us.At the school,join the activities actively,make some valuable friends.Learn some advantages from others,then make myself be better.
Be a kind person,gain more knowledge so that you will live fully.
The topic of my speech today is "Do trust us-a generation born in the 90s".
Some people think the students who born in 90s, have their special thoughts, their behavior and merits make others worried.But I don't think so.
The students who born in 90s, are confronted by more problems in entering higher schools and getting employed.And the environment is more competitive.And people also worry their care too much about ourselves and are unwilling to work together with others, lack of perseverance, easy to give up, blind pursuit and longing for fame.
But they never give up and in addition, they are creative.They can try their best to work more efficiently.There are persons who are positive, optimistic, outgoing, and who has the courage to take any challenges.
Starting on January 1st, 2011, smoking will be banned in China.
All the public places will stick the sign of banning.
There are approximately 35 million people who are smoking.
The majority of the smokers are man while the 25% of the people are female.
Additionally, smoking makes a great effect on about 54 million people and over one billion a year has died due to second-hand smoke.
Recently, my classmates had a discussion on whether the listening test should be canceled in the college entrance examination.
As we know, different people have different ideas.
I would like to show you what their opinions are.
Some students are for the opinion that it should not be canceled, saying that listening, as one of the four basic language skills, is such an important one that can't be ignored.
In addition, listening is an important way to receive information.
What's more, with the international cooperation's increasing, it is practical and necessary for us to improve our ability to speak and listen English.
The other students, however, hold the opposite idea.
The main reason why they think so is that the listening effect makes a difference in different place, leading to the unfair exam result.
Also, there is a great gap in English teachers and listening equipments between cities and country.
Furthermore, not every student would have the chance to speak to foreigners in the future.
So far, the discussion hasn't come to an agreement yet.
I am extremely pleased with your appoint me to present at Lenovo Annual Sales Meeting.
Here are three graphs that I have scheduled for the presentation.
The first one is a Line Graph about sales increase between 2011 and 2012.
As we can see, the sales increase is shapely, and in each season we also have a obviously increase.
The second one is a Bar Graph which is to compare sales between 2011 and 2012.
It was include 5 elements in this graph, our sales, gross profit, operating expense, EBITDA,and pre-tax income.
Here are some specific data I want to describe to you, our sales in 2011 is 14,901 and it has a slightly increase to 16,605 in 2012.
But our gross profit from 2011 to 2012 has a litlee decrease by 44US$.
Next is our operating expenses, it has a considerable decline from 1,586 to 1,811 between 2011 and 2012.
Here is our EBITA, it is raise 127US$ during this year.
The last one is our Pre-tax income it has sgnificant increase by 13US$.
The last Pir Graph is the ratio of sales market,which shows the change of our market share between 2011 and 2102.
Here is a thing that I need to know, our VIP client Mr. Kolin ask for a remedy of $1000 because there is no one at that address accepts the second shipment of 100 pieces of laptops.
This VIP client will largely affect the sales next year, although we have a vlume business, but we still do ot lose touch with valude customers like him.
So I suggest that we should make him feel satisfied.
Your answer is appropriate before December 15, 2012.
hat has stood the test of time and enduring.
Unlike bestseller, classic at any one time may not have a lot of friend, but, their enduring forever can arouse people's interest in reading.
So, because "classic way to touch, to think and express the basic problem of human existence.
These problems will not disappear because of the changes of The Times, change the way the most is that they present.
Because of the classic with unique way of thinking and expressing the these questions, the breadth and the depth is difficult to go beyond, after they have the permanent charm to mankind.
Plato's republic or Aristotle's "political science" has more than two thousand years ago, but people still very easy to pocket bestseller rack find them at the airport in western countries; Not because what they provide the eternal truth, but there are big in wisdom.
People today, including high school students to read them, of course not because answers to questions that can be found in them today, but they always can give us a new lesson.
Classic is not timeliness, so they won't go out of style.
Classic is not equal to the truth, and the classic also cannot both be right, that was the attraction of classic generation after generation of people to read them, does not lie in them to ensure the truth, also is not that they are beyond time and space of leisure function, or "tool rationality" practical effect, but because they are the crystallization of human spiritual civilization and reflect.
The characteristics of the human civilization lies in its continuity, human civilization need to follow and inheritance.
No traditional civilization nor civilization, no classical culture has no culture either.
As a result, the destruction of the traditional is the destruction of civilization, is the disappearance of the classic culture disappeared.
To accept and cherish, sutra is the symbol of civilization, is the beginning of the creation.
Discard the classics, or classic as a collection of cultural relics, are in derail culture.
Classic is the mother of the culture.
Cultural inheritance and development, can only start from reading a classic.
So, in today's "fast food type" and "instrumental" reading is a kind of "fashion", middle school students' extracurricular reading spontaneous presents the tendency of light "differences", what it is not a "defect".
In fact, the "classic" and "innovation" is not at odds.
There is no deep cultural inside information, the people not real and valuable innovation.
And refused to read the classic person is far from what cultural background.
Any real creator, always learn sufficient resources and nutrients from the traditional classic, as a source of innovation.
Both Marx and lu xun, when we are reading their books, will find their allusions, aplomb, the traditional resources into your own creation.
On the contrary, the lack of classic, often is because refused to classic.
It is hard to visualize a few of ci poetry of the tang poetry in person will become a great poet.
Of course, at any time, the creator is always in the minority.
Read the classics, for ordinary people, is not necessarily what's grand plan of innovation, but is often out of the pursuit of the wisdom of the more advanced.
The pursuit of desire, natural reflects a kind of high quality; And this kind of quality in this pursuit, and will get obvious improvement.
Now speak quality education and the quality of people everywhere, but the quality of people learn English and computer is not alone.
The quality of people can only rely on humanities education to cultivate; And read the classics, should be the humanities education is indispensable.
Therefore, there is no reason not to read the classics as the main content of the reading activity in the us.
A real international metropolis, is bound to embrace a classic.
My favorite place at school is in library, people know how to restrict themselves, behaved more politely, and it is a good place for you to read plenty of novels and study your own subjests, i used to hanging out in library after school, because even i go home, i may not have the moon or conditions to finish my homework, and it is a good place for you to meet some friends who have something in common and we can share experience on study or other subjects.
Talking about sport, first of all, different persons have different views.
I think exercise can make our body more and more stronger.
Nevertheless sometimes, exercise makes us hurt, too.
Liu xiang is one of the most famous athletes, and he is good at running.
suffered a lot of hardship, he got the honor and broke the world record.
We are proud of him.
I think the spirit of sports supports him to work hard.
Of course, I believe some sportsmen might recover while others have to suffer their remaining life, but in my opinion, at least they tried, and they hard to achieve their goal.
That is all.
I like running.
Running makes me excited, and I joined the school team of our school.
As we all know that we would do some reading such as reading newspaper ,magazine ,textbooks everyday.
Reading ,like other activities ,bring unique to readers.In that different reading materials can give different pieasure to the readers.When you are reading the novel,you would climb to the development of the story which make you crazy.What's more when you are redaing the newspaper ,you can comprehend what happen in your country or over thr world.If you read some textbooks you can understand many theories which can solve the problem in our daily life.
In a word ,Reading can enhance the understanding of the world the people and ourselves.What'more essential is reading can make us easy access to the wisdom of the ages and make pleasure of our mind.
My mother is an ordinary rural woman.
She looks a little thin and short .She has good characteristics.
Always, she is friendly and polite to everyone.
And she is also capable.
Every day she gets up early .
Preparing the delicious breakfast ,doing some cleaning and washing are her daily tasks.
Then she goes to the factory.
Therefore ,as time goes by, wrinkle climbed to her face.
Every time she smiles, it hits me that all small valleys appear her face.
And her skin and muscle is no longer flexible.
However,I still make her angry.
But in my heart, I love her forever.I Kknow though my mother is very ordinary ,she is still the greatest mother in the world.I believe I am happy because of having a good mother.
Mom, thank you.
Hello everyone.
I'm a middle school student.
I know everyone has the most like person.
So do I.
The person I like most is Justin Bieber.
Justin Bieber is one of the most famous singers in the class.
He is very popular that you can't imagine.
But he is only fourteen years old.
He is an active boy.
He is very handsome.
He has brown eyes and a very bright smile,and he is of medium height.
As for you love.
I love him anyway.
Time flies,I have staied at home for 30 days.during the spring festival in 2014,I returned home,making preparations for the most important festival in china.I visited my grandparents and other relatives.I staied with my parents,eating some delicious foods and watching the spring festival party together,and so on.I just did the same as before.But in this Lantren Festival which is another important festival in china,I had a change.
Two days ago,with my friend,I visited our teacher-Mr Li,who are teaching the grade 3 in the Nanjiao middle school,he said because of the college entrance examination,his students always worried about their study, no matter they study well or not.Although he always told them "don'worry,don't worry",they couldn't relax thenselves,he decide to hold a lantern party,helping these students have a good time,he ask us for help.One year ago,we also had this feeling,Mr Li helped us.So we started to play a plan for this party.At first,we spent one day discussing the plan.As a result of the discussion,we agreed to design a guessing game.yeaterday,we prepared for the Lantern party,someone bought lanterns and small prize,the others made lantern riddles.Finishing these works,we began to decorate the square with those lanterns,which sticked on the riddles.Tonight,we lightedon all lanterns and visited every student to join in this party.If they guess the right answer,they would get the lantern which sticked the riddle they guessed and a small prize,such as notebook,pen.Finally,all riddles were guessed,students arelaxed thenselves.
I feel very tired and happy.Not only do I have fun with others,but also I an able to finish an activity with my friends.I hope I could have more exercise like this.
The picture express that a teacher is giving a student a book.The boy is very nervous.The teacher's face fills a smile.The book is certain literature,because I think literature is the most difficult.How do you think?
When we read literature,I think the careful is the most importance.If we do not read the literature carefully.
In the first place,we will lose something importance.So we will not understand meaning.Next,We will feel boring and hate.We will refuse to read it.Second,if we like to read it,and like taking about literature.You do not read it carefully.You will do give other people a complete thing.You will fall regret.
So I think the most importance thing is careful.What do you think?
Recently, the problem of reading and practice good have aroused people's concern.
Therefore, there are different opinions among people as to the matter.
On the one hand, it is a common belief that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
Finding the right book at the right time can ignite the spark of thought within us that motivates us to read more, and read joyfully.
In addition, when that happens, the world opens.
Everything becomes possible.
On the other hand, others believe we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using of all our faculties, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
Obviously, if we want to do something, it is essential that reading.
Reading can let us have a lot of knowledge, help us get to know more people faster, and experience more diverse culture.
Only in this way can we expand our horizons to improve yourself.
After all, taking into account all these factors, we may come to our own ideas.
In my opinion, it is more advisable to reading that to practice.
No doubt, we also must be realized that practice is also indispensable.
All in all, we can't live without reading and practice.
December 25th is the day of celebration and of fun and frolic, the soft music of Christmas.
About Christmas day today is Jesus birth day.
I like Christmas, it just like our Spring Festival.
We canspend time with our frends and classmates.
Christmas become much more lovely.
Every one put on beautiful clothes.
Everyone look like very beautiful.
Christmas is coming, it also means a new year will come.
Before Christmas day ,there will be many parents to shop for children gift to buy a Chriatmas tree and Chirstmas cards.
At Christams time, there will be many parties.
Before sleeping, children put stockings at the counter,for 'Santa Claus ' .In the oring, the children will wake up and find the gift!
I sympathise with the views that Mr Andrews expressed last week, but I do not agree with everything he says.
There is no exploitation between animals and humans.
I think that humans raise animals and tame them is not to humiliate them.
The animals like to play,so humans just to play with them in a different way and the animals enjoy the performing.
Animal's life is in order to survive so people give them food and living environment, of course get profits from them.
Both sides get what they want from each other.
If we can solve the problems between the human and animals well that means is fair for both sides,maybe circus is not an awful place for the animals.
Nowadays, the phones are becoming more and more common in teenagers.
However, idea about whether we should take the cellphones to school varies from different persons.
Some Students are favor of it , because they say that they can know a great variety of things though the cellphones.
Firstly, they can access much information from millions of websites via the Internet on the cellphones.
Secondly, they can keep on contact with their friends and families in anywhere.
However,others who are against the idea that cellphones will take up too much energy .
besides, many students spend too much time playing computer games through the Internet, and it is really not good for their studies.
What's more, it also does hurt on our eyes.
In my opinion, everything has two sides and the cellphone is not an exception.
And I strongly believe cellphones benefit a lot.
Neverthrless, we need to strike a balance.
Last Sunday,I was very busy,because I helped my mother a lot.
In morning.
I woke up and ate the breakfast.
After that, I made my bed and swept the floor.
It was too tired.
Then, I took out the rubbish,watered the flowers and washed my clothes.
In one hour, I helped my mom to make the lunch.
It was very delicious.
It was two thirty, it was time to play sports.
I played basketball with my father , it was very happy.
This was my last Sunday, it was busy.
Nowadays,computer becomes more and more popular,and more and more student sink into the computer.With the development of computer,people become more likely to use the computer doing something rather than study on book,especially the student.They use computer to play games and talk with some unacquainted people.But it's also have some good effects on education,we can use computer to look for some information which we cannot find in the book.
Actually,education does not mean that we should study on book all days.It means we should use all ways to gain knowledge,whatever the knowledge come from.In my opinion, I think a good education need us use all ways around us to make ourselves feel substantial.We do not only study knowledge,and we should also study how to make our spiritual also feel substantial.And there some good and useful knowledge are not contained in our study books,this time,we should study from computer,computer contains a large number information,we can look for any information we want to know.And we can see some current affairs from computer which we cannot see from the book we studied.
This is my opinion of the effects computer had on education.As long as we make a good use of computer,we can study more knowledge both physic and spiritual.
Taking a look around we can find examples with ease a small computer is packed in a thick and heavy carton clothes are put in a well-designed plastic bag sand mppn-cakes are usually placed in delicate boxes.What are the causes of this problem?On the hand ,to earn more economic gains, a considerable number of manufactures usually wrap their products with unnecessary but appealing materials aiming atattracting customer's attention,arousing their curiosity and then stimulating their purchasing desire.On the other hand,quite a few customers believe that the more delicate the package seems the superior the quality will be, the notion has also encouraged the trend of excessive packaging.
To changgethis situation ,I think we should take the following measures.
First,laws must be made and implemented to impose restriction onexcessive packaging.Moreover,a public education campaign should be launched to arouse customer's consciousness that packaging doesn't equalto quality.
As can be seen from the passage, what we do has a significant effect on other's life, so we should take responsibility for ourselves, our family, our friends and our country.
Responsibility is of great importance to us.
For one thing, a sense of responsibility is a basic personal quality.
What we do influences the people around us.
We can't avoid taking responsibilities, as long as we are alive.
For another, we can realize our value by taking responsibilities.
The more responsible we are, the more capable we will be.
As far as I am concerned, in the first place, responsibility means working hard as a teenager.
Therefore, we could make contributions to our country when we grow up.
As the old saying goes"the rise and fall of a country is everyone's affair".
In the second place, responsibility means taking good care of our parents to repay them, since they have brought us up.
We should spare no effort to live up to their expectations.
What's more, responsibility means being a good citizen, we should not only concern daily events about our country, but, also try our best to protect our environment.
Thus we could build a harmonious society.
Both of them share the similar trait, that is ,their muscles developed unequally, one being so giant while the other being otherwise.
The strong muscles represent academy and science respectively.
The problems reflected in the cartoon seems to be that under the recent educated system, students grow into the ones with unbalanced development ,simply doing well in literal arts or just in science.
This mode of education seriously handicap the scope of job hunting and future plans.
For one thing, more difficulties emerging from workplace call for staffs equipped with comprehensive capacities to deal with and obviously, unsymmetrical strength can't encourage the potential and may slow down the pace of promotion.
For another thing, only emphasis on one subject can bring negative influence to society for lack of competitive members.
As far as I am concerned, several efforts can be exerted on the following areas.
Firstly, schools should follow the trend of revolution of education and gradually cancel the diversion of subjects.
Secondly, teachers in teaching proceeding had better encourage students to develop in balance and foster comprehensive interests.
Thirdly, a belief of mixture competition should be erected to guarantee avoiding one-direction development.
is importance for college students.
In college, we can do many meaningful things.
friends, as we all know, students relationship is wealth.
I'm looking forward to living a meaningful life in college.
Further to the event next week,as a seminar organiser,I am writing to check some details.The first point,we have booked the 602 room for the event.In the second,pleased note that you should confirm the schedule with security.Finally,Misss Chen has a meeting,so she will be a bit late.
On the surface, E.B.
White's "Once More to the Lake" seems to be a recollection of a man's childhood vacations and his attempt to relive them with his son.
Upon deeper reading there is something we can relate to which is the fear of death due to changes that occur around us.
Expecting a peaceful return to nature, he finds that his childhood utopia has been altered by modern man, and through his son, he realizes that his youth has slipped away.
We first see this when White grasp the idea that nature is forever but man is not.
There is a conflict among men.It is between the intuitive, which would come to enjoy what nature has to offer, and the ignorant, who are unsatisfied unless everything coincide with their schedule.
They are also unable to detach themselves from modern lifestyle and its high end product.
As well as technology,due to the growing population of car owners, man's companionship with nature is being overpowered by human isolation.
Eventually due to these modernization, the relationships between families will soon suffer as well.
Regardless of accessibility or efficiency, while the majority of mankind progresses in modern civilization, others will yearn for simpler time, or at least, the unaffected.
White begins to notice changes through his son as well.
Describing the feeling as living a "dual existence", he feel as if he is living as his father and as his son in the same moment.
Attempting more so to experience the trip through his son's eyes, he realize he is now and forever stuck playing the father's role.
Even more startling to him is the realization that he is not his father, but E.B.
White himself, washing ashore as he describes "a creepy sensation.
"During the thunderstorm White claimed that the "gods are grinning", as if he is feeling spite toward his all-knowing creator, resenting the higher power that has deprived us of superior comprehension.
He witness the campers yelling toward the children, presenting the "deathless joke" that the now-mature parents have lost touch with what these children are experiencing.
Finally, as he glance over to his son freeze in his cold swim trunk, a voice within his subconscious erupt, finally culminating the "creepy sensation" he experienced into what he calls a "chill of death".
Almost instantly as he attempted to come to terms with the loss of his youth, he is conflicted yet again by the fear of his inevitable end.
The passage of time didn't wait for him, and will not stop for him either.
I am a doctor of integrated traditional Chinese and western medicine, and have been working in Huashan Hospital since 2007.
Today I will give you a brief introduction of my hospital.
Being known as a century old hospital, Huashan Hospital, previously named Chinese Red Cross General Hospital, was founded in 1907.
During the past one hundred years, it has become not only a medical teaching hospital affiliated to Fudan University, but also an institution of tertiary medical care, which is good at neurosurgery, neurology, dermatology, hand surgery, integrated traditional Chinese and western medicine, infectious diseases and medical imaging.
Including above, ten clinical departments in my hospital have been granted as the state key disciplines.
Luckily, among them, I work as a clinical medical doctor in department of integrated medicine, providing my best medical services to cancer and asthma patients, which in my opinion are characteristics of my department.
A hundred year is a long history, it is also a mark of a new start.
In recent years, new outstanding young teams have been growing.
Nowadays, to build Huashan Hospital as the best service unit and the top level hospital of China, all the people of our hospital will make more efforts and new contribution to its development.
In accordance with the survey,now,college students spend more and more money every month.Many college students spend money like water and there is no saving concept.
Students don't have to make money and they don't appreciate the hard work ,so they will cause irrational consumption.Nevertheless the rapid rise in prices also is a crucial reason.
We should spend more to buy the same things.
As far as I am consider,I think as a student,we should save money instead of waste money.We should understand our parents.Although the rising price,we should make the consumption probably,its can help us to live independently.
Since we were born, the parents gave us a lot of human reasons.
Not so much taken for granted in the world, so we should not hesitate to say thanks to your parents.
Parents guide.
Stop on the way we grow up we came to this world, is to meet our parents that genuine love.
When we learn to walk, to guide our parents loving hands.
When we encounter difficulties, to give everything to help our parents.
When we are wronged heal our wounds and parents.
When we make a mistake do not hesitate to say forgive our parents.
When we succeed, is still the parents share joy with us.
Parenting is that the most profound love, kindness, is we should do our duty, we would like to thank our parents.
Read ten thousand books, walk ten thousand miles.
This sentence tells us books are necessary for us.
First of all, we should realize the importance of reading.
Because from books, we can acquire knowledge and books can open our mind.
Another great thing is that it can help us study better.
Second, some people might think that where can we read.
Reading from books, newspapers, magazines and the Internet are ways what are very helpful.
First, we should have a plan on what we're reading.
Some people say they do not have much time to read.
Nonetheless we should know, if we want to do something, nothing can make us give up what we're doing.
We are able to read before having a class, in class and after a class.
The time is much enough to read when we're having a holiday.
If we read more, we will be smarter.
As the saying goes, nothing succeeds like success.
Success is the prerequisite for more successes.
That is, the more triumphant one is, the more successes he will achieve.
The point is that you should build a winning image.
We can agree, I think, that everybody likes to deal with successful people.
Recently, my classmate had such an experience.
She encountered a problem when attending graduate school several days ago.
It was that she must choose her tutor.
And she was entangled with it.
When she requested a professor to be his student who promised balmy and had few students, her heart beat a drum.
But when she found a professor who told her that he needs to think about it and had more students, she was sure of choosing him.
As we can see, the fist one created a poor image and once such a bad one is formed, he has two strikes against him in showing his powerful academic ability.
The second one had a demand of his students and appeared busy.
These assured her that she must have the best tutor in the graduate school.
Excelling in you work is essential, but a winning image is the key to be more successful.
In our school,there is a samll pavilion wsa built in the summer vacation,in our school are very fond of the pavilion.
The pavilion is located in the middle of the garden,the pavilion on the southeast of the northwest has respectively to four directions:canteen,secondary school buildings,playground,and primary school teaching building.Especially when after dinner we can go to rest in rest in the small pavilion,is aiso very good.
I like the small pavilion.
As a vital factor of life, it brings us power, arouses our enthusiasm for loving life, and helps us to create a promising future.
However, in contemporary China, it has become a trend for Chinese people to hold different views about happiness and the way to enhance it.
In addition to material basis, the sense of happiness also refers to several others aspects.
Firstly, based on a recent survey, a majority of individuals admit that they are no longer content with being fed and clothed adequately, and their happiness depends more on their success in careers, friendship and love.
Secondly, a great many people claim that health is the key to their sense of happiness.
It is health that enables them to build up a solid foundation for anything significant.
As a college student, I am convinced that never can money equal happiness.Their knowledge, broaden their horizon and cultivate their ability.
The rest of the year in May 1st five days holiday.
My roommate and I began in May 1st five day trip.
My goal is to Nanjing, as everyone knows Nanjing is one of the four ancient capitals of China's most famous.
It has been my dream to go to.
After a long 8 hours of hard work, we finally arrived in Nanjing.
Here the air is so fresh, with every sip makes people feel comfortable.
First, we went to the famous Nanjing Office of the president, was once home to Sun Zhongshan, so it left a lot of revolutionary atmosphere.
Let my mind filled with a feeling of admiration.
Later, we went to see the museum, the former residence of Sun Zhongshan.
Here, I represent the Sun Zhongshan tribute.
The five one holiday time passes in a hurry.
Nanjing travel, left a deep mark on my mind.
I know that many people like keep pets now, every family has a dog or a cat as a pet almost.
Because the can bring us happiness.
When we have something unhappy and don't want to tell anyone else ,we can always talk with our pets , though perhaps they don't understand at all.
But if we do so , we will fell much better, especially when we're alone.
When adults are busy and have no time to look after their parents.
A pet will always a best present to the olds .
But keeping a pet will also bring us quite a lot trouble.
For example, most pets are very dirty and they have a lot of diseases with them which will make us ill .Sometimes a dog will bite someone when it is angry .In this way pets will be cruel to people.
In my opinion , Keeping a pet is a good idea , it is not a idea also.
I personally think it depends on different people under different conditions and I suggest pets keeping consider for others in the surrounding areas.
Part-time job is a college student better better clear positioning, character, self-motivated spirit, cultivate and improve the personality and improves the ability to adapt to society, to avoid the "self-knowledge crisis" in the growth process.
Einstein said, the university school should be the goal of the youth leave school, as a harmonious people, rather than as an expert.
And a part-time job for college students cultivate a way of independent personality and harmony in society.
First of all, the success and failure is not a measure of things the pros and cons.
In the process, students can be relaxing, growth experience, perfect, perfect personality.
Second, part-time and school complement each other as a whole, is one of the means of college students perfect their knowledge structure.
Undeniable take part-time college students study in school, but in theory and practice, time and energy, is the need for rational allocation and coordination of the two on an unified entity, part-time let you use your time is limited energy utility of play to the largest.
During our daily life you can see Japanese everywhere.when you surf the internet,you can see Japanese,When you go shopping,You can see many instructions written in Japanese .Even when you read, you can find that many books are written in Japanese .So we must learn Japanese well.
It is very important for us to learn Japanese well.
So, we should spend more time to study it.
First, We should try to listen to the teacher carefully .
After class we should go over the lessons.
And do our homework on time carefully.If we have any time ,we can read some Japanese news and learn some useful words.Besides,we should ask teacher for help when we have any problems.
Don't worry about make mistakes.To believe ourseleves is important.
I Hope to their graduation can work in the airport, and have a stable job, achieve their goals to do every thing.Good use their professional knowledge and linguistic knowledge.
My favourite animal is a dog.
It looks very beautiful.It's brown.
It has two small ears, two small eyes, four legs and short tail.
It is in my house.
It eats meat.
It can run and swim.
My dog helps me a lot.
I like it.
There is a public phenomenon today about the college students' doing a part-time job.
those who criticize college students' work argue that they shouldn't spend time to part-time job.
People who agree with this thik though work on some related with their professional's work, it can improve student's study and obtain many experiences that book don't have.
Everyone has many interesting experiences.It makes our life colourful.
We often share our experiences with our friends.It makes me feel so good.
I couldn't swim in the past.But Ireally wanted to swim in the river like fishes.So I asked my friends to learn to swim together.The swimming teacher taught us to swim.When I had some troubles,my friend usually appeared next to me and encouraged me.And she helped find out the roof of the troubles and solve it.We helped each other and learnt from each other.
Emotional intelligence and intellectual intelligence are dispensable to our lives.They are two important parts of our wisdom.
The emotional intelligence plays a prominent role in a person's way of dealing with difficulties.It matters with your self-awareness,your self-management and social-awareness.It was cultivated in people's later life.In business,the servicers need a high quality of EQ,because most customers need to be respected by others.
In the school,teachers should also be wise to educate and lead the students so that the youth can get benefits both learning and ventures.Of course,emotional intelligence is a million-dollars topic for common guys.Because they want to get along well with others.
As for the intellectual intelligence,which was decided at birth,one can't make a lot of improvement in it.It makes sense all our life.We need our IQ to solve the math problems,and we also need our IQ to start some science projects.A person with high IQ may have a significant achievement in some professional fields.People can't better their IQ,but they can use their IQ properly.
Both the IQ and EQ are very crucial in shaping people's process.We are supposed to have a balance and benefit our own.
My father is a coal miner.he has bronze -coioured skin .and dense hair .He is high and strong.
Father is serious .but he is kind to me.
Father hard word every day .he never says tired and give me selfless love.
Father love me .I love my father too.
I wish my father are safe and healthy forever.
In our daily life,we will meet many kinds of different people every day.Some one we will say hello to,some one we will smile to and others we won't notice.However,there are also some people I will concern and love.
If you ask me who I love most.I will tell you my mother is my favorite people.She has a little fat and is belong to general people of China.She is kind and loving.She teachs me how to study and how to be a honest person.When I am growing,she always sets an example to me.Form her,I know what is right and what is available.I also learn how to live everyday and how to express love.I know we should not waste time and food.I know we should respect everyone and when someone turns us for help we should lend our hands.
In a word,I love my mother who is a kind and loving man.
We all have a dream.
The dream may be about the future, about hope, about life.
But we know that, dreams are always good, but the process of chasing the dream is hard.
However, We still have to work hard to achieve our dreams.
But as we all know ,pursuit a dream isn't easy .In order to achieve our dreams, we need to study hard, and we also have to pay a lot.
For example: time, energy, and even money.
But we can't give up, we believe, pay will be returned.
May in the course of your dreams, you will lose a lot .But please do not give up your dreams.
Because a successful person, is certainly able to withstand a pain, loneliness and other difficult people.
Dream is always beautiful.
We all hope that one day our dreams will come true .
So remember, no one will something for nothing.
As long as you are willing to pay, you will be rewarded.
People may have a taste of success, although people do not have.Let's open the wings of imagination, courage to pursue their dreams.
Now,our press will public a new series of logistics books.
This series of book will not difficult understand.It will be concise and correct.
It is suitable for logistics major student.We also have preferential price for this series.If you buy the whole series,we will give you 50% discount.This special offer expiration date will keep on 3 months.We promise the quality of this series of book is very well.Your best choice and best discount is our press.
getting online could learn so much ,broaden one's horizons as well as chat and share with others.And they said it was relaxed for people to get online.
But some students were against to get online frequently.They thought that it was bad for our eyes.And it took too much time and energetic to fall in chatting and playing computer games.
In my opinion we should spend correct time on getting online.And we shouldn't depend too much on computer.
More and more college student fall into a bad habit , which is using mobile phone in the classroom at present .They generally use mobile phone to read novel,play games,chat on QQ and so on.they don't pay a attention to the teacher.On one hand,this practice will let their scores fall;on the other hand, they show disrespect to their teacher.What is more,some student don't let mobile on the state of no sounds .In the classroom,sounds from mobile will interrupt class.This practice is very dispolite to teacher and classmates.
They must break themselves of this practice that using mobile phone in the classroom.They can't carry a call phone class to avoid playing mobile.They can do note in class.In this way,they will not time to playing mobile.They should be aware of that our duity is study.Don't play mobile in the classroom.
Doing your study well is important for you on campus,not for joy.
The new year is coming.
In 2011, many of us did some resolutions.
I have made some resolutions already.
First, I want to draw more pictures.
I enjoy those colorful pictures when I was a ten-month-old baby.
I enjoy drawing on the sand with my fingers when I was one year old.
My parents always say.
That's true.
I never stop loving drawing.
I am just keen on making more and more beautiful things from my mind.
But since I started my new life in my high school, I didn't have much time to draw as before.
I didn't enjoy drawing for at least a year or two.
I want to draw more pictures in 2012.
I can't give up my dream of drawing.
For this, I am going to study harder to have more time to draw.
Second, I want to take part in an English competition.
I think English is my best.
I can't do well in Math or Chinese as someone in my class, but my English is really well.
So I want to do something to prove that.
Nothing can be better except joining in an English competition.
But I think I can't get a very good grade without hard work.
So I am going to study English for another long time and get more knowledge.
I can't wait for 2012's coming.
It will bring us more new challenges.
Some people believe that university students go to classes shouldn't be optional, they don't agree students need attend classes on time like in high school.But I don't think so, it just finds a reason for bad student who doesn't like go to classes.As far as I am concerned, no matter weather students like it or not, they must attend classes.
From the teacher, we can learn a lot of information that can't be seen in the book.
The teacher not just gives you basic knowledge,the most importance is he or she teaches you how to use and develop it in life experience.So teacher is very important in university.
In class, we can discuss with each other, we can exchange our ideas.
For one question, different person has different thought, it was not only improved our communication skill but also enhanced knowledge.it is a precious thing.
University does not like high school anymore, students also can be a teacher in class.The teacher just help us to learn by ourselves, in class, we will learn how to study,how to distribute study time and how to work with others.So in classes, we are not just learn subject knowledge.
In conclusion, I think, as a good student who must attend classes.In classes, we can know so many things than yourself learning in bedroom.Although university is a free place,don't forget we also is a student, our main task is study.
Doing sports is good for our health.
And everyone has his or her favourite sport.
My favourite sport is playing badminton.
I often play badminton at the weekend with my family member.
It makes me healthier and relaxed.
When I am playing badminton, I feel happy and really enjoy it.
And I will not be tired.
It 's also really a great chance to communicate with my families.
That's why I enjoy playing badminton, I like it.
In the recent years,the car's industry has taken off, and more and more people have bought cars, it have made a lot of effects, some of them are good, but other of them brought trouble to our lives.
Let us talk about the advantages and disadvantage of cars.
Cars bring us mass of conveniences.
For example, we do not need to spent too much time waiting for buses.
What's more, we can go to many places that we want to go by using cars.
However, there are also many disadvantage of using cars.
First it will pollute the city conditions heavily and cause harm to people's health by using cars.
Second, the traffic will becomes more and more crowded,especially during rush hour.
In conlusion, the car bring us conveniences as well as trouble.
I think, we can use cars , and we should focus on the conditions.
Lixia is an eleven-year-old girl from China.
She likes traveling because she thinks it's enjoyable.
She went somewhere famous just like Beijing and London,the trips were both interesting,but there are also some differences between them.
Last year,Lixia arrived in London by plane.
The weather there was really wet because it was often rainy,and that's the reason why people there always go out with an umbrella.
Lixia visited many museums such as the British museum,and she saw something special and took quite a few photos there.
She also had some special meals in London,but she thought they were not so delicious.
This year,Lixia took a train to Beijing.
It was so cold there that Lixia caught a little cold.
She went to the Great Wall,the palace museum and Tian'anmen square in excitement.
There were lots of visitors from all around the world.
She had some special food in Beijing and they tasted pretty good.
Lixia had fun visiting London and Beijing.She enjoyed herself by traveling.
As we can see the picture,a son facing his father.Saing''I'am a bit worried a about disposing of nuclear waste.but his father figure the dustbin when if you can empty the dustbin here ,you can do anything.
The picture takes message that a house is not ,how can sweep the world .the father want to tell his son that if you think little thing and not achieve it ,you also not achieve big thing.Our yongers more like the son in the picture.when university graduated,graduates electwork of good money and look down work oflow money .
In my opinion,whatever no matter what the thing is little or big,we all take thing seriously.
Nowadays, an increasingly number of people start to pay attention to the environment question.
Global warming is in a period of time, the Earth's atmosphere and ocean temperatures, rising the phenomenon.
It is already become one of hot topics of discussion which the people discussed.
Global warming is the major cause of a large part of the human fossil-fuel combustion, and exhaust emissions.
If our do not control the situation in a timely manner, the temperature will continue to rise, resulting in polar snow and ice melt, sea level rising.
And will drown a lot of land along the coast, triggering a series of natural disasters.
It also can create certain communicable disease to disseminate.
This will pose a serious threat to our life safety.
First of all, governments should encourage companies to develop vehicles that cause less pollution.
Reduction fossil fuel burning, uses the hydro energy, the wind energy, the electrical energy and so on.
Second, every one of us to conserve energy, we should go to work by bus or on foot instead of driving.
Third, we should plant more trees, protects the forest to forbid strictly randomly chopping randomly cuts down.
In order to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases.
All in all, it is our responsibility and obligation to stop global warming, In fact, the environment is not difficult as long as you support environmental protection, is that you give the best gift of this planet.
We need to start with each person with positive faces.
Significance of the university of our self-improvenment, is that we have the right to determine our goals, is that we made the right choice, because we are from a higher and wider perspective to think of our life, thinking about our future, think of our lives meaning.
College life is the most important growth and mature decisive stage.
We are about to society, will go wider world, many of the issues that we need to think seriously again.
The reason why is that man who thought he would not like an animal unconscions Hunhunee life.
He knows to take the initiative to explore the value and meaning of life.
In my view, the significance of university is not to get a degree, more often, universities can improve our personality, increase self-cultivation.
Along with the rapid development of economy, there are more and more problems brought to our attention, for example, melamine-contaminated milk incident, cruelty to animals, poisonous capsule incident and so on.
Some people argue that these phenomenons are caused by young people losing the traditional values of the older generations.
We can not deny a fact that some young people lack a sense of responsibility, but most of young people still keep the traditional values, and it is a complicated question relate to many aspects.
Personally, I totally disagree with this opinion.
The reasons are presented below.
The main reason why I disagree the opinion is that young people do not lose traditional values but conduct new values.
These new values are necessary for society development.
Values are part of culture that always change, so it is multi-faced.
These new values root in the traditional values, and reflect the progress of the society.
For instant, many young people advocate personal freedom, which is considered self-centered, it clearly indicate that young people are more independent.
We can't image that a person who never enjoy the warmth of other persons would advocate personal freedom.
What is also worth noticing fact is that young people still keep many traditional values.
They love their family, nation and friends, respect nature, and help people who suffer poverty or illness.
Many students from universities go to backward areas for give assistance to improve schooling every year.
Many graduates give up high-paying jobs for being the village officials.
Many young people help children and elders as youth volunteers.
Finally, although there are few young people who lack a sense of responsibility and are self-centered around us, we can't deem that all young people should be negative.
On the other hand, these young people who losetraditional values shouldn't be blamed only, family, education and society should take the indirectly responsibility.
There is only a child in many family, so young people become the focus in their family .The current education system ignore quality-oriented education.
There are so much money-oriented people in our society that young people affected and changed.
From what has been discussed above, we may safely draw the conclusion that young people respect, carry out and develop the traditional values of the older generations.
The young people are the hope of our nation, we should not deny them but help them.
In summary, our young people don't lose the traditional values of the older generations.
People are born to death.Life is the present the god gives us to experience all the joys and sorrows so that we can be a rich person at the end of our destination.Bunyan has described the life as a journey,absolutely,as it is.To all of us,time maybe circular for the seasons,the weather,and human nature,but for humans,time is painfully one-directional.
The article "One More To The Lake",written by the E.B.White,shows us great wisdom and thought of life,death,time,comparing the past and the present of his own experiences to the Maine,which is the potential map of all of us.The lake gives a great expression to the little boy,as a infinitely remote and primeval lake.Without doubt,the author returns to the lake with his son because of the beautiful memory of the lake.However,the feeling is the same as many years ago,the same small waves,the same boat,the same place,the same freshwater leavings and debris,which confuses the author that the years were a mirage and there had been no years and whether he is the little boy beside him.All the things just as same as tomorrow and he seems to be living a dual existence.All of the memory gives the author sharp and creepy sensation,as described in the "Rip Van Winkle".Everywhere they went,the author can't distinguish himself and his son.Somehow,life is a beautiful picture,and from the article,after the thunderstorm,like an old melodrama,all the life can still fill with light,hope and spirits.However,with the time wearing on,all the people have to face the reality--life is not a circle and the destination of all of us is death.change is the immortal topic of life.What we must focus on is the process rather than the destination.So,all those times and memories which are infinitely precious worth saving and bearing in our mind.Peace and goodness and jollity are always in the deep heart of the author.When,someday,the death comes,we can treat it in a candid way without any regrets or worries.
Admittedly,life is never a easy journey with sunshine and always shot through with flowers and applauses,but also accompanies with frustrations and stumbling blocks.All the different experiences can colorize and spice our daily dull life so that we can face our death strongly and confidently.Death never comes alone but combines with new-born life,hope and spirits.Namely,the evolution of human beings and life can be sustained in the other form.It can be a chain in a sense.Compared with the nature,the life of human being is weak but it can have supreme spirit,and all the life can be blended in the nature.With the decay of vitality,weariness increases,the thought of rest will not be unwelcome.I should wish to die when i have gone thorough all the sorrows and joys,knowing that other new-born life will carry on what i can no longer do,and content in the thought that what was possible has been done.All of us,if in old age,can see life in this way,will not suffer from the fear of death,since the things we cares for will continue.All the new-born lives will give us enough confidence,strength and rescue for the death.All that we want to experience have done and what we like will go on,so,what will weaken us?
In addition,the author shows us definitely his affection for the nature and all the wonderful and beautiful scenes bestow the tranquility and peace of the mind of the author.Obviously,the nature have magic power to soothe all the spirits with weariness and scars.All the lives can find their special homes in the nature,embraced by the nature.Living in the harmony with the nature can water the spirit of us,we can find nothing may prevents us from freedom and get rid of hustle and bustle in the cities.Both new-born lives and creatures facing the death are the great works of the nature,which creates the balance of the universe,Death and birth can not be a circle of only one person but, can be that of all the creature,making the immortality the perpetual theme of the nature.When we die,our bodies belongs to the soil,spirits passing down.Nature,life,existence and death are essential blocks of our life,like a balance,we can live in a wonderful life when we find the fulcrum of it.Time ,like grease smoothing a machine,can heal the wounds and take wonderful moments.The things happened years ago is just like the moments yesterday.Evidently,life is the present the god bestows us,with inspiration,aspiration,perspiration and desperation.With many sorrows and frustrations,we can still smile and hold a sanguine attitude to our lives.
John Lennon said,life is what happening when we are busy making plans.Time takes away a lot of wonderful moments and death comes,but we don't have the reason for reluctant passion for life.We can find the peace and tranquility of our heart,and all the spirits left and witness the existence of us.The song,Yesterday Once More,can describes the felling of our deep heart.
In our life, we can read every kind of collection of books to increase our knowledge of extracurricular, but in life, I think we should read some conservation literature to increase our literatur.
In the literature of the ocean of knowledge, we can learn to not learn in ordinary life knowledge, in the books we learned should do a person, how to communicate with others, how to establish a good interpersonal relationship.
There is in our school occupies the important position in the history of our nation in 5000 Chinese, ancient China there are many celebrities wrote many works of literature, widely circulated in the society at that time.
There are said to be China's four famous works, most of them have been shot out of the TV series or movie, let people around the world watched.
At the same time, the foreign people are also attracted by our Chinese literature.
Most of them are of our China literary works, as the four famous etc..
So the literature is very important.
I think I would like to take him to the most interesting place on our campus is Zhi Yuan pavilion.
Zhi Yuan pavilion between our stadium and Chen Si public square.
It's in the center of a beautiful small lake.
The lake is green and blue and there are many fishes in it.
Most of the fishes are carp which belongs to the lake and I think they are very beautiful and cute.
There is a small bridge on the lake, the bridge is crooked, and it means the Yellow River Jiuqu.
There are often some lovers inside are concerned with love and romance on the bridge.
And also many students are watching the scenery in the pavilion.
In the spring and summer, many green trees are around the lake and the fish swimming in the water, it is a beauty.
In the autumn, leaves fall in the lake and there is a piece of golden yellow on the lake, make us kindness and pleasing to the eye.
In the winter, though the lake was frozen, the lake gives people a sense of holiness.
This is the most interesting place which has the beautiful scenery all year round, and I hope he will like here.
In my National Day,I have been to BeiJing with my best friend.It was a great joueney!
Last three days,we visited the streets of Beijing.We went to the snack street.There are a lot of delicious snacks,especially the famous Beijing roast duck.Beijing roast duck is really delicious,crispy on the outside,soft on the inside.We also went to buy clothes in a relatively cheap place.
We were very enjoyed our journey.We took a lot of pictures.This is our common good memories!
That's no doubt that love is important and necessary in daily life.
There is love around me.
For example, when the weather gets cold, my mum will give a coat to me.
I feel happy and warm when I get love from her.
I like the feelings, so I want to let more people know the feelings.
I should show my love to my parents and people who need help.
I am going to write a letter to them, and buy some flowers for my parents.
I think they will be happy and excited.
My name is X. I come from Y which city l like.
I am eighteen years old.
l am a quiet girl.
l like reading some novels.
And l also enjoy watching TV which has beautiful actors.
Sometimes l talk with my friends.
We usually talk something interesting.
I think my happiest time is playing with them.
I love my family members.
lf l am not at home, l will miss them very much.
l like blue and pink best.And l have some clothes and bags are blue or pink.
My dream is leading a life what l want in the future.
So now l will study hard in schoollife.
I believe l willhave a happy life after l study hard.
You know,nowadays ,money is everything.Many people do something because they want something .But huve you heard the story about CongFei?He devoted all his money to the kid to go to school,even himself has no money to treat his cancer.All he had done got nothing, but in heavy belt.
So you can do good deed without ang reward.Maybe you get something you don't know.
Yes,I know,you want to get something when you pay for something.I can understand it, it's man's nature.
Just like the fishmen who was excepted to save the drown children was not going to save or even pick up children's dead body.I think man shoud have their humanism,in any situation.I dont' know how these freshmen have their heart to see these children drown to death,even they saw some yong university students who didn't know how to swim jumped into the river to rescue the children,but three of them died.
I am sorry to hear that.
In this economical world, some social ethics are losing.
The university students made a great contrast between these cold-blood fishmen.They do know they can't swim, the call in their heart made them to do it.They did good deeds without any reward ,but to contribute their live.
Everyone knows Leifeng, he was the great people in China, all his life was used to help others, without any complain.
As we can see ,there is a universal phenomenonin our compus that are called seat taken.I believe that most of us has everdone it and someone may have looked it as normalcynow.
It's easy to find it thatsome students think that seat taken is uncivilized behavior.Some unlucky guys can't find good seats even that they are the earliest one to arrive at the classroom.Because someone has gone here and put their books down on the good seats.Of course someone are on the opposite side.
There is a said going that every coin has two sides.
So I think it's wise to hold different view on it.It's normal ,isn't it?Everyone who wants to get better study effects is willing to stay on a good place.We don't have the right to reduce their enthusiam of study.Let the nature take it's course.
Last week,I helped my mom do the chores too,because Isaw mom was very busy.
In the momrning,I make the bed and helped mom cooked breakfast,mom was very happy saw this.Then,I took out the rubbish,cleaned the living room and washed the clothes.My mom was sweeping the floor while I was wathering the flowers.
In the everning,I helped my mom cooked dinner.Afer dinner,I did the dishes,I back the living room.I folded my clothes,I didn't go to beb until I foided my clothes.
It's very lovely, gentle and naughty.
It's hair is as white as snow.
It has four legs, two small eyes and nose.
A tummy, a big tail, a pair of ears and a head.
It eats fish and meat.
It lives in the jungle or home.
It can run fast.
It's cat.
I love Vivi.
As is vividly seen from the picture , the boy gives 100 dollars for the girl to express the friendship ,saying this is low case.The boy consider that the money can buy the friendship.
I consider the boy's action is wrong .
I think the real friendship is princeless.
The benefits of friendship are bondless and sometimes invisible.
A good friend is adviser .
When we face problem ,the friend can give us some advice.We need a realiable friends to guide us and help us on our way.
Because out own points of view towads things may not be always right .Therefore,it is necessary for us to seek advice from friends.As the same time we should avoid to make bad friends,bacause they always do harm to us and teach some bad things for us.
We need real friends ,we should make friends to hlep us and give us some advice.
Civil servants is a superior remuneration, social status and relative work relatively stable industry.I think examination of civil service in the modern society more and more people, can be reflected from one college graduates employment has the certain difficulty.Things are always two sides to everything.
Civil service exam can provide a lot of excellent talents for the government, to better serve the people, for the participants of the civil service exam, in the fierce competition is conducive to improve their own quality and ability.For parents, in the hope that their children have a steady job.I think the development of the civil service career, salary, benefits, retirement security, and these are the reasons why attract college students to take an examination of civil service.
However I think the civil service examinations have a bad side, enter oneself for an examination the number of civil servants are often more than the number of the position requires, so a lot of waste of human resources, and only to pass the exam nor fair to reflect the ability and level of people, can't make a lot of excellent college students realize the value of life.
To sum up, attend officeholder exam or to decide according to their own dreams, we should have their own idea, what kind of work as long as the intention to be successful, the main can't blindly follow suit.To believe that a three hundred and sixty lines out of the top.So we should correctly treat the civil service exam.
In the library,everybody is concentrate read widely and Miscellaneous.sudden.Whom the phone sound break quiet in library.It is dreadful in public.and we respect each other.
Lead to the other cannot read the book.So we should keep quiet in the library.
In my opinion.library should provide the rule.restrict mobile phone in the library .
play an essential role in our daily life.
Blog is web log,it is a web side,of course for everyone,to express our mind,our news or our feelings.By blog we cannot only share our happiness or sadness with our friends but can pay our attention to our friends blog,so that we can care more about our friends.When we have difficulty in studies,there must be someone kind enough to support us by blog.When our friends have lucky things,we could send our congratulation to them in time.We also can change our mind with others by blog.We can acquire the news and knowledge from blogs.
Why blog can so these years?As far as I am concerned the most crucial reason is the development of the Internet.
life become more and more better,but we need more attention.Besides,our face to face the talk is reduced,so blog become the important way for us to communicate.Last but not the least,our mind become more and more open.
Becouse blog is set up in Internet,some people frequently tell lies in blog.It is wrong.We should respect others although in Internet we cannot see others.
All in all,blog have become an important part in our life,we should make full use of it.
Learning method is extremely essential for students.
Different students have different learning methods, some students learn to remember, so they are good at memorizing knowledge points; some students learn to think, so they are good at understanding.
As far as I am concerned, I coincide with the first kind of learning method.
It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts.
There are two reasons for my point of view.
On the one hand, learning to think is a kind of competence.
Thinking plays a very important role in ones learning.
