The directors are supposed to have a deep awareness and sensitivity to what it is to be human being and introducing that into this expressiveness and meaningfulness of their work of art.
The director uses that phrase to describe his esthetics to apply to all films in the nature of film how it is inherently poetic.
That's what do the poetry of film imply.
The appearance of the discrepancy mostly because William Randolph Hearst life is told from the perspective of different people.
It's all sledging towards what people saw or him.
It wasn't his life seen from his perspective.
It wasn't from his perspective but his life period no matter who is seeing it.
Orson Wellesmentioned that he doesn't believe that you need any filmknowledge to make a good movie.
You just needan understanding of culture and human history.He talks about how we can hold up a mirror to nature.That's all you really need.But at the end of that, he also says a mirroris only a mirror.
It's your understanding and curiosity about the world at large.
That's essentialover above the techniques which you have to havein order to make a film.
So that's beyond themeaning, supplementing technique which he was verysensitive to.
History seems to remember the heroic moments,and the triumphs that people remember those great things.
We think in the futurepeople can be looking backand it's a mythif you think of it what's calledthe aspects of eternity, certain aspects of eternity.Past isn't something to be glamorizedto be the nostalgic about, sentimental about,because the past is gone.But we mytholize, we turn into a mythology and mythologize it.
My mobile phone is a white one with some blue stripes around.
There are four circles with different images on the surface.Different circles are used for different purposes.For instance, if I miss a message , one of the circles will light till I find it, which is true of other situations.So it is quite convenient for me to check my missed calls and messages.After opening it ,there is a screen which is not very big.
And all the buttons are round, among which, the biggest one is the mp3 controller.
Though my mobile phone looks very simple, it has various functions.
For example, it has a camera and a video-recorder.
With them ,I can record everything I like at any time.
Besides, it is a music phone,therefore, I can enjoy music of high quality.
Like many other mobile phones, it has access to the Internet,too.
In addition, it also has three kinds of dictionaries to help me learn English.
All in all, I think my mobile phone is really excellent.
As we know,the Internent not only is more and more popular in the world but also one is biggest source of information in the world.So many students like study on the internat.
But,many perant thinks school stady is more important than on internat.I agreet with it,too.why are they think of?
help them immediately and keep student's friendship more friendly to each other .Besides about 70%studens often use the computer to play computer games.So that,personaly some parent think many students ' control force isn't best and More and more student often do some others pefer to study on computer.
As a result ,when their parents make them stop to do it that will angry with their parents.
Life in college is colorful.
Various clubs and communicates welcome any students.We can do many things in college.Butpeople people say as a college ,we are lack of social practice.
College student should take part in social practice.
Indeed,taking part in social practice does a lot of good to us.,l think.
To begin with,by taking part in social practice,we can apply our knowledge and skills acquried in college to practice.By doing that,we are given the opportitunity to see if we have a good command of the knowledge.This is especially ture for us who take foreign languages as majors.
What is more,we can also gain experience from social pratice.So we can get a good chance in job application and careers in future.
When an opportunity comes,it brings promise for success.So we should seize every opportunity to take part in social practice.
The needless slaughter on streets and highways can be attributed to several causes.
This problem is mainly caused by the errors of human judgment.
For example, when people drunken driving, they may ride cars in excessive speed and make a fault judgment, so the odds of leading to a traffic accident will rise up much.
Contributory cause is the environmental conditions, such as blind corner, narrow streets, especially heavy fog, internitten rain or snow.
As we can see, when weather is bad, more traffic accidents happend.
On the other hand, mechanical failures like faulty brakes or bald tyres may become the cause of an traffic accident.
In my opinion, school study is more important.
In school, you can study with teachers and pupils, also learn more from school.
Xi Jinping said.
Teachers can teach you all they know.
If you make mistakes, they just smile, so that you do not feel completely stupid.
As we can know, working together as a class is necessary.
In class, you can study with your pupils.
When you ask them question, they will answer all your question.
they make you gain friendship.
Personally, I think, spending too much time looking at a computer is dangerous.
Not only it hearts your eyes, but also makes you addicted to the Internet.
You can learn more in Internet, but if you can't get control of yourself, it is bad for you.
''If you tend to be triumphant, you must have persistence'', that's what my father told me when I was just a child.
Then he asked me to start doing exercise such as running or playing ball games half an hour a day.
I followed what he said at first for it is new to me.
Then I was bored with it .
Nevertheless because of afraid of being punished by my father , I still insist in it but I started dealing with it.
When I went to middle school.
I quited it for I have a lot homework .
But now , I know I was wrong before in that I will fall sick easily , and when I participated in sport activities , I would fall behind.
Then, I start doing exercise every day now.
Dear Miss.
I sincerely thank you for the help of our travel, from your speech, I found a beautiful and special nature.
Under your leadership, we solve a lot of unnecessary difficulties during the trip, and play more fun.
It is you that gives us the most fantastic impression on this original ordinary site and adds enmorous fun to this trip.
All the members fell in love with your game about hide and seek and enjoyed their time there.
on behalf of the company and all its employees,we intend this letter as a token of our appreciation for your hard work and beautiful tour guiding for us.we sincerely hope that your expertise would continue to benefit travellers around the world wanting to eye witne.
To achieve ameaningful college life .First to join the community ,the university community has a lot actively participate in social activities Finally , you want to play in the University, to improve their experience ,the future will be a great benefit to find a job, l think this is very meaningful for my college life.
I hope my university life has their own harvest.
Nice to meet you,my dear Miss X.Let me introduce myself to you.
My name is Y,and my English name is Circle.I know circle means round in Chinese.My English name was called Circle because I have round eyes,round nose,round face and round shoulder.I am from Z but I am lived in P for many years.I have a big family,included my father,my mother,my brother,my sister and me.And I'm the oldest child in our family.
When I am free,I often listen to the music like HK pop music,the rock music is also one of my favourite kinds.Besides,I like singing.I often go to KTV with my good friends.In my opinion,the best place to sing is the bathroom.That means I'm a bathing singer.
I like singing but I don't want to be a singer.The singer must suffer a lot,but I like the freedom.So I want to be a business woman in the future.It can go anywhere on business.To me,it is a dream job.
In my college life,I really want to improve my English grades that I can find a good job for myself.
That's me,thanks for your reading.
The a boom of tourism can contribute to the prosperity of the local economy.With the remarkable improvement of people's living standard,people begin to attach great importance to entertainment.Therefore,the development of tourism is the inevitable result of social development and a symbol of society progress.Meanwhile,there is no doubt that it will offer more job opportunities,and result in the development of economy.
On the other hand,however,the number of tourists increase quickly,the cultural and historic sites and valuable natural resources are confront with more and more severe damage.It is far away from the idea of environmentlly friendly.
As far as I am concerned,we should make joint efforts to contribute to the development of the economy as well as the protection of environment.
To keep pace with the world economy,we must take advantage of resources to develop our economy.From another perspective,we should interest in the long run,and take effective measures to make sure the health the development of economy and environment.Only by this way can we hope to achieve our goals.
I get up and wash face at half past eight.
At a quarter to nine I have healthy breakfast.
I write homework carefully during nine to ten thirty.
I do exercise in the park for one hour.
I have nice lunch at twelve o'clock.
I have IT class and English class from one p.m to three p.m.
I read many kinds of books for two hours.
At half past eighteen I have a bit of dinner.
At seven o'clock at night I search for information online or watch TV programme what I like.
Then I put away things at night.
At nine thirty I goes to sleep.
As society develops, people are pay much attention to traffic accident .
The needless slaughter on streets and highways can be attributed to three general reasons.
In fact , most accidents caused by human factors , specially excessive speed , drunken driving , momentary lapses , break traffic rules , which both are the most common human error .
In addition , a great variety of bad environment and terrible weather also attribute traffic accident such as , icy road , fog caused salubrity , blind corners , narrow streets , heavy crowd .
the last reason is mechanical failures , tire burst , something not works suddenly etc .
but if we can check it , these mechanical allures would be escaped.
if we are more carefully whenever , we would avoid many miserable tragic accidents , safe travel is the most important .
Whom I love most is my mother.
I think say our favorite person is our mother is people's nature.
The reasons are so many.
My mother loves me very much and my mother is kind and forgiving.
My mother is a short temper.
But she doesn't lose her temper with families.
She cares about us.
But she doesn't care about herself.
She cooks a meal when my father, my brother and I are home.
Or she doesn't cook a meal.
She eats food at random and then she goes to work.
My mother is plainly dressed.
Sometimes she not buys clothes for herself one year.
She always buys many clothes for me.
She said whatever I wear is OK. My mother is a plainly person.
My mother likes smiling to me.
She always smiles to me when I watching TV.
I asked her the reason, but she only say that because her feel happy.
I feel happy too when my mother smiles to me.
Sometimes I am left with a sense of guilt.
I only help my mother do some homework to ease my mother's shoulder.
I love my mother forever.
There are a great number of after-school activities in my school.I take part in many of them such as community activities,sports activities and English movie activities.Taking part in community activities makes me more confident.Doing more sports is good for my health.Watching English movie can not only help me improve spoken English but also make me feel relaxed .What's more,I take part in art activities.It makes me have great progress in drawing.
Choosing right activities is really important if you want to take part in them.You should choose the after-school activities you are interested in.
In a word,after-school activities are very useful for us.The more activities you enter,the more knowledge and experience you will get.
As far as I am concerned,it is good for us to take a part-time job.First of all,we can balance to our life.As college students the study is not all for us.And taking a part-time job can make up our boring life.In addition,a part-time job can broaden our experience,we have opportunities to meet a variety of people and problems.Thus,it helps us to develop our independence.Moreover,taking a part-time job can improve our communicating ability,especially communicate with the boss.
To answer this question, we have a discussion with my classmates.
There are 40 per cent of students think animals should be kept in zoos.
Because it is happy of people to see many different kinds of animals.
And they think animals can be taken good care of.
However, 60 per cent of students think that animals like living in the natural environment.
Becides, they think animals will not have freedom to do action if they are kept in the cages.
I think we should keep animals in the wild instead of in the zoos.
The animals can grow well and live a happy life in the wild.
It is our duty to protect the animals in nature.
We shouldn't pollute the water and cut down the trees.
We can make many nature reserves.
Because it is big enough to live.
I hope they can live comfortably.
Sun shuwei,a man who came from Guangdong, was a 14 years old boy joined in diving.Sun shuwei was so fond of diving that he joined the Guangdong Diving Team at the age of 8.It's because he loved diving so he was worked hard in school,what'more,he was being carefull and serious when he trained in the team.Thanks to his hard working,when his was 13,he took part in the National Team to accept the better training.With time going by, not only he won the gold medal in the Asia Games in 1990,but also won the champion in the swimmingChampions.
There is a general debate on the campus today over the phenomenon of college students' doing a part-time job.Those who object to it argue that students should not spend their precious time in this way.However, for people to think, to do some work related to the professional, can improve students' study can not get a lot of experience.Several years ago, people were often a little surprised when they heard that a college student was doing a part-time job.
In recent years, it is very usual that college students do the part-time job when they are still the students.
But many people think it will influence their achievements if they work after school.
In my opinion,college students have chances to take part-time jobs, so if they need more money besides the living expenses their parents afford, they could earn it themselves.
On the other hand, the college students should work or practice in enterprises to accumulate relevant management and marketing experiences.
However, today the college students are more inclined to have a part-time job.
It is ordinary to communicate with others in our daily life,so expressing ourselves is a necessary skill.But how can we to make a positive expression?
In my opinion,at first If you want to be understood well you should make your language fluently and briefly,for which can be understood easily.Then when you speak to others,you should look at his eyes and make sure he has known what you want to express by your eyes.The next,if you want to express something more real.You could make some gesture while you describe them.Above all,you must speak with emotion,which could help you to attract their attention.What you should pay attention to is when you speak to different people,you could learn their customs and avoid saying something they dislike.
All in all,it was an essential to skill to make a good expression.I hope it is helpful for us to communicate with others well,and I am looking forward to you having a good impression in your lives !
While I am a child,I usually went to play with my young partener without fishing homework.So,my parents must go to everywhere on my countryside for found me to eating.
Certenly,they were very angry.They usually hit me use their shoes.After eating,I would foget they have hit me use his big shoes,and leave.
There is a story filled with touched but so beautiful about the old couple of kate and chris .
Often kate and kuris ,their big scrapbooks in their laps,would be reminiscing over the photos .
Kate and chris white-hired,but deeply konw the meaning of love.stolling around the big porches and lowns ,always hold hand .More,bedtime also followed a ritual.Because chris always help kate from chair to the bad and tuck the covers in around her frail body .chris also reach up and turn off the light above kate's bed .then tenderly he would bend ,and they would kiss gentlely .chris would pat her cheek,and both smild.they say "good night"to each other .
While ,chris died in a moring because of a heart attack.I happend so quickly that kate like lose her all world .She dropped herself in sadness and can't go to sleep every night until I kiss her wrinkled every night .Tears ran down her face .
She said she just can not seem to go to sleep without his kiss.
This is their love .
Self-confidence,is one of the most important quality in our life beyond debate,as well as hard to cultivate.And most of the people confused self-confidence and overconfidence.So,what is self-confidence and how we can gain the self-confidence.
First and foremost, you should appreciate you are self-contempt,self-confidence or overconfidence.
Besides,you can keep the style if you are confidence.Nevertherless, for self-contempt and overconfidence,it's the vital parts to build self-confidence.
For self-contempt,inferiority of the people let such an opportunity slip.So,how to make self-contempt turn to self-confidence.On the one hand, they should remember a word in their mind,"Everybody is born in the world,must have value to the world.
"On the other hand,they can do what they are good at,just like they are in their element.But not beyond their ability.Confidnce is cumulate by small success.
For overconfidence,they can see the every opportunity,but they hardly seize the opportunity.So,how to make overconfidence turn to confidence.For one thing,they should remember a word like the inferiority of the people,"Even Confucius have shortcoming,no one is perfect.
"For another thing, they should know their ability and the ability who will fight a battle with them by anticipation.Confidence can disappear in only one small mistake.
Last but not least,confidence will not always be by your side.Confidence just like a wilful child,and small success just like a toy.He was attracted by the toy.But he will leave without hesitation if you make a small mistake.
In conclusion,confidence can stimulate you to make greater efforts,and to obtain bigger success.So now,let's realize what is self-confidence and start to build self-confidence,and achieve our dreams.
My name is Z. I'm writing to you to ask for a week leave, for the reason that my dear mum is sick and living in the hospital now.
So I have to come back home to visit her.Here are the telex which receive from my brother to prove that.Now I really hope that you can permit the leave I had made between fifth and eleventh in May, whereas I promise you that I'll be sure to make up for the missed work after I come back.
Please approve my leave.Thank you very much.
Traveling is a very good thing to relax someone' soul.
It also makes me be close to the natural.
I went to The Three Gorges Dams last year.
It is fantastic.
It is about 2300 metres long,185 metres high and 15 metres widely at the top.
It produces electricity for millions of people in China.
It is one of the most famous scenic spots in China.
It has a great power.
I always imagine if I have the power of The Three Gorges Dam,what I can do for the human's better life.
I took the photos of The Three Gorges Dams there, it is not only big but also huge.
There are more than yen millions of tourists every year.
I want to go there again because it is so exciting in the trip.
I wish I can go there one day because I think The Three Gorges Dams are so powerful.
We are glad to inform you that the captioned goods under our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 items have been shipped S.S ''PEARL" and will be made a partial shipment S.S'' May flower" in HONGKONG.
The price will be in accordance with "cost and freight".
We have faxed to you in 15th, March 2013 so that you will insure in time.
Recently,should the government establish free libraries in each town has been brought into focus.Some people think that the government should do it.Others,however,believe that it is a waste of money since the publican use the Internet at home to obtain information.As far as I am concerned,I think the government should not do it.
I have two reasons for my opinion.To begin with,most of people choose to read book on the Internet.
And fewer and fewer people go to the library to read a book.Secondly,if the government establish free libraries in each town,that will cost a lot of money.
The government can use the money to build more schools and hospitals.That is more useful to people.
From what has been discussed about,we may draw a conclusion that we don't need to build libraries in each town.What we need now is schools and hospitals.So the government should consider what is best for people.
I think I am the luckiest person in the world because of the love around me.
When I meet the difficulties,my friends will help me.The friendship here is like the love,and my life is filled by this.With the help of them,I think nothing can tRouble me.In addition,I help my friends in trouble as well.This action can show my love.
All in all,love is from each other.If we care for others,they will do the same thing like me.
Every year thousands of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.The civil service is a steady job, civil service examination after we need not worry about the problem of unemployment.
So I in favor of to be a civil servant after graduating from university.
Why should the civil service exam.First the civil servants work stability .and work time has rules ,no overtime too much.Second,the civil service salary levels are currently at the middle level in our country .And the intensity of labor is not too high.And so on.
So I think be a civil servant after university is a wise decision.
Big percentage of students feel nervous during their important exams.Their nervous can lead to headache,lacking of energy,sleeping worse ang having a poor appetite.
What's more, these symptoms have terrible effects on their feelings and their exams.
To get rid of these symptoms, here are some advice.
First of all, making a good revising plan which fits yourself is important before the examination.
what's more, do as the normal daily routine can help you relax.
Besides, sleeping well heip you have enough energy to behave well in the exam,so try a warm bath or a cup of warm milk before go to bed.
Moreover, taking a deep breath before you go into the examination room will do some help to some extant.
I hope these advice can be helpful.
A few years ago, when I entered the university, I cannot adapt to the new life soon, because the city was so unacquainted for me that I always cherished the memories of previous life because I was accustomed to the past life, although I felt tired sometimes.
I missed my close friends who were far away from my college.
So I was in low spirit, as a result, I was not able to concentrate on my daily study.
"She asked.
She asked.
I answered and my teacher didn't say anything then.
It was the moment that I understood an important point: we always believe that the past life is indelible and fortunate, but it is just because that we ignore the things which made us dispirited.
Although you feel depressed at this moment, when you think of it several years later, you will not think so any more.
So it will help us have a better life to pay close attention to this moment instead of thinking of the past and the things which you have lost all the time.
It is dead easy to cook tomato soup and it tastes delicious.
First, you need prepare some ingredients.
Prepare some onions, two or three big ones.
You must have enough onions---that's make the soup taste good.
Prepare some tomatoes, about 700 grams for four to six people, but I don't think that'a enough in that the soup is so good that everybody ask for more.
You'd better prepare more.
Then you need prepare some oil, salt, pepper, two cloves of garlic and any herbs that you feel like putting in.
put all these at hand to ensure they are available.
Second, you need do some preparation work.
Wash the tomatoes carefully and cut them into quarters.
Chop the onions and garlic.
Then put them into separate bowls, which makes convenient when you are cooking.
Third, you can start to cook.
To begin with, you put some oil in a saucepan and put in on a low heat.
Fry the onions and garlic gently for three or four minutes.
Pay attention to keep to stirring everything gently while it is frying.
After three or four minutes, put the tomatoes into the saucepan and pour in some water.
Add plenty of salt and pepper and herbs according to you own taste.
Then stir everything thoroughly, put the lid on the saucepan and bring it to the boil.
Leave it to cook slowly over low heat for an hour or so.
When everything is soft and it smells terrific, you can tell it's ready.
The next step, you take it off the cooker and strain it through a sieve.
Then put the soup back into the saucepan and cook it gently for two or three minutes.
Besides, you need see whether it needs any more salt.
That is my advice to cook tomato soup.
I think if you prepare fully and do as the above tips and steps, you will make the tasteful soup.
Nowadays,with the fierce competition in study,a lot of students suffer from great mental pressure.Due to it,the Students Union will hold a activity named "Psychological Health Week".
The theme of the event is "how to relieve psychological pressure of the students".
We will organize some activities,such as the lectures,performances and so on.If you interested in it,you can join in us.We also have a psychological consultation and you can say your troubles, release the pressure.
Because of the studying, we all have more or less pressure.I think this activity is a great chance for us to relax ourselves, so that we will be more devoted to the study and grow up healthy and happy.
So if you like it,come on whit me.
The most compelling is an endeavor is to change a deep-entrenched misconception prevalent among college students.
on this age of rapid depletion of natural resources, it is of paramount importance to create a conservation-oriented campus.
The creation of such an ecologically-friendly campus would significantly contribute to China's overall efforts to become a leading low-carbon nation in the world.
Most universities provide water and electricity for free, misleading students into believing that such resources are limitless and inexhaustible.
We should realize that, currently, many parts of our country are suffering from unprecedented drought and power scarcity.
We should sh concern for the welfare of people in those places by refusing to be selfish in satisfying our own needs.
As responsible citizens of our society, we have the responsibility to recycle whatever we can lay hands on.
The small efforts by a single individual may make a huge difference.
a well-educated college student is to be conservation conscious.
College graduates are the future of our country and by enhancing their conservation awareness they would definitely play a leading role in protecting our environment in the future and in making our world a better place to live.
Charles Dickens who was famous for novel 's writer was born at Portsea.His father was arrested for debt and set to prison and his family was very poor.When he was a young boy,he was experienced a lot of incredible events that help to write many works filled with profound emotion.During Charles worked in a lawyer's office,he published his first work and gradually succeed to his later works.Owing to hard working,his health was becoming fail.In 1870,he was dead.
Now,people have to face many problems in cities having so much more violence and people don't know how to the much better deal with the situation.People understood that they should control their indeed.What's more,the government paid attention to this problem and was taking measures to nudge people gently in the right direction and the situation were being solved by the government.If the circumstances were changed,the mental attitude of violence would only gradually disappear.
There was a girl, who was quite beautiful.
But one day, she began losing hair.
She tried many medicines, hoping to make her hair grow again.
Unfortunately, there wasn't any effect.
In one night, when she was sleeping, she dreamt that a man showed her some plants and said those helped grow hair.
She was very excited.
Once she got up, she began to look for that amazing plants.
She tried them and kept hoping.
Soon, her hair grew faster.
For her, the life seemed much better.
Thank goodness, she was beautiful again.
However, she wanted to sell the precious products.
Only she herself knew why she did this.
Don't think the sky falls pies.
You can get benefit because god knows you will do something good for others later.
From the chart, we can see that each year millions of college students will sit in for the post-graduate entrance examination and the number of post-graduates is increasing every year.
It's no doubt that more and more students have regarded the pursuing of a master's degree as an indispensable part of their education.
First of all, it is the request of the age.
In an age of knowledge updating and information explosion, what you have learned in college can hardly meet the need of society.
Therefore, graduates are equipped with both strong techonology and business knowledge, making them extremely competitive in the human resource market.
Under this circumstance, it's quite an appealing option.
Then, we all recognize that the more education you have, the more likely you are to succeed.
Compared with those without a master's degree, masters will enjoy more preferential treatment, for example, better salaries, more opportunities for promotion and training.
Meanwhile, many of them regard post-graduate as a springboard, on which many of their other wishes rest.
So a post-graduate degree can guarantee a more promising career.
Last but not least, with the graduation of a large number of college students, competition for jobs becomes more and more fierce,especially in this age of sluggish world economy.
One way to gain some advantages over others is to have a higher degree.
The reason for this phenomenon is complex.
Personally, I don't appreciate or want to see more university students accumulate wealth, status or power in life through such a path.
I think they should do more innovation rather than blindness.
It's said that If one person have confidence,nothing can't prevent he from finishing every thing what he determined.Is it really essential for us to build a confidence?In fact,so it is.In our lives,there are plenty of examples.
So as a university student,we should more pay attention to construct confidences.Then,how to be confident on university?In my opinion ,I have the following points.
The first one ,try our best study knowledge to full of us is essential,you have plentiful knowledge,can have more opportunities of emerge ourselves.The second ,we must take exercise our courage and talent for speaking,express ourselves easier get confidence.The last one,make good friends with others,the one hand,we can have chat with friends we usually say have more friends have more way.The other hand,stay in touch with other also get confidence.
Last hope our university life full of excellent.
My favorite animal is rabbit.
Rabbit is an cute kind of amimals.It has two long ears.They can make rabbits hear carefully.It also has a short tail.They make rabbits so lovely.Rabbits likes carrots.If you are lonely.You can keep a rabbit.It can be your friends.
The little Rabbit has a coat of white hair.
The two ears are long and prick up on its head.
It is furry,soft and white with two red eyes glaring above the chin.Its eyes are like a pair of small red hulbs.
Exposed to sunlight, they become little pieces of red thread.
Its ears are straight and long and they can turn and move slightly.How cute it is!
Two days ago, a quarrel happened between my parents and me in my family.
The reason was that I wanted to put on my favourite clothes with yellow hat and a pair of blue shoes.I also have cut my hair with a new style.I thought it was fashionable and suited me.However, my parents disagree with me.They though I should wear the clothes which should fit me because I was also a student at present.But I still deny their idea,because I am adult at now and I have my own view to my own life.That's true that anything couldn't remove the generation gap.
It's very common at present.
Nowadays, the world we are living in is so competitive.
Every country search for fast way to boost thier economy.Some people cling to the fact that tourism is an important engine driving domestic economic growth and we should strive to develop in this regard.
However,at the same time, we should take the truth into account that tourism can harm to the environment as well.
Tourism goes against sustainable development.
First of all, tourism developers can cause damages to original appearance so as to make it beautiful to attract more tourists.
Second, some tourism sites will be polluted by litters dropped by tourists.
And an increasing number of tourists will disturb the normal life of kinds of animals.
Moreover, human interventions can exert impact on the ecological balance of these regions.
Although there are a lot of means that can be adopted to protect the environment in tourism.
Such as improving people's consciousness and education and so on.
However, this is a time-consuming process.
At present, the current tourism still does harm to environment directly.
We should strike balance between developing tourism and protecting the environment.
Nowadays, we, as a member of the global village, are confronted with one common enemy-Air pollution.
It has become the heatedly discussed topic about ways to deal with the problem of air pollution in cities.
People are so increasingly aware of this problem that amount of solutions are put forward.
As for me, the best way is cutting down the use of cars.
The benefits of my idea can be divided into the following three parts.
First of all, reducing the use of cars means to reduce the exhaust emissions.
If you go to street, it is easily to be surrounded by automobile exhaust and this is why a lot of people wear masks on the street.
Furthermore, reducing the use of cars can solve the problem of traffic jam.
It's not hard to find that our city is crowded by cars and it's easy to cause the traffic jam especially on rush hour.
Last but not least, reducing the use of cars is good for health.
You may ride a bicycle or go on foot instead of cars.
In conclusion, cutting down the number of cars can be a good way to solve the problem.
All of us should take actions to protect our environment.
Nowadays, we are so used to advertisements and they have become a crucial industry for a long time.
I will share some information with you in the following so that you can recognize more about it.
Firstly, advertisements are not only bringing a sales promotion but also giving us a variety of information update.
For example, when we watch TV we can frequently see some ads for a product that we never have a look before.
We aren't aware of it until we see the ad.
Secondly, ads have played an important role in our daily life by the propaganda in the radio, TV and computer.
We can find them easily.
Thirdly, advertising also provides people with lots of chances to work.
We can design the ads and take a picture for advertising and so on.
Besides all of these effects, I think some ads can even encourage people to more care about social concerns called PSA.
Unlike CAs, PSAs aim to teach us and help us lead better lives.
However, no matter what the ad is, we must admit that ads are so essential in our lives.
I'm L. Last year,we attended the summer camp in the US.
And this year,my school will hold a summer camp too.We have many interesting activities.For example,we will take you to get around in Beijing.
Show you the famous view.
Meanwhile, you can live in the Chinese family to experience the Daily life of Chinese families.
Etc.
I'll be your best guide.You can know traditional Chinese culture, and enjoy tasty Chinese food too.
I'm looking forward to your coming.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.Some students think it is good for us.In their opinion,we can get more knowledge through the Internet and we can broaden our minds.Besides,some special experiences that we have can be shared with our friends at once.Communication is becoming more and more easy.And it is a great way to relax as well.
However, a part of students think going online frequently is bad.First,spending too much surfing the Internet does harm to oue eyes.We will stay up to chat and play computer games if parents do not noticed us.So it wastes our time and energy.
My name is U.I'm an American which is living in New York.Last week,I went to Beijing to have a trip.I went there by plane November 3.At 4 o'clock,I arrived in Beijing.I stayed there for four days.On the first day,I went to the Great Wall.
It's so beatiful and majestic that I was very surprise.The next day I went to the Forbidden City.It's the place where the emperors lived.It's very large and beatiful.I think the emperors that lived there must be very happy.On the third day,I went to the Bird's Nest Stadium and the Water Cube.I have only seen them on TV.When I walked close,I was shocked by the beauty of it and I took many photos of it.On the last day,I finished my perfect trip and I am looking forward to go to Beijing next time.
As far as I'm concerned ,the case of comparing can be seen everywhere.
Aim at this problem,we have two parts of attitudes on it.Of course you can say "yes" or "no" .In my opinion,I will support the ideas that "it's wise to compare ourselves with others",I think it's okey,but in a way,we should have our limits at it.
so,try to compare with others and you will find the view of the and life will splendid than before.
It was a good day in my holiday.I went shopping with my friend under sunlight.When we felt little tire, we went to a noshery for took a rest.When we took the meal,we talking about somethings funny.We enioyed ourselvous.
Finshining the meal,we went out.At the moment,I forgot my wallet which was in the noshery.We were on our way to a stationer.I wanted to take out my wallet in advence.I was so worried when I couldn't find it in my bag.I decided to return the noshery as soon as possble.Suddently,I heared someone shouting.I turned round curiousty.I was suprised when I saw the people who was the waiter in the noshery.He gave me my wallet.I was so move that I couldn't say anything grateful.He could get my wallet and wiped out the money,but he not.What's justice he was!This is the thing which I couldn't forget.
I am a student,my neighbor loves listening to music very much.He always listens whole day,even in the evening.The music was noisy.When I did my homework,the music made me careless.And I couldn't do homework seriously.I was not happy.So I decided to talk with my neighbor:"Hello,I'm your neighbor.I know you love music very much.But can you think of others.You can turn down the music.It won't disturb anyone.Everyone will be happy.
"My neighbor thought for a moment,and said:"Yes,you are right.It is my mistake.I promise turn down the music.Sorry.
"From now on the music never disturb me any more.
Recently, according to the news report, Jaycee and Ke Zhendong detained for drug use.
Then, the problem of drug has aroused people's concern.
Some, however, tend to deem that the drug should be legalized, because they believe that drug legalization can solve the drug enforcement problem, that is we can reduce the money in law enforcement.
Others seem to assert that we shouldn't make drug legalized for it is harmful to citizens.
It can increase hospital costs and death rates.
Nevertheless, Former Mexican President Vicente Fox says the way to end the brutal drug war going on in his country is to legalize drugs.
Current President Felipe Calderon has agreed to open discussions about legalizing drugs.
He stressed that he remains opposed to the idea.
Nonetheless, I hold it differently.
Drug abuse cannot be completely prohibited, because there is no severe punishment for drug addicts.
We should regard drug abuse and other drug related behaviors are the criminal behavior.
Drug abuse is not only the "self-harm"behaviour for their body, but also can make the negative effect on their family and the social atmosphere.
It can cause huge economic waste and other crimes.
In short, it has obvious social harmfulness.
In addition, we should treat drug trafficking and carrying the drug are the criminal act.
Last but not least, we must be serious about drug problem.
It is universally acknowledged that everyone needs a house .But nowadays,housing problem is more and more serious to us all.
From my perspective,this phenomenon exists for such a number of reasons.First,with the popullationof China increasing,the demand of the house increase following the population.Second,the lifetime of a house is really short,never could we live in one house through our lifetime.Third,admittedly,the gap between the rich man owns not only one house,which leads to the fact that why a part of people don't have a house to live in.
From what can be seen above,the housing problem is closely connected with us and thus worth our attention.And useful means should be taken by government to control this trend.
Not only has online shopping become a very popular way of shopping, but also those people who don't like going out to go shopping like it.I also like shopping online,so I have some experience to share with you.
First of all,you should learn to surf the web to find what you want to buy.
You can select the same type of goods, consider the price, comprehensive and so on, decide to which you want to buy.
It was the size of the good that you must pay attention to.
Secondly,make sure your something.
When you are ready to submit orders, make sure the information that you have filled in,such as method of payment,delivery address, phone number and so on.
Also, you must remember to obtain invoices.
Finally, when the goods you buy reach, don't get the package broken.
If goods has some problem, you can go through the return.
So the invoices is useful.
I hope those experience are useful for you.
Last weekend,I had a busy weekend.
I had too many chores.
On Saturday morning,I cleaned the living room and cleaned the doors.
Then I had a rest.
After that,I washed my clothes and folded my clothes.
After I did my homework,at noon.
I helped my mother to cook lunch in the kitchen.
After lunch,I did the dishes.
My father saw watch TV,and my mom asked him to take out the rubbish.
But my father didn't like it.
So I took out the rubbish.
On Saturday afternoon,I watered the flowers and swept the floor.
It was dark.
I cooked dinner.
After dinner,I went sleep early.
I did too mach housework.
Although I was tired but I was happy.
I helped my parents.
I went on a trip to Qingdao with my family during the holidays.
Qingdao is far from Weifang,so we spent about 2 hours.
The sun was shining and the air was fresh.
The view was great and everyone was friendly and welcoming.
We swam in the sea and played beach volleyball.
Finally we were fishing.
I took many beautiful pictures.
I had a good time there.
If l have free time,l hope l can go there again.
As the president of the Student Union, I propose that we should create a green campus so that we will have a better learning environment.
First of all, it is really essential to create a green campus.
Nowadays, the environmental pollution is one of the hottest topics.
Therefore, everyone should do whatever we can to improve the quality of the environment around us.
It is creating a green campus that is the best way for us to contribute to our nature.
The answer is clear and it proves the importance of creating a green campus.
Cleaning your classroom thoroughly is the first step towards our common goal.
Plants which bring a new life to us, can also not be ignored.
If anyone has good ideas for creating our green campus, you can get in touch with me so that your image will be applied.
Hopefully,I am looking forward to receiving your suggestions.
With all the students' cooperation, we can turn it into reality.
Apparently modem transportation, such as the plane, has made it easier and faster for people to travel around the world than before.
Telecommunication technologies, such as the Internet, enable people to send information to a distant place instantly.
Therefore, it is safe to say that modem technology has significantly drawn people nearer.
However, some people feel differently.
They say family members are no longer talking with each other over meals because they are watching TV.
Many people now greet each other with short messages instead of visiting their friends and relatives in person.
It's a pity that modem technology should make people feel farther apart.
Actually, it is not modem technology, but our bad habit, that is to blame.
Helping alien utilized to be thought as a virtue .
Nevertheless , nowadays people tend to be extremely cautious of strangers .
They are afraid that helping others can sometimes work trouble .
Nonetheless , in my opinion , I think we should help unknowns .
I suppose we should help strangers .
First of all , helping strangers is a virtue .
In our country , we have a lot of virtues , only we try our best to put it into practise , they can spread to other people .
It is also can be employed to build up children .
Second , helping others is our hearts' thought .
When we saw some people accept trouble , we tend to order our hands to help them .
This is our bodies' reaction .
As far as I am concerned ,I agree you don't show apathy to this .
Last but not least , helping others is helping ourselves .
However , helping others may sometimes put us in danger .
So when we are helping unknowns , we should also protect ourselves .
For example , when we saw someone who was injured , we can call an ambulance .
Don't do it alone .
Many students feel it is difficult to learn English.
Don't worry about.
I give you some advice.
It is natural to forget new words.
First of all,I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.
You should read the word when you see them Secondly,I also suggest you write the words every day.
It is a good idea to spell and pronounce new words aloud every day.
That's a good idea and I hope I can help you.
Talking about Spring Festival, we usually come up with the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV.
To Chinese, both at home and abroad, it plays an important role in their life.
However, a hot debate on whether it should be cancelled or not is on the way.
A number of people insist that Spring Festival Gala should not be abandoned.
It offers wonderful experiences that can be shared by Chinese all over the world.
Moreover, the performances are always impressive and can bring the happy atmosphere of the important festival.
Undoubtedly, there exists a "however".
Some people say it is impossible for a program to meet all tastes.
In addition, it sometimes can make people spending the eve passively.
Personally, I am not in favor of the idea that the gala should be cancelled.
The Spring Festival Gala has accompanied us for more than 30 years, and we Chinese are used to seeing the grand gala while eating the big dinner.
It has been a tradition.
Had we cancelled it, we would feel losing something.
Certainly, the gala should be improved to meet all needs as much as possible and be more attractive.
In recent years, more and more attention to individual differences of learners of Chinese educators attention.
An important aspect of learning stale, is more attracted more and more researchers and educators interested.For Chinese students learning style and origin is still and origin is still a new subject.
First,chinese learning can be in the study period with all aspects of knowledge.Second,chinese learning can cultivate students hard quality and willpower.Third, chinese learning can maximize the use of resources,the fewer teachers to education for all.But chinese learning style has drawbacks.For example,Hinder reform in teaching methods improve the quality of education.
In my opinion.In general chinese learning more examination,rather than reality.So with the society linked content is often limited and many people into the society needs to learn from scratch.While the western focus on practical cannot ensure that everyone can well into society.But compared to the east or the more advanced.
The Spring Festival is at the end of the winter.It is the most important of the traditional festival.
Before the Spring Festival,people often use red lantern and the couplets to decorate a house and prepare for the festival.
During the Spring Festival,to begin with,people visit friends and the relatives.After that,they get together to eat foods .Dumplings are the most traditional food.Afer dinner,people watch TV or chat with each other.Then,the parents and children light firecracker at the 12 o'clock.The whole sky is lighted and they enjoy the beautiful fireworks.Childrens will be very happy because they wear new clothes and they can also get money from their parents and relatives.
With time going by,the pace of technological development has increased beyond our wildest expectations.,more and more social networks appear.However,there are any argument about it.
Some people hold the opinion that advent of the social networks ,some unhealthy things are transported,and it is bad for children.
But others think the social networks are good for us.On the one hand,we can chat in networks,get some useful imformations,go shopping,and so on.On the other hand,we can work in the social networks,it is more convenient for companies to cooperate with other companies.
As we all know,coin has two sides,so we should look on this question objectively.I think it is important that we how to use.
As for as I am concerned,the social networks can make our life full of colors.Sometimes,we can chat or find some imformations in the social networks to improve our English.So I like it!
The text is comming.But there are something unhappy.
My roomate is a football fan.He likes watching football games.That day,he was watching football games on the Internet.He was very excited and cheered players of his favourite team when he was watching the game.I was going over my lessons that night.But his sound and the sound of the game was too big.I couldn't look my book carefully so I was very ungry.I told him that turned down the sound.He was very sorry.He turned it down and said sorry to me.So I could go over my lessons and he could enjoy himself.Both of us were happy.
We spent a good night.
To make a step backward can actually live better,I thing.
In recent years, local food safety problem make person's misgiving.
The food nowadays exists a lot of problems.
People added in the food some to the thing of human bodies ill-health.
For example, illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives, pesticide pollution etc.
If we ate an out of ill-health food we will get sick, even in die.
Unqualified food not only endanger people's absolute being body health, but also some will break a social environment problem.
I feel I hereafter eat less junk food.
And see before eating if the food is qualified.
Not only pay attention to news and knowledge of seeing this aspect more, but also little go to falsely the rules restaurant have a meal.
And the health food section has to strictly check a food.
I think our joint effort can definitely good stroke illegal monger.
Liu Xiang ,born on July 13,1983 in Shanghai, is a well-known athlete in China.
Liu Xiang won the men's 110 meters hurdle final and got gold medal in the Athens 2004 Olympic Games in August ,2004.
Therefore, he became the first Chinese man to win an Olympic track and field title.
He set a world record of 12.88 seconds in the men's 110 meters hurdles at a super grand prix meeting in Lausanne,Switzerl and in 2006.
Liu Xiang has returned as a king and got the champion of national sports meeting in 2009,October.He overcame the pressure and the pain of being hurt.
His determined spirit helps him stand again.
It is not easy to have it.
To do this ,we must establish a firm faith in our actions and be ready to devote ourselves to them .Around us,there are quite a few people with this intense determination and spirit and Liu Xiang sets a particular striking example for us to follow.
Came to my yearning for a long time experience of university,after a week of university life,think most of the people in the university are put learning in the secondary,but by taking part in all kinds of club activities to enrich their university life,let oneself not too boring,useless after the last student in life.
I grew up in under the umbrella of the family,ideas and people the work is not enough mature,so I want to study at a university,because only grow to become first.I will by participating in various activities to exercise myself,much in the spare time reading,to increase their own experience,rest time to go out for a walk with friends,let my university life rich and colorful.
With the development of science and technology and the improvement of people's living standards,computers have become an indispensable part of people's lives.In universities,almost every student now has one computer in the dormitory,and most of them rely more things on computers such as their dissertations,homework,reports.Besides,some sudents are addicted to online games in order to dispose of their spare time because teachers and parents can not oversee them.
It becomes a problem we have to pay attention to that the students rely too much on computers.Many teachers may find that the different students write the identical dissertations.And students may keep the computers company instead of going to classes.
In my view,as one of the necessary tools of students' learning,computers can help students obtain easy access to the new trends of academic development of certain subjects.As the resources of network education are bountiful,computers are help for students to broaden their vision and enrich their knowledge.But at the same time,we should be alert to the negative influance of computers.
Some people think that reading is of great benefit to people, whose study and growth.
Reading a good book can broaden the horizon, motivate the interested of people to learning and it can also point the right direction which can make your dream come true.
Nonetheless others do not agree with the idea that is necessary to learn from practice, they think we can use our sension to explore people, things and scenery that around of us.
In my view, it really benefits a lot from reading and practice, they are both good, but if you only chose one of them, it is hard for you to do something well.
So, I think the best way to learn knowledge is that combining them together.
Many now may argue that students should not be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.Actually, they tend to hold that the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
I,however, seem to contend that in order to improve educational quality continuously ,students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.
"Making comments can help teacher teach better,for it can help them get rid of the laziness of teaching and students.
"notes Dr.Wang ,a 47-year old professor at R University.
At first,obtaining feedback information,the teachers will realize their strengths and weakness and pay more attention to the teaching methods and forms.
Indeed, if necessary the school could fire the incompetent teachers.Besides, it is useful for those students going to take the course to publish student's evaluation results.Therefor, making comments can accelerate reform in education.
As for the disappearing of respect and discipline, merely because it has problems in implementation process.
In each of the university, have the full of variety lecture.
Different university, there are many different types of lecture, for example: economy class, humanities, history of type, and so on.
Lecture types of diversity, meet different people knowledge requires, and because of this, different people will choose suitable for the type of lecture or like, this is a very happy things.
Listen to a lecture is to have the very big profit.
Because in the process of listening to the lectures.
We can learn a lot we don't know knowledge, knowledge or ability.
So, in a way, is to enrich our life and life, also can saying is enrich themselves.
The university campus lectures is very good indeed.
We can learn much knowledge.
But, I personally think it ought to be more open to the people, let the school outside can hear them.
This will make the world more beautiful points.
Now, with the development of our society, our life has great change.
tradition family just like Beaver Cleaver's are fewer and fewer.
They're disappearing because three parts of our lives changed: the way we entertain ourselves, the way we wear, and the way we eat.
Let's look first at the changes we entertain ourselves.
We were poor ago, so we entertain ourselves was single and boring.
Now, it's a satisfying life.
In summer, we swim in sea, climb in mountains and play basketball in gym.
In winter, we go skiing and throw snowballs.
In home, we can play computer games at net and watch TV.
More and more people pursue slender figure.
It is not uncommon to meet the young who look enough to be blown away in the wind.
So we wear clothes changing.
We have many chooses in each season.
We can pick clothes design suited to our style.
Last at the changes in the way we eat, women must prepare a meal before her husband and children go home, but mow, women and men go out to work, they can choose meals that are easy to prepare or are already prepared, such as fast food and so on.
Sometimes they also dine out.
Our life has more and more change, so our life become better and better.
The first time I entered my university,I felt the university was so freash,energetic and fascinating,but also have mang probles.
With the increasing popularization and application of modern educational approaches, the atilization of mulimedia techniques in foreign language classes,especially listening ang speaking class coupled with sound labs,is favorable for effective development of foreign language teching,but our university the atilization of mulimedia techniques not very good.
Mr.wang teach me computer.he was so addictde to toballo that he couldn't even skip a cigarette in the corridor at the interval two classes,my friend and I really dislike cigarette,so,in light of teacher healthy,skip a cigarette should be banned.
I think our school community activities, students a lot less stay in dormitory, not go out to relax ourselves, long-term, students will gradually lack of interest in studying.
So I think the school should encourage community much make some activities, accumulate the classmates exchange experience, so that students don't feel college life is boring.
last year.
other people.
be arranged to visited Tianjin and experience Chinese famliy life so on.
We can go to Tianjin Zoo.I also plan to eat Tianjin special food with you.
I really expect you to come!I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
From 2014 to 2017, I will spend three years of my college time.
In the first year in college, I will not relax, I will college learning, as high as.
Finally, i had a very rich and active college life.
Last weekends I helped my mom to make too much chores,but I still felt happy.First,Icooked breaketfast,after the breaketfast I did the dishes andsweep the floor.then Iwashed the clothes and help my sister make the bed.Next I cleaned the living roomand water the flowers.Finally I washed the clothes and took out the rubbish.I didn'twatch TV until 13:00.I felt very tired but my mom was happy.
Dear peter : Spring Festival is a traditional festival in China.
Between January and February.
We eat jiaozi and fish and lots of delicious food at night.
We celebrate Spring Festival.
We play fireworks and it was not over until midnight.
Next day we go to visit friends or family and children can receive the money.
So the kids are happy.
I like spring festival very much.
Her name is Luey.
She is a very kind girl and helpful girl.
She's got long blond hair and bright eyes.
She likes to smile with everybody.
Her eyelash is very short.
And she is taller in my class like me.
When I am sad, she makes me happy.
When I am angry, she often tells me some comic stories.
When I need help she will help me.
We are not in the same high school, but, we still learn English together, progress together, she has always been my best friend.
She is really my great friend.
I love her, and we have each other.
We are best friends forever.
For a long time,I have thought of my perfect husband.We call it our Mr.Right.From this,we can see that the perfect man must suit with us and we should get along well.As a result,there are some qualities that my Mr.Right must have.
It is important that my husband must be tall and good-building at the same time too slim or too fat are both disgusting me.Also,he shouldn't only have a physical perfect quality.The more important thing is that he must be smart,smarter than me.He must have a good taste for fashion,appreciation,music,building etc.Many girls don't like their husbands talking too much on daily life.They like men who have in tensions inside.But I am different from them,on the contrast,I prefer my future husband talking a lot with humor that will enrich my life.
That is something I want to add.My perfect husband must be handsome enough for I really can not stand seeing such an ugly man when I open my eyes every morning.Also,he had better be able to play the guitar or piano or something.Then he can sing good songs for me.And he must have a steady job,because he must be responsible for me and our children.
That is my perfect husband.
One year is divided into four seasons,which give us different feelings.When it comes to winter,all of us can feel the cold climate.
As we all know winter is much coldest in years.So when facing the winter,the different person has different attitudes to it.Some like winter,but some also dislike it.
On the contrary,as for me,I am looking forward to seeing the coming winter.My favourite season is winter,because I maybe see the snow,which can make me excited very much.And until now,I have studied at college in Luoyang for tow months where you can see ancient and modern building next to each other.But what is the most important is that the snow in Luoyang should be very beautiful and the winter is coming.Before winter comes,we can see that the leaves turn brown and then fall down.We can find that our world get silent slowly,which can make us touch the world better.
In our lives,some person also uses"winter" to stand for "difficulties".So before winter comes,we are supposed to make preparations for everything to keep us in cold weather.By all means,when we meet our lives' winter,we should not stop walking.We should know success belongs to us.
With economic booming,digital product is playing a more and more indispensable role in the present society.Let's take the MP5 player as an example.MP5 player is an advanced multi-media technology with hardware and software working together.I own a square white one.It is made of aluminium alloy so that it is light enough.It is also small as well.Because of its small size and light quality,it is convenient to carry.
It also has some buttons on the side,which suggests its function.It contains high capacity with relatively low power.We can refer to it if we intend to see a movie,listen to the music or English.The MP5 player can transfer the network one to the handheld one,which has brought real benefits to consumers.We can either relax or study with it.
this morning all plane will put off because of the big fog .there are no plane take off in an hour .
please take good care of yourself and yourbig .there are no way but to wait .please be patient and don't leave the restroom .if the big fog clean up .we will tell everyone faster .at our dining hall .the lunch is free .the rest of passagers could go there to eat lunch the dining hall on the second floor.we will private lunch at eleven o'clock to thirteen o'clock .
With the development of Information Technology,a plenty of students prefer to depend on computer rather than write to communicate with their friends.Many students think the spelling in learn English is unimportant.
Some reasons can account for this phenomenon.First,students spend more time in practicing the pronunciation of words.Second,a lot of students think learn English just should remember the mean of words,there is no necessary to remember the spelling of words.Third,some students talking on telephone instead of writing letters.
We must look for a means to resolve the phenomenon,because the present situation of eliding the spelling,if permitted to continue,will surely lead to wrong spelling.In order to solve the problem we should pay attention to the form of word,then,remember the spelling.In a word,it takes our common efforts to deal with this issue.
From this picture, I can see that, an old man with a child was begging,their eyes are full of longing,but no one help,just a man.
It was unexpected that the man had a point.
That makes people speechless.
In today's society,there are too many people who need help.
It is impossible for us to help everyone.
But we should always keep an innocent heart in the face of the people who need help to give help.
As this picture is telling us the truth,we can't stand by and allow such a thing,or laugh at.
We should try our best to help them.
As the technology and economic develops rapidly, internet has been an essential part for us people in modern society .Since then education has no exception.
For a growing number of people prefer reading on-line than on the book, e-book presents a booming trend today.
Many kinds of books have their pages on the internet, people read them for studying, searching the information and entertaining.
Admittedly, there are different purposes behind this phenomenon.
On one hand, e-book has many advantages.
To begin with, it does much more convenience for us, we can read what we want at any time and any space as long as we have internet.
What's more, internet has a large amount of books for us to choose .However we may not find what we need in the book store.
On the other hand, there also exist a lot of drawbacks on e-book.
The first and foremost is that many writers of books they want to make profits, so the new books will not be on the internet as soon as these books come out.
For e-book the rate of updating may be one problem.
And variety also may be another, once it has beneficial books, it'll have lousy books.
The last but not least, many school children they may use mp4 or other equipments to read e-book on the sly, which would do harm to their study.
In my opinion, I hold that if we use e-book in the right way, it may be necessary and important in the future.
It's been nearly a month since we last heard from each other.
Recently, I read a book called NiuMeng, which impress me so much.
It's about a man's tragic life in Italy anti-religion revolution.
It's really worth reading that from the book I learned the power of insistence and forgiveness, and we should be fearless no matter how overwhelming the unfortunate life it may seem.
I got to know reading this kind of classical literature is better than spending your time on WuXia, never-ending loving stories, boring comics and so on.
The world-famous literature is beneficial to university students because through reading them we can get the chances to communicate with the famous authors, to admire their noble hearts and improve our own qualities.
It's wise for us to develop the reading habits .
To sum up, we, the university students, should squeeze time to read good books.
As the saying goes: Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
Please write to me soon.
Mrs Susan Hobson is my secretary .She has worked for two years.On working time,she is really effective , hardworking,honest and careful .She is only uses a heart do her work.In my eyes,she is really a excellent secretary .In addition,she grasps English and genmas well and also translate for me .she spoken English and Genmas is so fluent that she can do well in translating jobs.
I always dreamed about my institute life when I was a senior school student in the most outstanding school around China.
In my dreams we will have a leisure life in our college life,no sever teachers and heavy homework's,what we should do is just enjoy.We can do what we like to do,play computer games,take exercise and so on.For me,perhaps I could play basketball everyday or to master skills like dancing and singing.
However,my real college life is not that easy.First of all,we also have many classes to take and homework's are much harder than before,mathematics is very hard to master.Second, Altough we have a lot of leisure times,but the mantel pressure is huge.We have to work hard in order to have a better future.Last but not least,teachers will call our names everyday,that means we must go to class even we don't like to.
Then,what can we do?How to save our college life?In my opinions,first,we should have plans,perhaps make a plan for every day,every year even the whole college life;Second,we need to be strict with ourselves.Only in this way can we live a better and full college life.
Cell phones have become increasingly popular in China nowadays,especially among the youth.However,there are some pros and cons toward the cell phones.It is a common saying that every coin has two sides.
As for pros,cell phones have brought people a lot of benefits.On the one hand,the most important benefit of cell phones is that it is very convenient.People can keep in touch with their family,or friends,or anybody they want and miss at every time.People also can make a reservation in advance through the cell phones.On the other hand,cell phones are good for the study.If the students have trouble in their studies,but their teacher can not give an answer at once,they can get some information from the Internet by the cell phones.Furthermore,if someone has a heart attack or traffic accident,a call to emergency hospital or the police can quickly bring the victim the help he wants.
However,every coin has two sides,while we are discussing the merits of cell phones,we can not forget its demerits.The most serious is the electric wave radiation which is thought to be harmful to users' brains.It can make users' thinking slowness and forgetfulness.Another problem is that when students are having a class,the ring of the cell phone may interrupt others.So, lots of teachers ask their students not to bring their cell phones into the classroom.
What is said above is the pros and cons of cell phones.In my opinions,students have no occasion to rely on the cell phones too much,because it is not good for their development of the brain,even their health.
I feel proud for oneself is a Chinese I feel deeply proud.
Since the childhood to receive Chinese education.
I lived very happy and I felt free.
I like playing with my friends.
Sometimes we play hide-and-seek together.
Sometimes we go to the river water and catch some fish.
Our relationship is very strong.
Many stories happened between us.
When I was 10.
My classmates and I on the way home from school.
We smiled and walked under the setting sun, and we crossed a bridge every day.we walked on the bridge,we saw an old man riding a tricycle there.
He was so tired that the tricycle began turning back.
So we decided to help him.
We quickly ran to the back of the car.
We pushed the tricycle with our power.
He noticed that and turned his head back.
He was very surprised at start.and then he smiled to us,he said,thank you for doing this.
After I heard what he said.
I feel I am full of power.
I think I'll regret if I don't do this.
Remember once.
I went to school very early.
I found the teacher's office of the light on.
A door left unlocked door.
I thought, who came to the school so early.
So I put down the bag back to the classroom.and I came to the door of the office.
I wanted to look inside and see who it is.
But the result made me very surprised.
I saw in the office is not a teacher,is a student.
He cleaned the office for the teacher.
He wiped the table in a minute.
Mop the floor for a while.
So I came into the office.
He saw me.
And smile to myself.
I started to help the teacher to sort out the stuff on the desk.
I poured a cup of hot water for each teacher.
They can come to school to drink a cup of warm water.
After a while.
Office is cleaner than at first many.
We looked at the office.
We are all very happy and smiled.
The teacher came to the office to see what we do.
this is the story of my side.
There are also a lot of colorful stories around me.
I love life very much.and I like to play with my friends.
We get along very happy.
Recalling about the past several months, so many things are flooding in my mind.
Including some affect our school's problems.
When first day I came to university.
I really feel that the school is veay good.
Lots of trees, tall buildings, and our dormitory also very perfect.
But when I came to our library, I feel disappointed.
It is really so small with only one room.
There are just a small amount books.
Only this kind of books like maths and English.
I can't find books what I need.
What's more, Many students in it.
So it is crowd and nosiy.
I can't concentrate my attention.
In it, just wash my time.
If our library a better more, My university life will be more colourful.
Today,you can see some loves in the campus.
You did not surprise this phenomenon, because it has appear is result of developing our society.
To much student was separate from the opposite sex when they young as in the school.
We have a saying in China is that man and women don't touch each other when passing or receiving.This traditional idea is effect our life, so you can understand we have strong desier to communication with the opposite sex when we are free.
You might ask me why we are free, I believe most student will say cultural freedom in the colleage where no parents control, no teachers lesson.
So they think they can do anything if they want it.
Here I have something to say,University is a place to study is not for talk love place.Do you agree with me, I think you do.
My father always manages my everything.
Although I know he loved me, I feel some unhappy of it,because I want to do everything by myself.
I ate many snacks and drunk a lot of juice as soon as I got home on first day,I played my favourite computer games until midnight.
Then I had a stomach ache on the next day,and I got up so late that I was late for school,I felt sleepy and hungry all day long.
When I got home,I tried to cook some food but I bunt it,and I broke my father's cup,I felt I was so bad that I can't take care my self well.
At that time,I hoped my dad could come back soon,because I realized I really need him.
When he came back,he was happy to found that I can cook some simple food by myself,we smiled together.
Volunteering means being willing to help people in need and make contributions to society for financial rewards.There is no doubt that volunteering promote the social life better and volunteers also benefited a lot.So in many countries,volunteering is prosperity and development.
In all aspects of people's life,volunteering deliver many convenience to people.For example,during the 2008 Olympics in Beijing,there are a lot of volunteers as a translator for foreigners tourists and show them the way.And they left a good impression to tourists and help many foreigners all around the world.
In addition,volunteering not only make our city become more orderliness but also make people's life become more comfortable.I believe it is a good trend that make social will more harmony and people will more unite.
The last but not least,volunteering is a good opportunity for volunteers to exercise themselves.This is especially useful for student volunteers.For instance,student volunteers will enhance endurance and practise interpersonal communication when they help strangers,and they can apply their knowledge from textbook to the practice.Therefore,they can motivate their potential to deal with difficult situations.
In a word,volunteering is really a good beheviour.I hope people especially students should take part in volunteering.
Teacher is very important.
Our teachers often teach us what to learn and how to be a person.
i think a good teacer should rich in knowledge.
He must be interested in his subject.
He loves talk to students.
He should amusing and tells jokes when he thinks we are getting bored.
He should love to talk to students.
He is kind and patient,and he explains questions so clearly that everyone can understand it.
He tends to be angry when we make mistakes.
He often tells us many good methods so he is a very enthusiastic and intelligent teacher.
the teachers work hard so we should work harder.
Today, a verity of multimedia device is applied in teaching to improve the standard of education with the development of the technology.
Therefore, some people in growing number think the profession of teaching will fade away in the memory of people.
However, there are still some people against this idea.
In my opinion, I think the profession of teaching will not disappear.
There are some reasons as follows.
Firstly, teachers can educate students according the different characters of students.
As we all know, every person is different in the world and has its quality.
So a way can suit some people but can't be adapted by others.
In contrast, the multimedia is out of the bounds of possibility that have the same effect on students like teachers.
Secondly, the lessons that teacher gave not only sound interesting and infectious, but also are filled of emotions and easy to understand.
On the contrary, the knowledge that displayed on the computer is boring and cold.
These preparations are paid to the lesson and making the lesson more vivid and logical.
So the multimedia can't as good as teacher and can't replace teachers.
Thirdly, teachers play an important part in students' growth.
More helps are given by teachers to students both in study and life when students meet questions in study and life.
When you fail and lose confidence, teachers can encourage you and assist you in building up the confidence as a friend of your.
When you make mistakes, they will reproach your mistakes and help you correct the mistakes.
compared with teachers, those devices fall short of this point.
In conclusion, I can't deny that multimedia and technology bring many advantages to our life .what's more, various multimedia are helpful to our study.
But the role of teachers is unique and irreplaceable.
On the one hand, teachers adopt different methods to different kinds of students in order to improve their study.
On the other hand, it is more effective to listen to the teacher's lesson.
in addition, teachers can help students in the life and study.
Consequently, the profession of teaching will not disappear.
With the remarkable improvement of people's living standard, more and more people have the capability to travel.
However, many people swarm into sites of historical interest during peak travel seasons, this produce many serious problems, for example, environmental pollution.Some people suggest that we should charge higher fees during peak travel seasons in famous Chinese sites of historical interest.
But others don't agree.
As to me, I agree with neither of them.
The following reasons can account for my argument.
Firstly, travel is a very good means of broadening a person's perspective, travel may release a person of boredom and gloom.
When we visit the famous sites of historical interests, we will not only widen our horizon but also enrich our knowledge and experience.
If we charge higher fees during peak travel seasons, a lot of people can't afford it.
Secondly, if we don't charge higher fees during peak travel seasons, there will be a lot of people swarm into the sites of historical interests, thus lead to a series of problems such as the traffic jam, environmental pollution, some people carve their names into the Great Wall or other sites of historical interests.
To some extent, improving fees plays an important role in controlling the number of tourist.
But this cures the symptoms, not the disease.
On the one hand, governments should forbid destroying historical interests and charge the fee a little higher but not too much.
On the other hand, we should avoid the peak travel season when we travel and protect the environment.
Not only i saw the suffer , but the more important something which i read is hopeless from their eye and expression.
after when i saw the picture , i fell a little sad .
my aware inward drives myself to help them.
making all people are not afraid of the AIDs and really understand them.
for example we can shakehands and hug with them .
what is more, we also share food with them and even kiss them.
everyone should give them more love and give them confidence and courage that they over come difficult rather than ignore them.
only we everyone more cares about AIDs patient.
Resently.More and more student not attention to spelling in study English.Besause they think that it's not important.so that their spelling very bad.resulting in these resons follow.
Everything has two sides.
First.They aren't like study English.and teacher not requre spelling.Second.
maybe isn't good education.They living in poor hometown.But they can like study English too.
Besause of haven't money .They can't buy pen and paper.so they spelling are less impressive.But above all.Teachers aren't strict with students.they only attach importance to reading and speaking.Therefore.student's spelling become more and more bad.Fanaily.They like chinese very much.
they ignore English spelling.So many students think little of Spelling.
In order to chang this condition.I think that we should enhance take exercise spelling when in study english.
Think highly of English spelling.However teachers should request students to enhance take exercise spelling.So that improve their score.Let they have marketer beautiful handwriting.And let the students know that attaches great importance to the spelling of English is very important to us.Consciously practice spelling.
Through the introduction of the material.
There are some people who hold that the best way to learn is reading,and on the other hand,there are some other people who argue that the best way to learn is practicing.
Two kinds of view I agree, but I like the latter.
As far as we know, we should more and more reading, so we constantly grow.
But reading is just some theoretical knowledge, lack of practical operation.
As we computer course, if only the theoretical knowledge on book, not to the practical operation, as time grows, completely equal to no learn.
Even so, reading is also very important.
It can make us more directly and convenient to get to know others, learn about the world.
Of course, we could also not acquire the theoretical knowledge to practice.
Practice is a process of putting those to use.
So I think practice is more important than learning.
Hello!My name is X,and my English name is Cooky.I am from Y but I live in Jieyang,a countryside in developing,which is my second hometown.Our family has been living there for twenty years that make me no communication with my grandparents.I go to visit them only in the Spring Festival or Mid-Autumn Day which repented for eating together.They love the land but they sometimes feel lonely.We call them frequently.We have a simple but happy life.
I love reading especially I read "Crazy Reading"in English and in Chinese.I like sports.My favorite sport is playing badminton.Do you like it?We can play together without border.Sports not only can strengthen our body,but also can make our minds strong.
My dream job is to be a learner.As an old saying,It is never too old to learn.My biggest dream is making my family to live better.They are so hard that they support us to go to school.
I expect from college to study my major fundamentally and to improve it step by step.I want to make more friends who will help you friendly.To sincerely make friends,helping each other makes our college life unforgettable.
All societies through the ages, all the person will think what i lived for.
There's no denying the fact that different person have different passions.
I'm also.
Therefore, I will talk about three passions I have lived for.
Firstly, I'm eager for success.
When shall I reach the top and hold all mountains in a single glance" I will enjoy the joy of success after hard-work.
Secondly, a never surrender attitude.
In our life, we will face the different difficulties every day, it may stand in the way of success, we want to achieve our goal, we must never give up, only in this way, we can make much progress and successful.
Mostly ang importantly , I lived for love.
The word is full of love, if only people love and respect each other, we could lead a good life.
Love is warm, I think everyone needs it.
These are three passions I have lived for, I will have this three spirits and face all the challenge of my life.
As we can see,the picture above is a vivid discription of a phenomenon that when a bottle breaks down,one people think it has different meanings and another thinks it is too bad.It tell us that it is important to be optimistic.
In our life,we often hear people say,"life is hard",while I think the key to settling down all hard thing is to be optimistic.Of course ,sometimes hard things frustrate us and beat us.But we should believe it will pass quickly.So keep optimistic is important.Once his optimistism rests on him very soon,and he will be active to work again.As someone says.
"life likes a chocolate,you will gain happiness after eating it".You must smile to life.
In our life ,we have different problems.Be optimistic,and you will success.
Thanks for your e-mail.
My parents always think I am just wasting my time.
But I just use computer to write e-mails, chat, surfing the net.
Some time I play games too.
My parents think if I use the computer, I must be playing games, I do not agree .I love computer because I think the computer can find a lot of information that I do not know.
And the computer can relax me when I tire very much.
Recently some banks extend their business to university and offer credit cards to students.
A lot of people worry that credit cards may be harmful to students.
While others do not think so.
For one thing.
We should see bright side.
For example, a credit card can help release financial problems for those poor students, they can do some part-time job to pay their fee as well as improve social ability.
On the other hand, however.
Some of them are so fresh that they are incapable of budgeting their money.
They usually buy luxury they do not really need.
The excessive use of the credit cards can make them heavily in debt which will take them years to pay off and in most cases parents are our major financial sources .
Therefore .
In order to make full use of credit card really, schools and banks have responsibility to let college students learn how to use it properly.
As a student reading is our responsibility.
Reading can not only makes our happy, but also growth our knowledge.
Each person obtains knowledge in different ways, so they are through reading but also by practice.
There some discussion about reading and practice with one is the best study manner.
People often say:studies serve for delight for ornament.
Reading can supplement natual.
So every one should read, because only in this way we can be strong to face the social life.
The book is a crystallization of human practice and finish, only through reading we can get other people experience, avoids detours.
Reading make you full, therefore, the more you read, the better you will full.
Nowadays, whatever you do, whatever you work, we should through practice to complete the work, only through by practice, we can get the real feel, increase our experience.
As people say practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
In my opinion, whatever you through which manner get the knowledge, the most importance thing is that you can get knowledge.
Reading and practice is the most important to study, when we get through the book knowledge with practice to test the combination of the two, we can gain a lot of knowledge.
Dear Tom,as one of my best foreign friends,first of all welcome you to visit my campus.Now,I am glad to introduce my campus to you.My campus- name is Anhui Wonder University Of Information Engingeering .And there are many beautiful and interesting places in campus.
First of all,here I will introduce a good place to you,whose name is ZiPeng Mountain.It located in the west of my campus and it is not far away from my campus.There are many temples,trees,and flowers.When you stand at the top of it,you will see the whole city.I think you will like there if you were to the mountain.
Secondly,I think the most interesting place is library.As we all know,knowledge is the power and can create prefect people.So I am determined to take you to visit the library.We can share the happiness of reading with each other.
China has built the world's largest network of medical insurance as 1.27 billion urban and rural residents in China are fully covered, accounting for 95 percent of the whole population, said the Health Care Reform Office of the State Council.
In this year, both urban and rural residents are able to enjoy 200 yuan medical insurance for each person on a yearly basis.
As a matter of fact, since the reformation of health care system, China has invested over 200 billion yuan to bolster its operation.
More than 60 percent of the hospitalization expenses are now eligible reimbursement, and 90 percent of the hospitals are available for immediate pay.
In addition, the special assistance system for serious illnesses is getting underway, especially in remote rural areas.
Maybe some visitors from space had landed on earth about decades ago.
But they will never come just because of Bart Cameron's stupid error.
If I have the chance to talk with ET, I wish to discuss with them about some big problems on earth.
First, pollution is the most serious problem on our planet.
Gone are the days when we could swim in the river and sleep on the grass.
The government just thinks about growing economy, they give no consideration about the environment.
The wrong way to use resources not only cause pollution, but also make natural resources rapid exhaustion.
If we don't take any measures, chances are that it will be used up.
So I hope they can give us some advice to make the best use of resources.
And help us do research on virgin area.
Then I want to discuss with them about overpopulation, which cause a lot of trouble on earth, such as starvation, traffic jams and so on.
And there are a lot of puzzling and complicated problems on earth.
I hope they could analyze that with their high technology.
Maybe the extraterrestrials will help us.
But we should be more self-reliant and make our own salvation.
English is very important .We should study it because it is a language.We can use it to talk with foreign friends.I like English very much,because it is very interesting .Now,our country in to the world .So we should learn English well to communicate with foreign friends.
knowledge by studying English.We can red foreign novels by English,such as Harry Pottery.So,we should learn English.
Thank you for you letter.
We are gald to imform you some details about this deal.
When the sale was agreed, we expressly stated that No.J-29 Sale Confirmation's goods would be shipped by s.s "PEARL".
We can make a partial shipment in Hongkong by s.s "MAY FLOWER".
This sale clude cost price plus freight .
We will send the fax on Mar 15th 2013.
I hope you that you can insurance in time.
I looking forward to your reply as soon as possible.
As we can see the picture,a boy is learning the subjects of Beijing university on the internet.He seems to enjoy this way of online learning.However,Once we learn how to use Google, isn't that all the education we really need?I don't think so.
With the development of the social progress of science and technology,many people choose the way that working on internet including studying.On the internet,we could pay attention to the news of the world,learning popular language,and studying subjects at home.It is very convenient for us to studying well and solving something we don't understand.But isn't that all the education we really need.I am sure listening to the teachers in the classroom than in online learning harvest more because we can have communication and interaction with the teachers.More important is the classroom teaching is a kind of traditional way of learning.
Although it is trendy and convenience of online learning,something we don't studying and something we couldn't harvest.For this reason,we could appropriate use the internet,and use the books as soon as possible.
With the development of industry,the earth is becoming warmer and warmer.Obviously,our human beings play an important role in it_we are facing the problem of energy crisis,so we have destroyed the plants,which could absorb the carbon.Since the carbon filled with the whole atmosphere,the sunlight nearly could not to come out of the surface of earth,so we have to tolerate the warmth of earth.
We can always remember a time when deep blue sky,the song of the birds,sunshine,and mild climate.These changed since global warming.
There was a time two years ago,I happened to be upstairs when the window was open.About three o'clock in the afternoon,the sky become gray and the wind was wildly.After one minute,the sand duststorm happened.I was entirely hold by its power.All of things become cloudy.
We surely have to do something to protect the environment.First,we must build up the confidence.Only we all willing to make effects to stop the global warming can we be the winner.Second,our government should realize the seriousness of the problem and come up with some measures to deal with it.First of all,the authorities should adopt the policy of constantly development and take laws comcerning environmental protection.Second,voice should be made to announce the public of the importance of protecting the environment.
Sometimes my parents went on business,so I often stay at home alone.
One day when I watched TV at home alone,I felt hungry.
I'd like to cook some food for myself,but there was no vegetable.
I have just drunk juice and ate a piece bread.
So that day,I was hungry for a whole day.
Although I was very hungry but I cleaned up the house and did my homework.
I also read books and played computers.
When my parents came out they felt surprised.
I told them my home's story,and they smiled.
Today I finished my May Holiday.
This holiday is very boring to me.
Because the weather is not very beautiful, I have five days in my holiday.
And I stay my home from April 30th to May 4th.
But the weather is very bad in Shen Yang.
It is rain and wind a long time.
When I came back Shen Yang the cloud is grey.
And temperature also changed greatly, day and night temperature difference is also large.
This makes me very not adapt to.
Every day is to wear more clothes and reduce clothes away.
I by the train to home for five hours that let me very depressed.
Today although some people to help the old man fell down,the result is considered to be the perpetrator,responsible for the old man,let a person chilling!But othersfall to help the old man,the result be praise!More fall of comfort the old man who siad he has health care no matter,let a person to leave.So we have to belive that the world has realy!
At the process of my growing up,it happened a lot of things.Some things were happy,some things were sad and some were surprised.However,one thing included in them had an important influence on my life and I never forget it,it changed my life to a certain extent.
When I studied in highschool,I had no interest in math and the math teacher never teach us how to solve the problems,so I never get a high grade in exam.Many teachers paid more attention to the students who had a good grade.The second term,I was selected in another class,the math teacher was full of patience,once we had questions,she helped us to solve them timely,what's more, she told us many other methods.She always encouraged us to cooperate and invited us to her office to know our study.At this atmosphere of studying,I made great progress in math grade and I were interested in math,so that,I got the highest grade in the entrance exam to university,because math was one of the most important discipline in this exam ,I studied in a better university for four years.
Not only she was my teacher,but she was my friend.I am grateful to my math teacher very much.
The online reading as a new way of reading has became an indispensable elements of life.
It is normal and popular that students are required to evaluation of university teachers.
Probably, this is effective and direct way to evaluate teachers' teaching level.
Consequently, the school will takes the evaluation results as investigation of teacher is superior or not reference.
To be frank, some people don't support this way.
In an objective way, let students to evaluate teachers ,more or less, may affect the teachers' teaching mood and quality by those kinds of pressure.
Different students have different views to teachers.
The teachers cannot let all students content with them.
I trust you!".
"I look upon you!".
May these words bring more sense of responsibility than the evaluation.
People cannot be perfect, the same to teachers.
I just make a brief account of this topic by my own view.
Trust more than evaluation.
Perhaps, this teacher is not excellent for you.
But when you put your trust to the teacher, he will also takes his responsibility.
In recent years,the excessive use of packages has become quite a serious problem in China.As for the reasons of excessively packaging,there are many factors contributing to it.
It is conceivable that the excessive packing has mainly arisen from the two following factors.For one thing,people in mounting numbers are inclined to send a variety of gifts to their relatives and friends,especially during the holidays,and decorated gift sometimes are a symbol of good taste.For another,the dealers are in the purpose of making more money by packaging the products to the largest extent.
I think,the government should also put restrictions on the excessive packaging.Only in this way can we guarantee the harmonious development of market as well as ourselves.
A majority of think that they can access information and knowledge via the Internet easily .And thus,they support to use the Internet frequently.
In their views,there are three contributing a to this attitude as following:Firstly,surfing on the Internet can broaden our minds so that we have access to get more knowledge quickly and easily.Furthermore,we also can chat with friends and share the experience which we have gotten in order to improve ourselves together at the same time.Inaddition,we also use it to relax ourselves with some online entertainments.
People,however,differ in their opinions on this matter.In their point of views,they against to get online frequently.On one hand,using the Internet for too long does bad to our eyes.Whats more,some of the students would be accdict to the computer games.And as a result,they can't concentrate on their lessons because of it.On the other hand,it is waste of time to use the Internet so much.
As far as am concerned,I think so shouldn't use the Internet so much because we can't concrol ourselves easily.So it goes without saying that students shouldn't use the Internet frequnetly.
I am L,I am come from China.And i will study in London.Now i want to find a house of live in the strange city.
My require is not very especially.I just need the house of the downtown,and then,i think it must be a nice traffic.Because i need go to school everyday.If it is possible,i hope the house will warm,commodious and comfortable.
Because i am a student for study English,so i hope my host can speak fluency English,if not,i am afraid we can not communication to each other.Not at all,the host can enthusiasm and amiable,I will very friendly,too.
By the way,i have a little demand,The best you can help me to wash my clothes,if you can,i hope that is free.But i can cook meal myself,so never mind my what to eat.By all means,if you not dislike Chinese food,we can have meal together.I think it will fascinating.
Above information are my ask to find a house,i think established will appear a pertty man to adopt me.We will live together delighted.
High-level employees who are the wealth of the society, also can do many things for their company,can create a lot of wealth.
In my opinion,Companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55,so as to provide opportunities for the new generation.
Firstly,To retire on time, can alleviate the pressure of the society.
Increasingly competitive in modern society that makes young persons have so much pressure in searching jobs.Young persons who have nothing to do,will be the instability factor of the society.
So,all employees retire at the age of 55,can provide opportunities for young people.
Secondly,if high-level employees retire at the age of 55,this can give some pressure to the young employees and accelerate the development of themselves.In many company, young employees just do some low-tech or less crucial tasks,because of there are many high-level employees who are older.Young employees have no motivation,they always think that there are a lot of predecessors,they can do that.
high-level employees who have made a great contribution, should relax and enjoy family happiness.
A good retirement system can increase opportunities for young people and promote social harmony.
Recently, in order to reduce our pressure, our school held an activity named "pressure-reduced" week.
It consisted of many interesting activities.
As we all know, music can relax a people's brain, therefore, school opened a room where we could hear some relax music.
What's more, school held some meaningful competitions, such as a trust fall, a three-legged race and so on.
In addition, there was some adviser sitting in the playground who will provide you with some useful advice.
Every class also held a class wide meeting based on "we can win", so that we would be much more confident.
From what I have said above, I think that the "pressure-reduced" week is not only interesting but also useful.
I rarely reduced the pressure I have during it.
Death penalty ,as a capital sentence, has been given up by America and many other western countries for the reason that it is neither efficient nor humane.
Moreover, its chief functions, namely to deter potential crimes and to afford justice to those who mourn over the deceased as compensation, however, are not act their jobs well .Because death penalty is no more than an expedient solution that rarely solves long-term problems.It can never eliminate evil from people's minds,not to say exterminate evil from the earth completely.
People's broken hearts not always can be healed by another man's death.
Things that are done can never be undone;the damages cannot be removed by a death penalty and the dead can never come alive.
Furthermore,it is a universal knowledge that we shall not deceive others because they deceived us and we shall not punish someone by robbing him due to he robbed us,namely we shall not penalize people through indecent ways.
Applying such a tool itself is a sinful thing and we ourselves should turn evil in the execution.
"A horse stumbles that has four legs".
We are all human and we all undergo the life for the first time hence we are all destined to make mistakes.Since you give other people chances to redress their mistakes why you don't give them?
Taking away their lives equals to depriving them of their rights to right their mistakes.
There is no denial that they commit crimes but they are people just like you and me, and they also feel remorseful with their crimes.
Such civilization only selfish and cold-hearted people will cherish and greet happily.
Above all, death penalty is an out-of-date sentence which should be casted away as those cruel punishments used by savages.
We are in a highly advanced era , what's more we are human which make it unbecoming to use death penalty.
Environmental problems are going worse all aorund the world.Nowadays,the population is increasing so sharply that natural resources are overdeveloped to support it.Because of that,a negative effect is taken place on the environment.Moreover,many people don't have access to safe water for lack of water resources.Besides,human cut down trees and do a seriously damage to the air which we breathe every day.
In my opinions,to solve these problems,effective measures should be taken as follow:For a start,we should slow down the speed of the rise in population so that we can have a balanced between protection and using of natural resources.In addition,it's a good idea to save every drop of water,every piece of paper and go to work by public transport.
Protecting enviroment,everyone should see to.I do hope we can take some action in no time.
Hello!My name is X.I come from Y.I'm an outgoing girl,I like making friends.
My favorite subject is English,my favorite fruit is watermelon.I don't like running, on the other Words, I dislike any sports.I dislike getting up early.But I have to get up early everyday and running.
Now I am a university student, I want to become better.I will try my best to study.I hope I will have a good job after my university.
Sunday August 4th.
I arrived in Beijing this morning with my parents.
Today the weather was sunny and hot.
So we decided to go for a walk near our hotel.
We saw many pretty buildings, and lots of results.
For lunch we had something very special--Beijing duck.
They were delicious.
In the afternoon,we went to the Please Museum.It was interesting.We took some photos.I liked this place because it is beautiful.
In the evening,we went shopping.It was interesting.
But I felt really tired.
Today I was so happy.
We are pleased to inform you that the Sales Confirmation No.J-29 had been shipped by S.S."Pearl" and it will be partial shipment by S.S."Mayflower" in HongKong.
The contract according to the cost of the freight price clinch a deal.
We have faxed to you in March 15th in 2013, so that you can cover in time.
We look forward to your reply.
With the blooming of the cities,not only our big cities are polluted seriously,but also the quanlity of the air is worse and worse.There are varieties of reasons led to this phenomenon,including poisonous gases left out from the cars and plants,the cut of the foreast all over the world,etc.All of these human activities can cause many harmful effects that we will take in harmful matters which can bring us lungs cancers or the other diseases and it will damage our health catastrophically.
We can see that there are some things we have to do now and when there's a will,there is a way.It's high time that we should control the quantity of cars and the pollution left out, and that we should get used to walking to our destination and taking buses instead of by cars.
As a member in an import and export company,everyone that have the ability to speak foreign language.
Now we have a large export order,in order to do business so we will have a foreign language training.And everyone should attend.
The training will begin at 8 a.m. on Friday.
Now,group cooperative learning is very important in the class.
More and more teacher s like using this way to teach their students.
First, this way can improve our ability.And students can discuss questions in the class.
They can talk about learning.In this way,we can make every student show themselves.Second,students can improve their grades in this way.Because through the discussion they can discover their study goal,they can study very hard.But this way also have disadvantages.Some students do not talk about knowledge in the discussion.As time goes by,their grades maybe decline.
