To sum up,this way need us to have a correct attitude.If we real treat it carefully, we can improve our grades.
With the development of technologies, iPad became the students' great partner.In fact, iPad can be used to listen to music and read books, but also playing games.It's good for our studies,too.As for a student, iPad can make us learning much easier, because we can find the words if we don't know, and the newest information from iPad.Also we can get some exercises to do for free on the internet by iPad.But the most important is that we talked to our classmates and teachers if we need something to talk to.With time goes by, we all appreciate the way to get information conveniently on the internet.Actually in our daily life it's normal to see a senior student played iPad and we always lied that we will put all of our energies on our studies if we get one.But it has some dreadful influence either, for example, we always played the iPad when we are having the class,so it let us getting the worse grade next test.And then when we getting back to home, we probably played the iPad but not finishing our homework yet.In my opinions, iPad is only a modern way to relax ourselves, so we'd better do not have an iPad, it's expensive for a student and will trouble us to focus on study anymore.So if you coincide with me, please write back to me.
I think the nation and honor support the sportsmen to do so.
He is famous at the 2004 Olympics.
Everybody was watching the performance of Chinese Flying man.
The achievement he made heads the world record.
In the 2008 Olympics, he finished the performance with a painful injury.
Although he was injured, he never gives up.
His spirt and determination inspired everyone.
He is LiXiang.
He is the pride of the Chinese people.
He perseveres and overcomes every difficulty.
When he stood on the playing of the national anthem.
He was world championship.
It was the best time in history the spotlight shone on LiuXiang.
So I think the nation and honor support the sportsmen to do so.
Nowadays, in order to extend business to university campus, some banks offer credit cards to college students.
Many people worry that credit cards may do harm to students, while others don't think so.
Therefore, this is a hot topic whether credit cards do harm for college students or not.
In my opinion, credit cards are useful to the contemporary students if we reasonably use it.
First of all, we know that the social development is as fast as a flying rocket.
Our college students also live a better life so that we have much money to spend.
We cannot always put the money in our body.
Yet, we can keep some cash into credit card in case that the thief will steal it.
And then when we go out to buy things, do not need to withdraw cash instead of credit cards.
In this way, it is convenient for us to pay any fee.
The last reason is that more and more criminals are active in society leading to fake money appeared in every corner of our life.
So,maybe someone have seen fake money.
If we pay for something with credit cards, the phenomenon could be avoided as much as possible.
In short, if we use credit cards are reasonable, that is good for our life.
According to the above analysis, we can arrive at the conclusion that credit cards are convenient and useful for college students.
If we use it better, there will be a lot of benefits.
This week, we discussed a topic about animals.
In the talk, 40 persents of us agreed that we should keep animals in zoos.
Because people can see animals everyday and animals can be taken good care in zoos.But 60 persents of us disagreed this opinion.
Because animals like to live in natural life and animals can not free when they have activity in the animals' house.
In my opinion, we shouldn't keep animals in zoos.
First, animals can get closer to other animals in the wild .
Second, animals will live happily when they live in the nature.
What's more, it can make their life more colourful.
In order to protect endangered animals,we mustn't kill them for money and make plans to protect their homes.
Many people like to do so many things, but in fact it is rarely .
Becaures without a strong will power.
For example : love smoking who want to quit smoking cessation is the word in their minds had called several times,some people may eventually have to quit it.
Another example:before we test the English four level and six level, plan to remember words every day ,do read the short essay, but most of the students failed to adhere to the last,etc-all these are because does not have a strong will as a result.
In this world there are many cdlebrities,they are not only have their unoque ability and success.and they are a strong will.
Edison in his numerous failed, be known to all the world incentor.known as"the world king of the invention".
Helen kate with her strong will power to overcome her disability .eventually became a Disabled Ameeican educator.
Therefore,the will is a necessary condition for success.
So it will be a stepping stone to success is alse a stumbling block.
This week, our class has a discussion.The subject of the discussion is "Shall we keep animals in the zoos?".
In class,40% of my classmates think we should keep them in zoos.Why?
Because some people say we can see many animals.
It's easy for us to learn the information of animals than in the wild.
Also, animals in wild may die for many,many diseases.
But in zoos, many of them are so preicous because of the quantity that they can get a good care from people.
And the rest of my classmates thinks we shouldn't keep them in zoos.
Animals like to stay in the nature and they can move freely in cages.
It's the wrong way to show our love to them and protect them.
In my opinion,I think they should live in the wild.There are their real homes,not in cages.
In the future, if we see animals when we are travelling,please go away from them.
That we can give them a peaceable place to live in.
Nowadays college graduates aim too high.
All they want are good jobs which could offer good salary, comfortable working conditions, and high social status among others.
Civil servants are the majority of graduates ' best choice.
Civil servants' salaries level in our country is in the high level, the intensity of labor is not too high, social status is higher, and welfare is good.
Facing the employment problem .
Girls and boys will have different choice.
The boys prefer challenging work, for they want to realize their ambitions.
While the girls will choose the stable job, their dedications are not so heavy.
In addition, they should take care of the family, a lot of housework occupied their many time.
As far as I am concerned, the male are ambitious than the female.
While under great pressures, the female care a lot of things that make them can ' t ambitious.
So they may choose more stable jobs.
Anyway, we should accord to own actual situation and our dream .
do what we really want.
People are always good at faking or hiding themselves behind the masks in the daily life.
They may laud something but treated it with hatred deep in their heart; they may flatter the hair of the beautiful girl but slander her secretly.
The words can be faking and pretending but the true attitude and emotion can be always reflected in their actions.
The veracity of the action reflects the inside can be demonstrated by the example of Shinzo Abe, nowadays presidents of Japan.
For Shinzo Abe, one important problem is Japan's relationship with other countries since Japan made huge destruction to America and some Asian countries which was still remembered today and stunt the way the development and the corporation with Korea and China.
So recently, in order to maximize the benefit of Japan and make a good refutation internationally , Shinzo Abe made some commentary about the mistake Japan made to America and Asian countries during the WWII , showed Japan's willingness of seeking the peace, communication and corporation, which is very impressed.
But his words are totally faking and pretentious.
His rhetoric words made him become a "pacifism" but latter, unforgivably he went to the Yasukuni Shrine to remember the dead solider during the WWII.
Such action reflect the true thought in his deep mind---the war is not a mistake at all; he did not feel sorry about it but regarded it as pride and honorable .
Though made some nice commentary about the peace and the regret, Shinzo Abe does not mean to that at all.
Hiding himself with the pretentious words, his act perfectly and accurately reflect his true thoughts.
The actual and revealing action break the faking words and show the true self is also reflected by the Bill Clinton .
As the former president, Bill Clinton always likes a good man with a reliable and mature image built by his rhetoric words in front of the American citizens during his tenure.
Pretending and faking, he made up beautiful stories about his happy and steady family life with the embellishment of his relationship with his wife.
It is not who he is at all, but eventually, his amorous and disloyalty was reflected by his act of cheating on his wife with the intern in white house--- Lewinsky .
During his tenure, Clinton was found to have sexual relationship with the young inter Lewinsky, cheating his though wife while still making lies.
This event shocked American.
Although always told lies about the beautiful and happy family life, trying to build a mature and wise image, the amorous Clinton showed his true self through the betrayal to his wife, his seemly good image broke apart and it became the end of his president period.
From the example of the Zippergate event, it is obvious that the action always reflect more than the disguisable words.
As the winter vacation is drawing near,I have a plan about learning English on my vacation.
I make preparation for English Four-stage exam.
Firstly,I will spend 20 minutes remembering words every morning.
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.Then.I am going to listen to the BBC to improve my listening.Because I am weak in listening .Secondly.I will write English composition every day in any form.
However.I think reading comprehension is very important for the English exam.
So I will read English writing and try to translate them into chinese.
Finally.Practice makes perfect.
In my space time,I will listen to English songs and see English films.
I will try my best to learn Engish well.
The day before yesterday I ordered two books about learning Japanese at Amazon.cn.
And I got these books that were offered free shipping after 24 hours.
Online shopping works great for me.I have bought anything online, like books, clothes, shoes, snacks, teas and even plants.
Sometimes the prices of goods online are much lower than the stores.
And I can often get what I don't find locally.
I enjoy my experience of shopping online.
The passage of time,never pause.Turn between eye,we will fall from through went to the winter.
There is a quote sentence:Winter has comes ,can spring be far behind!As a matter of fact said which has reached season,then next will not be far.So in the autumn just by that time,I'll aware of winter approaches.
Before the coming winter, we carrying luggage ,parents don't leave, and the to study the set foot onthe path.
We pregnant with vision for the future came ti the here.
Before the coming winter ,we a handfulof books, at the university campus in walking.
In the us to study in the house of the hall close.We struggle with in the future.
Before the coming winter.
I have not been getting in touch with you for a long time .But you know I love you so much .
When I was a child ,in my eye you are patient but strict .Because you are a teacher ,all you think are right and if I can not understand problems you always explained them to me until I completely understand .But when I make silly mistakes you would criticize me too,and you always made me crying .Because of you I never make the same mistakes now .I thank you so much mother.I love you.
I feel good in my college ,I can get along with my classmates well .
My teachers take care of me,so you need not worry about me .Faher is ok?
Please look after him instead of me .I love him too.I study hard because you said to me before: Nothing in the word is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.I will follow your steps ,I will become your pretension.You are always the one I love.
My grandfather passed away 3 years ago.
It was a rainy day, and the endless rainwater dropped from the sky, just like the sky also cried for the death of an old kind-hearted man.
Everything happened so suddenly before I had time to prepare it, and I had a delayed reaction.
A few nights after the death of my grandfather, I awoke suddenly at midnight, I missed him so much that I couldn't help crying.
When I was a pupil, I was very naughty like a little boy, and I was curious about everything around me.
Sometimes I wanted to climb a tree to catch a bird, some other times, I wanted to jump into the river to swim with fish, I can not figure out what I had done had any meaning now, but at that time I had a love for it.
On the contrary, my grandfather was a serious old man, he thought a girl should be quiet and obeyed, and he did not like me to jump like a boy.
Therefore he always use his special way to teach me when I did something wrong made him angry.
Once, I secretly changed the salt to sugar, I just wanted to know how my grandfather would react.
When he tasted the first dish, he did find something was wrong, but he pretended to know nothing, he continue enjoying his lunch.
Unfortunately, I could not stand the food was sweet, cause I hate to eat candy.
Obviously, my grandfather was on purpose, so I decided to keep silence.
My grandfather and I didn't mention it with each other, and I never play tricks with others since than, because my grandfather taught me one thing, a person must suffer from the bad things he have done.
My grandfather was such a wise old man, he never say much about your mistake, then you feel shame for what you did, the whole process was entirely silence.
I still remember the harmonious scene when I done my homework while he read the newspaper, after I finished the homework, he began to check it for me.
When he found the mistake, he became serious and frowned, then I began to know where was my mistake before he told me.
Many people in his age even can not write their own name, but he was a rare university graduate, so he was very strict with me in my study.
I thought I should appreciate my grandfather for his strictness, otherwise I wounld never have the chance to step in an university.
I regret that I didn't cherish the time when I spent with my grandfather, I should have learnt more from him, his optimistic, his kindness and so on.
People regularly say that a good man will go to heaven after death, I believe my grandfather peer at me in the heaven, so I will do things as he wishes.
Today, there is a lot of persons like to blindly.
No matter for the wrong, people always imitate to do it.
They can't do their best.
That is the reason why these people often can't find themselves.
Also, some people don't know themselves in life.
Sometimes they don't know what they're doing.
Also they change their ideas because some people's words.
Then they can easily be moved their position.
In such cases, people should realize the importance of their own.
Something only you can do, others can't instead of you.
When we do things cannot be influenced by others.
What'more, as a student, I should hold on to our dreams.
We should do our best to study.
On no account can we ignore the value of knowledge.
Through the practice to enrich themselves.
Using our senses to explore our environment of people, things, places and events.
Last but not least, our future belongs to ourselves, we are what we read.
I think doing is the best way of learning.
Even if reading is beneficial to us,which can let us learn more about the world and abandon our horizons,it's not the best way of learning.There is no short cut on the way of learning.We can learn a lot of knowledge by reading,but it is not as impressive and true as doing.
But doing is totally different from reading.Just like you can't feel the sweet smell of flowers by others' words ,like you can't be astounded by the beauty of nature through some pictures,you need to be there and feel it by yourself.When you are devoted to what you need to learn,you can learn more quickly and smoothly than reading.
You must make mistake in your life if you are a human, mistake is an usually things, so you are not too self-abuse when you make a mistake.
Knowing the mistake and correct it with care that is the most important.
When you make a mistake, you should think carefully why you make the mistake and you can absorb what in the mistake.
If you do this, and your mistake will become more and more less, meanwhile you will leare more, and you will be the best.
So when you make a mistake, frist you should not to be sad and you should thinking with carefully and learn more from the mistake.
Nowadays,more and more students lack social practice .Should improve the college students'social practice ?
Some people think it is a big problem for us.we can find a job easier in the future.Neither some don't think it is necessary .social practice may bring some problems,For example,some students spend too much time in taking part in part-time jobs,so they can ignore their studies.
In my opinion,I think it is obvious that social practice is playing a more and more important role in Chinese college education.So we should try to balance relationship between social practice and study.
We should put our studies in the first place.then we can use free time to take part in part-time jobs to improve social practice ability.
My school is not big and not high.
I show you around.
There are thirty-three classes in our school.
There is a library in the school.
It's on the first floor.
There are two music rooms in my school.
One is on the first floor.
One is on the fourth floor.
There is one computer room in the school.
It's on the fourth floor.
There is an art room in the school.
It's on the second floor.
My class is on the fourth floor.
There are forty-one students in it.
My school is very beautiful.
I like my school.
As we know,everybody always confront difficult in the life.When we face difficult,we must brave face it.In that difficult play a part in our life.As long as we defeat it,we can succeed.So we need face difficult in the life.
Now,the college students face difficult choose hid.This is unfavorable phenomenon.
So we must face difficult,we must defeat difficult,so we are in the succeed.Such as, Not being courageous to face setbacks, people have no chance to enjoy the pleasure of success.
So they have nothing to do but feel sad and empty all day and all night.
In fact, they lose the chance of success themselves.So we want to succeed,face difficult is must.
Reading books is the ladder of human progress, to a person's influence is very big, some people say that reading makes people noble, choose a good book to read, not only can inspire the mind, improve quality, also can harvest school less than knowledge.
Reading, the first thing to choose according to their interests, book types varied, multifarious, so-called, interest is the best teacher, he can attract you to read more seriously.
Second, reading should choose some useful to oneself, can strengthen their own skills and improve their ability, let the book of knowledge for their use.
Third, to all kinds of books to read, can learn different kinds of book knowledge is not the same, to learn more things is good, the skill is no burden.
So, we should read more books, read good books.
As we all know,carbon dioxide is a very important factor to lead to the global warming.Carbon dioxide is not very poisonous in the atmosphere,but each year since,the concentration has crept upward.Thus,the temperature on the Earth continues to go up from year to year.
There are many factors which lead to the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.Firstly,in the last few centuries,people used some fuels which contain carbon,such as coal,oil,natural gas and so on.These fuels were burned to carbon dioxide and poured into the atmosphere at a rate of many tons per day.Secondly,people cut down trees,so less carbon dioxide is absorbed by trees.Thirdly,the population grows up quickly from year to year.Fourthly,developing the economy lead to the environment becomes bad,the carbon dioxide is added to the atmosphere rapidly.
Due to the global warming,some measures should be taken to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.First,we should plant more and more trees to save our forests,Second,we must have new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide.Third,sometimes,the government should advocate people to protect our family.
As far as I am concerned,in daily life,we can ride bike,sometimes,we can give up cars to walk on the street.We don't use disposable chopsticks.For one things,we should save papers and protect plants from cutting down.For another thing,we can take part in some activities about preventing the global warming.
Nicholas Sparks,the author of Dear John,was born in Omaha,Nebraska.He and his wife are pious Catholics.His first novel The Passing which was not published wrote in 1985 and The Royal Murders in 1989 when he was in college.He failed in get a job when he graduated.
Several years later,A Lakota Journey to Happiness and Self-Understanding brought him his first success in 1990.
With the succeeding of his first novel,his Message in a Bottle(1999),A Walk to Remember(2002),The Notebook(2004),Nights in Rodanthe(2008),Dear John(2010),and The Last Song(2010)brought him popularity.
Dear John was wrote under the background of the war.This is a book of love fiction which tell us a moving story about John and Savannah.John drops out of school and enlists in the army not knowing what to do with his life until he meets the girl Savannah.Their mutual attraction quickly grows into the kind of love that leaves Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty.John wants to settle down with the girl who has captured his heart.He promises Savannah that he will come back soon and then there will no separation between them.It is time they have to separate,so they write letters to each other.But the 911 event,out of patriotic feelings,John requires to extend the tour of duty.There are some obstacles between John and Savannah,but finally, Savannah support the decision of John.After John back to troops,for a long time,he haven't received a letter from Savannah.Then he receives a Dear John letter which broken his heart.He burns all the letters and decides to stay at the troops.
He hears bad news about his father who devoted himself into the collection of coins and have little communication with John after he grows up.John back to his home town and know the truth of the Dear John letter-Savannah married Tim who suffer from cancer and needs her help.The story ends with Tim dead,several years later John and Savanna meet at the gate of a coffee shop,holding each other tightly.
The whole story lead us to feel the love between John and Savannah,John and his father.True love must suffer a lot.It is common believed that if you love someone,it is not so important to get together,but I hold the view that if someone do beloved,they should try their best to get together and love each other with all they have.Savannah should not make the decision by herself,she can help Tim, even not marry him.I should say that sometimes love is selfishness.The most touching is John's father,he loves John deeply,but he don't know how to show it.Maybe he just show his love by collecting coins,he misses the time he spent with John when John was a child.Little word,but great love which is the impression John's father leaves me.
Nowadays, the case of college students suicide is not strange to us.
From the reports of newspapers, television, radios and so on we can learn that some college students over their lives in various ways in that they under much mental pressures.
And many college students complain that they can't have a good sleep in night since they always ponder some teachings of parents or professors involuntary.
In accordance with the source of the pressures there are 3 kinds of college pressures.
Firstly, the pressures from professors.
On the one hand, in college professors teaching knowledge in a fast pace and as a freshman you must discard his studying manners which were used in high school.
So many freshman can't adjust to the college learning.On the other hand, after every class professors always give a great number of assignments to students but students only have little time to do them.
So college students may feel much pressure from professors.
What's more, the pressures from family.
As far as I know the college students are a pound for their fathers and mothers .
Accordingly, they all have a belief that their children would make a high achievement in their fields.
Then the high expectation make the college students depression and negative.
Finally, the pressures from college students themselves.
Many times there is not other people but themselves give a heavy pressure to themselves.
The university campus is just like a battlefield and every students here is like a soldier.
Some students keep learning and learning desperately in order to get a high score.
Competing with others many students feel tired and dreaded.
The mental health of college students is really a difficult problem to the whole society.
And how to reduce college students' pressures is worthy to think about.
As a college student we also should try our best to preserve a good mood and reduce college pressures.
I feel the school environment is very important on campus...M says that you may be attracted by the fast-paced world, which you are in school activities and learning that somethings can not attract you like.
It the reason why our school is not a waste of time learning the equipment.
Is not the first.
Why the students learn faster now,I think the most factors is that the school environment.Good school environmrent can help students learn more benifit Knowledge in the school.
As far as I am consened, the school should create good environment for students.
At the same time,the students should see the nature of the school environment.And then they will enjoy the happy time on campus.
In my Senior High school, I have some expections for university, one of it is that could attend classes what I like, and sometimes I could cut a class when I want to go out.
Now when I go to college, I feel that my thinking is improper.
We couldn't do that, and it makes me feel sad.
And I think that go to classes should be optional for students.
The way could help students save time, develop other skills and develop the ability of autonomously.
When I go to college, I realized that time is very important and how to save time is very necessary.
Sometimes in class, we understood what the teacher said before, but we can't do another thing.
So I think it's wasting time.
I can use this time perfectly, not just stay at classroom.
And if the course is not important, we could learn the course by another way, like Internet.
What we should learn from college, we not only need learn our major course, we also need develop other skills.
For example, the relationship between teachers and students, between students and students and others major knoeledge.
If the course is not important, we should develop other skills to enrich ourselves.
I think learn and think by ourselves is very important, and it could exercise our abillity of autonomously.
When we have legitimate reason to leave classes, I think it could be allowed.
Studying in university, we not only rely on our teachers, we also need to do it by ourselves.
I n our college life, we need more time to practice what we have learned, so save time is very important.
We need develop some other skills to guarantee your future life, and we need think more, do more and think by ourselves.
And when waste time in the classes, not as good as do some meaningful things.
With the developing of technology,our living quality will be better and better.
cities get more and more nervous.So people produce new problem,that is housing problem in cities.
The reason of housing problem is the population more and more,and the price of house is very expensive.Leading to people can not live in cite comforteble.
I think government should take measures to solve the housing problem cities.and work out a plan about the house price to let people can afford.
Someone my love most is my father.
My father is a farmer.
He is hard-working and honest.
He always went out until tonight in my merry.
My father is becoming old day by day.
His waist bends.
But my father is wise .when I made a mistake; he only put out my mistake.
So we could not quarrel.
My father is a mountain in my heart.
Even if the sky falls some day, I can not afraid.
My father will help me.
Another people my love most is my mother.
The senses fly, which my mother put her hands around me.
She is a good listener.
When I complained the society, She only patted me on my shoulder..
I want to become a tree.
I hope I can protect my parents.
It was so suffering for me when I find one of my best friends is not willing to do a small simple thing for me.
I couldn't stop myself thinking that what she will react when I'm in a huge trouble.
The fear of the coming complicated adult world made me under high pressure.
The stress was just like a shadow that pollute the warm sunshine of friendship.
And the shadow is always there, I just can't get rid of it.
So, I tried to listen to her---the shadow.
At first, the shadow forced me to draw a picture of friendship without her.
It's fantastic if she is not around.
No one would feel upset or unsatisfied in their pure friendship.
Absolutely, but that's when we were still little children who don't need to think about how to enter society.
Actually, I'm not the single one to meet her.
Everyone has met her or is destined to meet her in their friendship.
I need to know her deeply, only then can I fight against her.
The relationship between my friendship and her are just like the flower and the leaves.
The green leaves set off the beauty of flowers.
With the stress's set off, we distinguish good and bad friendship, we find out who is worth what you pay and who do not deserve it.
The girl I mentioned before actually can't be my best friend, and I shouldn't do too many things for her because it will lead to deep disappointment if she can't meet my high expectations.
I felt much better after knowing this, and I have to admit that stress is my friend, however, not a friend who will comfort me but force me to move on when I'm upset, not a friend who will share my joys but go through the worst time with me, not a friend who will lift me up but hit me down to learn to become stronger.
At last, she and I reached a consensus that I need to correct my attitudes towards friendship and put it into action.
The girl was still my friend and she did nothing wrong, I should just keep our current relationship and treat her like normal friends.
The only thing I changed was that I don't expect her to do anything for me.
It really worked, both she and I felt comfortable and relaxed.
She hasn't gone away, but still stay with me like a shadow, a shadow who will never be apart from me, a shadow who always reminds me of not going wrong way in friendship, a shadow who will never gonna to hit me down again.
Now, I'm used to this friend's silent accompany like a shadow and only with her can I walk on my way without worry or fear.
Although it's tough when she comes out and talks to me, I'm still looking forward to it because I know I will grow stronger after each talk.
She is like a bitter medicine that you can only find her function after recovery, she is like a hard drink that you can only enjoy her fruity after tasting her spicy, she is like strict teacher that force you to be better.
Treat her like a friend and talk to her, your friendship will be friendly.
I am very glad to hear from you.Now I would like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
My favourite teacher is an very enthusiastic woman called Mrs Wang,who teaches me English in junior high.She is a successful English teacher.Because the student who is teached by her always get great grades in the final exam.She is strict but patient.She makes everyone feels happy in Engilsh class.In her class we learned not only the scope of exam but also some other interesting knowledges of Engilsh.She often held some activities in class at that time and we have fun.That is the reason why almost all of her students like her.
I used to be very poor in Engilsh and even decided to give up.Then I met Mrs Wang.She told me "God help those help themselves.
"and encouraged me a lot.She gave me some advice on how to learn English well.With her help ,I made great progress and become more confident.So I am grateful to her very much.
There are obvious differences between high school life and college life.
First, college students will live in the dormitory with classmates who come from various places, and who may have different living habits.
Second, college teachers ,instead of explaining in detail how to solve every problem, might only tell different approaches to the problem, and leave students to study and solve problems independently.
Finally, in college, there is more free time for students to spend on.
However how should the college freshman adapt himself to these differences.
First of all, he should learn to be tolerant and consider more for others, which is necessary for group living.
Moreover he should take active part in collective activities and make more communication with classmates and teachers.
It will help he be smoothly integrated with your new environment.
Besides, as to study, he should develop a good habit of self-teaching and learn to arrange study independently.
Of course, it may take a freshman some while to become accustomed to the study and life in college.
However, we all have to accept constant challenges of new things in our life.
To conclude, college students should try to adapt himself to college life as soon as possible, so as to take full advantages of their precious college time.
Recently,the problem of food safety has been worried by people all the time.It has become a serious social problem.
Food safety brings much terrible influence to society and ordinary people.For example,we eat kinds of snack which cooked by illegal cooking oil.And,tainted milk is threatening both the young and the old every day.So and chemical additives,pesticide pollution.Food safety has been a part of our daily life.
How can we improve our food safety awareness?When the fruits and vegetables aren't fresh and clean any more,what should I do?I think I could only wash them one more time with the hope that they will become safe again sooner.
Look at my school.
It is clean and beautiful.
We like in school each day for the most extremely much.
In the building are six storeys high including the ground floor.
On the second floor, there are two big art rooms.
I can draw here.
On the fourth floor, you can see many classes in it.
Our classroom is in the fourth floor too.
I'm learning here.
On the first floor, there is a big library.
There is not a computer room.
There are a lot of books in it.
I like reading books here.
Beside the building, there is a big playground.
I play football in it.
I like there very much.
This is my school.
Different people have different dreams.
Some people dream of making a lot of money.
Some people dream of living a happy life.
I also have a dream.
My dream is to be a rich man, and then I want to be a big boss.
Build hundreds of buildings, and investment to my country, China, because I love my hometown.
After that, I want to buy a country house, and returned to my parents, grandparents and all the relatives.
Go sp for as to as for how to realize dream.
I think if I want to come true the dream, I must learn hard and she learned.
When you enter into the forest, it is lucky to meet a tiger.
Once the tiger wows, then you may need to think about how to catch it.
There is a useful way for your reference.
Step one : prepare a trap.
Step two: hide yourself.
Step three: waiting for the tiger jump into the trap.
Don't thank me when you really meet a tiger, my name is Lei-Feng.
I hear a message about you that your relation with your friend is out of the quetion.I donot want see that the event used you sad.So I want to help you.
I want to kown the reason of the event in detail.
First I think that everything cann't destory our friendship.I suggest you should add the chance about talking with your friend.Understand in turn and open minded with each other.
In spite of had misunderstand ever,in my opinion the friendship is the most important.
In a word, friendship is the best valuable of us.Don't know until lose.
I wish you can make your peace with your friend.
As it is known to all that there is nothing sexier than being confident and taking care of yourselves.Therefore,the fact that self-confidence is of great significance in today's society.Nevertheless, more and more young people realize it is difficult to build up self-confidence for the reason that they are not able to communicate with others.What's more,the rapid development of electronic technology has influenced the various dimensions of human life,which means that the modern communication technology such as computer and intelligent mobile phone has dominated our daily life.As a result,the distance between people has been farther and farther.Meanwhile,a sense of loneliness and inferiority has been aroused among people by resisting contact with the outsiders.
From my point of the view,self-confidence is rather important for everyone.No matter if you face the pressure of learning or work challenge.According to the forementioned,the prescription for the problem lies in many aspects.On the one hand,we should set a clear overall goal accompanied with the periodic targets,which bases on our personal abilities,then we need to draw up an effective plan.On the other hand,we have to make every effort to follow the plan and achieve the goal step by step.In addition,an optimistic attitude plays a key role in our daily life.Whenever possible,we should do self-examination form time to time and try to get more friends without hesitation so that we will conquer our fears gradually.At the same time,don't be afraid of making mistakes.Finally,keep one thing in mind,we are only exceptional when we believe we are exceptional.
All in all,self-confidence is more than an attitude,it comes from knowing ourselves and having rational judgements.Not only can it increases adaptability into society,but also it will make an incredible change to us.
Nowadays,as more and more students get in campus,many problems following it,and academic cheat is the most serious.
In many intstances,we can found that the academic cheat harm students interest.A lot of students were damaged by the academic cheat.It not only stopped students learning new knowledge and skill,but also gave wrong guidance to students as to academic matters.
For my part,in order to reject academic cheat,we should make strict demands on ourselves and develop our academic realize.Let's the academic cheat far away from us.
Last week my parents with me went to Mount Yunmen.
Mount Yunmen is in Qingzhou City Shandong Province.
We arrived early morning when it was sunny I looked at the sky that it was very blue,and the air was very fresh.
The sun rose behind me and it shone on the rocks.
There were many kinds of trees and birds.
I felt the many trees look like giant, because the trees were very tall and big.
I thaught that the birds were nature's singers,because the birds' voice sounded like that they were singing.
Mount Yunmen had a very big word and Mount Yunmen was famous for it.
It was "Shou"word.
It was about 7.5 metres high and it was about 3.7 metres wide.
We in order to remain the scenery that we have a picnic and take a photo.
I certainly know the answer.
I think that Mount Yunmen is the greatest wonder of the natural world.
According to the government of China, in order to keep a no smoking circumstance, all the public place throughout China are not allowed to smoke from January 1st, 2011 by posting no smoking sign.
The government conducted a survey about the condition of smoking people in China.
The figures indicated that approximately 3.5million people smoke and 75% of them are males even 25% of them are females.
About 4.5million people are influenced by second-hand smoke and 10,0000 died of it annually.
In sum, not only should we need to keep a healthy and strong body but also to have a bright future, avoiding smoking is the best way.
Too much people is succeeds in the world, because they know stick to do everything when they decide to do the thing.
Such as 40 years old man Li Jin Qi.Wu Hong Sheng and well-known Edison etc.
In the college, I have 4 years to study and life.
I think we are short of self-confident, we play computer game everyday.
We have dream, but we should go into action.
Don't afraid is defeated, don't afraid tried.
We can found easier than begin when do it over and over again .Maybe we have gain some opportunities, but we win ourselves in the end .
Now more and more students ingore the importance of spelling.In fact,the importance of spelling is out of our imagination.Many causes result in this phenomenon.First of all,many students read cursorily and ingore the meaning of words.There is something special that students of colleage used to write with listening music.That is bad habit.Second,students always write in the examination paper.Just answering those questions.And this brings the problem on.Finally,students pay attention to listening and reading.They often ingore the importance of spelling.
I think we should attach importance to the standard of spelling.Spelling isn't only a requirement,but also a attitude.If we do it carefully,we will improve soon.When we read articles,not only do we undertand the meaning of article,but also interprete every word.Accumulating is important.we can write a article and consummate it.After many times,I think we can see our improvement.Improvement of spelling lies in details.Whatever we read,listen,write,or speak,we should pay attention to every detail of word.
All in all,spelling is long insistance.We shouldn't give up haifway.
University graduates should develop lots of qualifies.Such as:honesty,the independent life,character.
However,what qualifies should we really have?First of all,we should be honest.So in the exam you shouldn't cheat the others.If you want to like that,you should work hard.
Society need the honest people.We should develop the habit of honesty.Second,we should develop the habit of the independent life.In college we need do everything by ourselves.Do not rely on our parents.Third,we should plan our future and look forward to a good job.No matter how difficult to meet,we can't give up.
On my opinion,our character is the most important.When we have own character,we can adapt to everything.
We are very pleased to inform you that the goods under our Sales Confirmation No.J-29 are shipped by S.S."Pearl".The goods will be transhipped from Hongkong by S.S"Follwer".The cost is associated with cost and freight.We have sent a fax on March,15,2015.
And you can insure on time .
We look forward to your early confirmation.
Topic: My First English Writing Class in 2014.
our school is carrying out "image ambassador on campus" of activity.
After thinking, I'd like to recommend the classmate lily for the school.
The reasons are the following: Fristly, during the period of school, she keeps good grades, it reflects the school of teaching level.
Secondly, she often helps others and friendly, in the eyes of students, she is a helpful student.
Thirdly, no matter when and where, she had a good posture, etiquette, China is formal state, she has perfect performance.
Fourthly, she speaks clearly, has a bright personality and positive attitude to face life.
The last, good image, good temperament, her smile is not high, but from the inside out with affinity.
These are reasons why I recommend the player, I hope the principal can seriously examine him of advantages.
the happiness of taking part in it.gradually,it will be very hard for him to fit in the society.
College student ought to take part in society practice as much as possible in their spare time if they want to train themselves.Because as a college,like me,We can not only study some text knowledge.
As far as i am concerned,for us college students,we must take part in some society practice.Because only in this way can we accumulate some valuable experience ,and we can catch up with the steps of developing society more easily.
My first travel is to hainan when I was seven years old.
I went there with my parents.
We stayed there for two weeks and walked on the beach everyday .
It was soft, Ifelt warm.
I really like eating seafood,after dinner,we would drink coconut juice,that was amazing.We all enjoyed ourselves and were il the enthusiasm of the people in hainan.
There has a story : a player, who took part in a long-distance race ,walked through a sand beach.
His shoes full with sand then he putted it off and cleaned his shoes in a hurry .
After that he continued running.
However, the sand also remained.
He felt pain in each step, nevertheless, he did not stop to clean his shoes, instead he continued walking.
In the last few meters, because his badly hurt so he had to give up the race.
When he putted off his shoes, he found that what made he got pain for several hours and finally gave up was only a sand.
So , sometimes what prevent us go ahead is not the high mountain or abyss but a small sand.
In order to avoid a slight mistake, we would make out a falsehood.
As a result, we need to bear two things: "mistake" and "lie".
After that, we have to draw up a new lie to conceal them.
This time , we would live in a nervous, fearful and remorseful life.
In a word , that first lie is a sand.
Before I went to college,I always pursued Libertarianism.Considering that Peking University is famous for its relaxed environment,I suspected that there would not be a more suitable school for me except it.So I was intent on studying hard to pass the examination for a free life and then I really made it!
It is really a satisfying life.I can do any legal things I want to do and no one will prevent me.At the beginning,I feel very happy.
I can dine out whenever I want and eat whatever I want.And I can spend more time for entertainment.
However things are not always go as you expect.Problems begin to emerge.The money I spend is beyond budget and my scores are low.So,I have to make some changes.I begin to lower the unreasonable cost and learn to resist the temptations of electronic devices.Finally,things are going better.
On balance,my life in Beida is wonderful and I like it.If you are strongly self-control,you will enjoy the life here too.
In my Senior High school,I'm very happy to make a lot of new friends,including my teachers.They are very enthusiastic and friendly.People say that first impressions are very important,I think maybe it's right.So that is one of reasons why I like my English teacher best.
My first impression of Mrs Yu was that she was a very beautiful woman and her spoken English said brilliant.The English class was interesting.We uesd a new textbook and Mrs Yu's method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.She thinks grammar is imprtant.She uesd a computer to teach us and then many language points appeared on a big screen.We saw very clearly.About our homework,we need to practise reading comprehension and spelling words no matter whether we have a test or not.
Mrs Yu wants to help us improve our spoken English,so she set a task:everyone need to prepare an introduction on your own,and then introduced ourselves in English to all the classmates before the class.I think this way is funny and useful to improve our English skills,not only on speaking,but also on writing.As well as,we can have confidence and courange to do everything after this experience.And the behaviour of the other students shows that they like her too.I'm looking forword to studying English with her.
As to the question of which is more important, knowledge or creativity.
Some people think that knowledge should be emphasized in education.
Because they treat it as the source of study.
And also, gaining a lot of knowledge is their goal of learning.
But others maintain that schools should encourage creativity in students.
In this way, students may be provided more inspiration.
For all of the inventors, creativity is the most significant factor which helps them to succeed.
In my opinion, knowledge and creativity are in the equal position.
They complement each other .When we step in a study for the first time, we should handle a great deal of knowledge.
On that foundation, we can add up new things.
Knowledge is just like walking, and creativity is like running.
When we are able to walk steadily, we can try to run.
If not, we may be stagnant.
However, if we run at the beginning, we would fall.
Knowledge is the basis of creativity, and at the same time, creativity is the reaction of Knowledge.
I know different people have different points of view.
For example, some people may be think time means money to they.
It is the reason why is they can get even more money when they have more free time.
Of course, maybe some people have different views.
For example, some people think time means life or other, and they have a myriad of reasons.
However, the opinion that it is very important for us to should develop the habit of cherishing the time is correct.
To be sure, I don't agree with opinions.
My opinion is that the time mean my everything.
The reason is each individual's life are numerous and obviously, so lost time means lost anything, by the time, whether it is money or other will are nothingness.
This means that if I want to get something, I have to cherish the time and work hard for it.
Nowadays,with the development of society,making track for a star is normal social phenomenon.Most of them are young people .
the phenomenon.
Some people do not support make track for stars ,they think that they may ruin school.On the other hand,it is a wast of money to buy something related with their idols.
On the contrary,some people consider that they can learn more about their spirit quality and they can improve themselves.
From my point of view, Making track for a star does not matter,the thing is to have a degree, they should not blindly follow all the stars of the behavior.
But make track for a star on the boundaries to keep in mind.
Everyone must agree that reading plays an irreplaceable role among their life.
When they study books, they not only develop skill, but also take fun.However, people hold different opinions about which one is better between learning by book and learning by doing, everyone has sufficient cause for their opinion.
People argue about it for a long time without a result.
In my opinion, doing is as important as reading.
Even the book has so much great cause, however, it was only the left leg of our human society.
Otherwise, the other leg is practice.
When I was young, my parents told me a proverb"discusses the military on paper", which tells a story about a militarist who only read books but doesn't take the actual combat seriously.
He accepted a miserable ending.
I think it tells us that practicing need to be valued.
The world is various enough that there does be something you can't learn by the book, and then practice arrives the point.
There are many jobs in the world .For instance the entrepreneur ,the big boss, the engineer ,the writer.
People according to their own interests, their own conditions to choose different careers.
that is why interest and ability have a lot of word.
For me, I like playing football, the dream is to become a professional football player.
The cause of this three points, first of all, football brings me a lot of happiness, and can strengthen my body, can live better.
Second, since the childhood I would cling to the style of European soccer and American football skills.
Football is integrated into strength, speed, technique, passion, aesthetics.
To become a professional soccer player is not very easy Of course, I have a lot of shortcomings.
Today I'll introduce the country that I want to visit,Switzerland to you.
Switzerland is next to Austra,France,Italy and Germany.
Switzerland is a beautiful country and visited by lots of people every year.The scenry of the country is so besutiful that people it the garden of the world.
Switzerland is famous for its watch, the chemical and food industry.
In a word,Switzerland is worth to visit.
As the time going on, we become a truly university scholars.
In the new school, we have a fresh life which is harmonious dormitory life.
Mabey we are all leave parents and live in school at first time, so we will always feel uncomfortable doing something and have a series of different problems, or some times will appear not harmonious problem.
On the other hand, In the dormitory, we are not feel alone, because we can do everything with classmates together.
For exam, go shopping with friends, have a positive time with friends each day and put our heart into the study.
So, A harmonious dormitory life is extremely crucial for us.
In my opinion, if we want to create harmonious dormitory life, First, we should get along with other friendly.
Next, we should try to get rid of some dreadful habits.
Finally, we should try to study forgive others and keep the lines of communication open between our self and friends.
Harmonious dormitory life make us happy and study more.
So, I love harmonious dormitory life, and I believe you will agree with me too.
Hello, Sharon.I am a volunteer,I think I can help you improve your English level, because I was living in China.My university is Chinese, all kinds of Chinese grammar system I can teach you.If you want to learn Chinese, you must first learn basic vocabulary, usually have to listen to Chinese songs, look no English subtitles Chinese film.Even more people to talk with China, which can effectively improve your Chinese.
I want to learn English, I hope you can teach me seriously, I'm very interested in English, especially spoken English.
I also like to listen to English songs, but also want to learn English and sing English songs.
Finally, I would like to be your friend, I hope we learn from each other happy.
As a carrier of thought, the classics are the quintessence of human intelligence.
Classics are accumulated by the process of which human learn about the world and change the world.
Because of the culture and history, each nation has lots of books, but not each can be classics.
The classics are classics because they have stood the test of time and the choice of history.
Such as the Four Chinese Classical Masterpieces, almost everyone knows.
People who have low education still know.
Therefore, people no matter in which era should regard the classics as treasure.
Some people think reading classics is a remote thing which is independent of our lives.
The charm of the classics comes from its rich and deep connotation.
They aren't the rough culture fast food.
Once you calm down, you can gain the great harvest.
As for the results of revisiting the classics, I think it's necessary for cultural heritage.
If you don't want to abandon the traditional national culture, reading the classics will be the indispensable way.
In terms of personal accomplishment, it can improve personal temperament.
You can understand a lot of philosophy of life.
Some people believe that the classics represent the wisdom of the past.
With the rapid development, there are a mass of new things.
As we are advancing towards the future, it is our responsibility to venture into the unknown and generate new understanding of man and nature.
We should create the better works to become the future classics.
But, the classics which are the original point of cultural product rely on the accumulation of culture.
The professor in W university said, the classics needn't avoid the influence of internet and entertainment.
We should promote the classics to go into a new era.
In a word, the classics are immortal.
We ought to create the future classics while revisiting the classics.
happiness is important in our life.
In fact,happiness is always you put your heart into it.I will never forget one thing.Once,i head a bad mark at a math test.I was shy and afraid to meet my parents.
But when i got back home late.Nener give up.I was moved and made up my mind to work harder.
Recently, a letter posted by the tourism bureau on the island of Tria is intended to demonstrate to the tourists the necessities of charging extra premium in order to protect the local environment.
In the letter, it has indicated the intention of charging from tourists is to replenish the sand and protect buildings on the nearby island.
By reading the letter, I am quite in line with the tourism bureau of Tria the vision of conservatory development of the tourist resources.
However, I also want to add up some convincing evidences for the letter on the purpose of comforting tourists while not curbing their enthusiasms of traveling there.
For one thing, with the idea of preserving resources and protecting the environment spreading worldwide, the bureau thus has set their mind of developing the local tourist resources in the long run, which is a worth-promoting initiative and surely can be accepted by tourists.
As it is mentioned in the letter, charging people for using the beaches is intended to raise money for replenishing the sand as well as protecting the residential areas nearby.
However, the problem is although the reasons for charging premium are elaborated clearly in the letter, people still do not know the exact amount of premium they need to pay.
Therefore, it is suggested that the definite sums of money tourists to pay should be clearly included in the letter.
Also, the premium that tourists should pay had better not to high, otherwise it really can annoy them and curb their traveling enthusiasm, especially for the potential travelers.
Besides, the process of how the raised money will be used in the sand replenishing and buildings protecting should also be included.
Because only when the authority have presented the process accurately can the public be convinced.
Otherwise, people may assume it is only an illegal activity of raising extra money which is disguised under the name of protecting and preservation.
Therefore, with these details clearly stated in the letter, I believe it can be more easily accepted by the tourists to pay the premium without anger.
For another, though tourists in question are obliged to pay some money for protection, the local government should take more responsibilities in preservation causes.
The bureau should not just expect to preserve the tourism resources by charging from the tourists.
In that letter, more information should be given to show the government concern in the protection undertakings and the resolute to work together with all the people, in that way, tourists can be rest assured that their contribution can be effective in the long term, otherwise, they will hold disbelief and doubt in heart.
All in all, as suggestions presented above, we may come to the conclusion that it would be better to add detailed information such as the exact premium and the whole process of making the most of the raised money in the letter.
By dong this, tourists can be more convinced and thus making the protection work become easier.
Today in China, children's independence has become a matter of a public concern.
On the one hand, some parents take care of almost everything concerned with their children, which they believe is the best way to love them.
On the other hand, children get used to doting upon by all family members in everything and lack of ability to solve problems on their own, which is very bad for their growth.
The following ways can be adopted to change the current situation.
In the first place, parents should make their children aware the importance and necessity of being independent, so as to cultivate the kid's sense of independence.
Then, the child should have been given the chance to see the world around him individually and to understand that there are various people and competitions in their lives.
Then they'll learn to find his right position in the society only by individual efforts.
Besides, parents should give their children much chance to handle their own life, to solve problems independently, and encourage them to make decisions by themselves.
Furthermore, it is impossible to ask a child to be independent at once.
The parents may give their children enough help and space to make them feel comfortable.
When their children are faced with difficulties and need some instructions or advises, parents should offer proper assistance.
In fact, more than four ways can be adopted.As far as I'm concerned, parents should help their children be independent, instead of determining everything for them.
Besides, children should be willing to improve the ability to overcome difficulties independently.
I firmly believe that the one who decide children's future should be the children themselves.
Nowadays,college students fall in love seems to be a very common thing.Almost everything in the university about love at least once.But,college students fall in love is a blessing or a curse.
Sometimes people in love reckless,regardless of the cost to do,thus has affected their studies.Even for a variety of reasons lead to psychological hurt in love.Therefore,some people think that college students are not suitable for full in love.
However,others think that at the university to talk about a love,so you can make yourself become more mature more know how to love a person.
In my opinion,love is like a coin has two sides,there are positive and negative.If you do not give yourself away in love but it as a drive,you will achieve greater progress in your learning.But if you only remember the love and ignore other things you will be a loser.
Good morning, boys and girls.
My name is L, today my topic is about the School evacuation drills.
It is known that the importance of our safety has always been on rise.
That is why we must be active in the evacuation drill, which aims to make us master the knowledge and skill to cope with the emergency and improve our ability of saving our life.
While some problems still exist in the drills, such as the majority of students did not fight the clock to go down to the playground.
Some other students went downstairs, still talking and laughing.
We should correct these lazy, irresponsible attitudes and treat the matter seriously.
Here are several effective measures for us to adopt.
Firstly, keep calm, quiet and fellow the conductor, whatever happens.
Secondly, get out of the buildings in orderly rows to avoid a panic-stricken stampede.
Furthermore, make your head under your arms or something hard, it is surely a wise choice.
That is all.
Thank you for your listening.
An Asian face alone cannot speak for your identity.
He is right.
The reason is not only because we did not study our own culture by heart, but also because the young generation is looking down upon the culture.
Thereafter, ever since September last year, I deem that I am indeed doing a vital task which is called the Complimentary Chinese Course.
As the first student to offer Chinese classes to foreigners in Ningbo, I started to learn the related materials on TCFL (Teaching Chinese as a Foreign Language) as well as to improve my teaching notes.
My first foreign student is Paola, an Italian and Spanish beauty.
I gave her a Chinese name so that she can better integrate into the Chinese learning environment.
In order to help her to deal with real-life situations in China, I made up different conversations on various occasions according to my own life experience and role-play them with her.
Normally, I will pretend to be the people she may talk to and give her the opportunity to practice.
For instance, for the first month here in China, she had a problem with the service of receiving international calls.
After I taught her how to speak with the service staff about the issue, she immediately went to China Mobile Customer Services and practiced it.
For new beginners like Paola, the first thing I do in the first class is need analysis, from which I learned that she wanted useful knowledge of Chinese that can be used in daily life.
Therefore, I can teach her with a clear goal.
For example, the content of my teaching is different topics in life, like how to do a self-introduction in Chinese, how to call a taxi and communicate with the driver, how to bargain when doing shopping in City God's Temple and so on.
Actually, new beginners in Chinese are just like the kids.
They will prefer words that are easy to pronounce and understand.
Take Paola as an example, she would love to use reduplicated words, so I taught her to use"Kan kan (just have a look)"when shopping or ordering food in order to extend her time for choosing.
Also, when she needs others to wait for one more moment, she may say "deng deng (wait a minute)".
To teach students in accordance with their aptitude will be more efficient and can also help the them to get the greatest sense of achievement.
For those expatriates who are learning Chinese, perseverance counts the most.
The first thing they need to do is to try their best using Chinese communicating with people around.
Being their tutor, we volunteers are also learning our Chinese culture in order to be a better teacher.
Take City God's Temple in Ningbo as an example, for those expatriates, it is more like a symbol for small commodity market, but we know that it has rich cultural background.
In this case, we can take advantage of their interest in shopping there and tell them the cultural stories behind.
My second student is Elaine.
The first time I met her, my teacher told me that she is from Singapore, and I was ready to talk with her in English, but I did not expect that her Chinese is so good.
She can even make jokes in Chinese with her colleagues, which made me relaxed but also eager to know her.
She is the chief editor of the only bilingual magazine in Ningbo - Ningbo Focus.
Her smile was elegant and friendly, with great sincerity.
She also got a beautiful Chinese name - Chen Fangyi, which suits her very well.
Communicating with her, I learned her Chinese study experience and found her good attitude and eagerness in learning.
Though she hasn't used Chinese for 29 years, she can pick it up and keep on learning.
Her No.
 tip for expatriates learning Chinese is to seize each opportunity in life to practice the language, making full use of the native speaking environment.
Indeed, I appreciate her Chinese learning experience and feel inspired by her.
Standing at the threshold of 2012, I have decided to be one of the seven volunteers of Ningbo who are going to teach Chinese in Australia while studying for a postgraduate degree.
For my part, this program not only means a new start in my life, but also a special experience.
I do believe I can learn a lot from this and I am prepared for the challenge.
To be a real Chinese, to spread Chinese culture to the world is my great honor.
I'm very glad to hear from you.Now that you want to know something about Spring Festival ,I'll introduce it to you.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.It's a symbol of traditional Chinese culture and can not be replaced by anything.Before Spring Festival,people clean their house carefully to sweep away all the bad luck in the last year and hope for good luck in the coming new year.Also they decorate the house with red,such as couplet and so on.fresh meat and vegetables can't be absent,as well as beautiful new clothes.During Spring Festival,all the family get together,enjoy delicious food and watch TV.At Midnight,they eat traditional Chinese food called jiao zi.
While ,they go outdoor to set out fireworks and firecracker.All that is to hope for good luck.
One day, when Walker was looking into the mirror, she fond that her was losing hair.
and she was very worried about it.
So she rushed into the store quickly in order to buy some medicines.
In the next month, Miss walker spent a large amount of money in buying medicine.
Then she tried all of them.
But this had no any effect.
One night, she had a very special dream.
In her dream, a man showed her some plants and told her that they could help her with her hair.
On the next morning, Walker washed her hair with the jiuce of the plants.
SHe kept on doing this and her hair grew faster.
Then she sold the product to others then she became a rich woman.
As compared with cars, bicycles have unique advantages for the Chinese people.
As everyone knows that bicycles are very cheap while cars are too expensive for people to buy them.
With the increasing price of the gas, people spend more and more money on it.
In my opinion, by and large, it is convenient for people to go to work by bicycle by virtue of lack of traffic jams.
It is undeniable that the speed of cars are far faster than bicycles.
Usually, there is traffic jam caused by cars in the morning.
It affects the travel of people.
From another perspective, pollution is a heated issue in modern society.
It is commonly believed that bicycles are green machines.
They are almost harmless to the surrounding environment.
On the contrary, exhaust of cars contaminate the surrounding environment.
The chinese people should be banned smoking?As far as I am concerned about the answer is"yes".
First,for most china's smokers,they depend on the cigarette and addictive,but as we all know, smoking is harmful to health,especially second-hand smoke,so smoking should be banned in china.
Next,because the youth is the future of china, smoking can damage the health of teenage,make them depressed, effects of their development.So young people should be allowed to smoke in china.
Last but not least,the air is polluted by smoke,and so on,therefore,in order to improve the environment,we should smoking be banned in china.
As all with us know there is a trend of college students to do a part-time job during our spare time.However,not all of us agree with it.A heated discussion,about its advantages and disadvantages,is carrying out.
On the one hand,some people agree to take a part-time job.They think there are many advantages.First, we must know the advantages of ourselves before finding a job.It may be a good chance for us to know ourselves and take good advantage of it.Second,we have to find some information about the job which we will do by using all kinds of ways.To be honest,it's also another way to study.In the process,we may recognise a deal of information and lots of people,which is good for us to know the outside world and learn many things we can't learn at school.What's more,it's also a good way for us college students to reduce the burden of parents.As an adult,we have the responsibility to do that.The most important thing is that we can be more independent and hardworking after work.
However,on the other hand, a group of people disagree with it.The reason is that they think as a student the task and purpose is study.If college students taking a part-time job,there may be less time of us to study.Today,we are under the pressure.If we don't have the professional skills,we may lose the competition.In addition,another disadvantage is that some people use the eager that many college students want to make money to expose the false information.And many students are addicted to it.How terrible it is!
In conclusion,there are advantages and disadvantages of college students doing a part-time job.In my opinion,only we take control of the degree and handle the time properly,can we get the benefit from it.As college students we should do a part-time job as well as study hard to make us stronger!
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.I think my life will be wonderful in many years.I will be twenty years old.Maybe I will go universty.At university I will be more freedom and colorful than at high school.I will study very relaxed.I hope I will work in an article of clothing as a designer.I will enjoy my work and get along well with my pupil.I'll do a good job in whatever I do.In my free time,I'll start a desert store with my good friends.Of course,I will also do exercise in the future.On holidays,I'll travel around the world.In a word,my life will be wonderful.
No experience is more valuable than cultivating our ability during our growth.
In summer vacation.
I became a volunteer in championship.I did much work in the past days,such as,keeping clean of surrounding.It is very tired thing for me.Exhausted as I was during this thing,I still feel it was a worthy and wealthy experience throughout our life,which definitely shows that only when I have a clean and comfortable environment can our society keep in harmony.Accordingly,let's treat nature the way do to ourselves,which is of great benefit both in the short term and long term.And a series of tasks were so needed to be taken into practice that we spare no effort to do them.
As soon,the championship is over.Though time passing quickly,soon came the moment for end,we still immersed in the wonderful atmosphere.I couldn't help but shed tears.
My school is beautiful.
Look, there are thirty three classrooms in my school.
My classroom is on the fourth floor.
There are forty one students in my classroom.
Our English teacher'office is on the third floor, he is cool.
My Math teacher'office is on the third floor too, we are all afraid of him.
Our Chinese teacher'office is on the fourth floor, she is very beautiful.
There is a library on the first floor.
There is a very big runway in the playground.
There is a fencing room on the second floor.
It's memorable what's happened during my life.He is one of my friends,He is a hard-work man,We are a neighborhood.
When he was children,his father was died of Gastric cancer.Since that moment he is still live in Single-parent families.The burden of family was pressured on his mother shoulder.As the age growth,In order to share his mother pressure,he have to work after school.So you can image how difficult to him at that time.
But you never hear any explain to him.
I still remember what's he did for me.That a sunny day,I spend time with my tea-mates to play football on the ground.I don't know what's happened to me,I just fell unbearable pain.My ankle was injured.I am laying and moaning.At the first time,he was running to me and give me his hands.and then he was riding his bicycle and get me to hospital.I have to be in hospital.He always did his Everyday things.But he has a little change.Just as this change,I know what's pure friendships.After his working,he often go to hospital to visit me,and told me some interesting things still I recovery.
Now,He came true his dream.and studied in university which He wants to.Thanks him to make me fell pure friendships.And told us wherever you go,however you do,whatever you wants ,Keep in mind,Never give up.
We had a discussion in our English lesson this week.
In the discussion, 40%of us thought that we should keep animals in zoos so that we can see and know more about different animals.
What's more, the animals in zoos are safe.
They can be taken good care of in zoos.
The rest 60% students thought that it was much better to keep animals in the wild.
Nature is animals' home.
They prefer living in the wild to living in the cages.
Animals can't have a free life and do what they like in the cages.
I think that animals shouldn't be kept in zoos.
Living in zoos may change their living habits.
Most importantly, living in the wild can exercise their living skills so that they can grow strong.
In order to keep animals alive, we should protect their home such as forests and prairies.
As is known to all ,a good organization need a good leader ,so i want to take part in this election to get the duty of student union chairman .
if l am elected the student union chairman ,first of all ,l will make our students' life become much more colourful to rank my brain .in addition , study is the most important thing to us ,which can expand our horizons , so l will take some usefull meatures to improve our study .
finally ,l will upgrate our school's profile in order to let other person know our school better .
MY success your success ,believe it or not ,l can make everything inpossible become possible .
My experience in China is very wonderful!I get a couple of kind friends and everything goes well.I always talk with my Chinese partners about the study and almost everything about China.We also go to play sports for several times together.
The visit to the famous places of historic interest and scenic beauty of Beijing is unforgettable and by watching tne Peking Opera I learn mang things about the Chinese history.What is more, I enjoy many delicious Chinese as well.For example,the dumplings!
During the Spring Festival,I eat the dumplings which is made on my own!a sence of achievement!The life there is so exciting that I am very fond of it.
I will come back soon.Best Wishes!
It is important to read on our life.How to read?This promblem have disscussed in thos year.Someone thinks that people should select to read books.Their say that people have limited energy,but inthe word books is lot of.So people should selet useful books for ourself.
However,someone thinks that people should read exentensively.Their say that now is era of informations.we must learn large informantions by reading.Thus,we should read exentensively.
In my opinoin,we not only read selectively but also read extensively.In era of informations,we should read extensively to improve ourself.But,the first we should select good books to read extensively.We should reject bad books.
Everyone would expect his teacher to be proficient in the career, well-known for his research, easy-going as a friend and enthusiastic to the life.
So would I, while I also believe a teacher should be a guider of the student's knowledge learning and self-improving.
As to teaching methods, my idea is that a fine teacher should never do the performance all by oneself.
Instead of letting the students be knowledge acceptors, he would motivate the students to do the material reading, to make some realization out of the theoretical results which can be shown later during the presentation of one's work.
Teaching students how to learn by oneself is always a goal of a teacher and it is definitely no easy job.
As well as being concerned about the students' learning, a good teacher should also be aware of the mentally growing of them.
Students are more willing to be treated as friends and cooperators than to be treated as kids.
Showing respect to the opinions of the young before criticizing their immaturity is more likely to be accepted.
Doing some homework is necessary to the consolidation of learning from the books.
The choice of homework content is a hard problem in which difficulty and amount must be considered.
It is practically almost impossible to become an ideal teacher.
Every teacher has his or her own standards of doing the job.
Students should respect their work and try to be a good learner.
After all, efforts from the both sides of the cooperation will often result in excellent achievements.
Symptoms like feeling dizzy, lacking in strength, having bad sleep,inappetency and so on,will be recognised as the anxiety.In order to help to solve this problem ,here are some advice that I will provide to you.
First of all,making appropriate progress for revision is a good option to make full use of time.What's more,I advise working and resting in proper time,only by which can you keep in good health to the exam.
Besides, if having a bath or a glass of hot milk before at night,you will fully relieve stress during the sleep.Also,it is important to strike the blance between study and entertainment.
Through all the advice,I wish you can acquire help to reduce anxiety.
Nowadays,there are a wide range of attractive and creative activities for in our school for us to choose.
As for me, I participate in the sports club and the spoken English club, which I have taken a fancy to.
Taking part in sports meetings and watching English films are the activities which I frequently participate on.
Taking part in these activities influenced me deeply.
As a result, I become more enthusiastic and more kind to everyone I know.
And I also have some suggestions for you.
Firstly, your interest is the most important criterion while making your choice, so follow your heart.
Secondly, you will have to spend time on participating on the activities, but remember:study is what you should put it in the first place, do what you are able to do.
I hope you can take an active part in picking and joining your favourite club after reading my article.
According to the research,students like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people.At the same time,what they like least is that other people can reach them.They made me confused.I like both of the mobile devices.
Firstly,the mobile devices made our life more convenient.When we are thirsty for reaching someone,they solved the problem.So,we really like the mobile devices that we can reach others.Secondly,I think I can understand the students who do not like the mobile devices that others can reach them.Owing to they are teenagers,they are in a special period.Maybe they just look forward to having their own space so that no one can disturb them.
But parents will be very anxious if they can not reach thier children.On the other side,your families and friends' call will make your heart warm when you are upset.You will like the mobile device that others can reach you very much.
As far as I am concerned,mobile devices made our life easier.Whether the service that we can reach others or others can reach us.Not only should we use it to have fun but also using it in correct ways.
Studentes are always looking forward to summer vacation.They consider summer vacation as the time of the year during which relaxing and having fun is the theme.Whensummer acatio actually arrives ,however ,I don't tinkstudents will discover it as fun at all.Although it's true than shool is done by the time of summer vacation,but the student are not free at all:lessons of various skills and activities have filled their day and mountains of homework has buied their desktop.Even if some lucky one's managed to escape from those prisons,they are still troubled with the problem of how to spend their time,for there aren't many friend available to play with.As aresult,while students are occupied with works they never wished for,diminished is the joy of chidhood.
You can have a high IQ and a high EQ,which,of course is a winning combination,or be high in one and low in the other.
For instance,some people exceedingly trust that IQ is what successful people should possess.It can be easily proved that the one with high IQ can be open to new theories and really catch the fresh ideas.Still that can bring a well-paid job opportunity to them.
On the contrary,some others disagree.They believe that those with high EQs can balances feelings with reason,logic and reality.Thanks to it,they are more likely to be intrinsically motivated but not motivated by power,wealth,status,prestige or approval.
On the whole,as far as I'm concerned,we can put IQ and EQ at the same place.As these people with high EQ run up against to a technical problem,they get the answer right away,since they built up networks of people before they needed them.However,others with high IQ may tackle the problems on their own.In accordance with this,if you have both high IQ and high EQ,you can be pretty competitive in present society.
Last week, I went to Mount Yunmen.
It was early morning and it was raining.
Yunmeng is located in Qingzhou of shandong province.The most famous'*' word.
Is about 7.5metres high and 3.7metres wide.
There is fresh air.
There are many kinds of trees and lots of birds.
We have a picnic and take some photos.
Last I felt very very good.
Mount Yunmen is a good place.I love the Yunmen mountain.
Make people happy.
for us.Although we fail in the study or life, we can not give up,because we always believe "failure is the mother of success" In my opinion, we had better take an active part in the school .there is no doubt that those are good for our study and life.
Fially I wish our students all the best.
With the rapid increase of private cars,there are many cities confronting with traffic jams.
In order to improve our traffic condition, some people suggest that a limit should be put on the number of private cars.But I don't agree with it ,I don't think it is a wise method to solve the traffic jams.
The reason is that the public transportation condition is poor and the efficiency is low.So more people would rather spend amount of money to buy cars rather than take the cheap public transportation.
The private car not only comfortable but also have high efficiency.
It is also convenient for them to everywhere that they wanted to visit.
Secondly, It was reported that recently car sales has reached a historic peak.
Almost every family has its own car in many cities.So I think it is no point limiting the number of private cars.
What's more ,there are increasingly more and more people being customed to driving private cars, and the private cars indeed have its own advantages.If we put limit on the number of private cars.Then,our society will be in a mess, more complaints and grievances will appear.
All in all, it's far from a good solution to put a limit on private cars for traffic jams .On the contrary, public transportation should be given a strategic position in the city's sustainable development planning so as to reduce private car us and ultimately relieve the city's traffic jams.
There are many animals in the world, such as tigers, cats , dogs and so on.
They are all very helpful .
My favourite animal is a white dog.
Its name is Boby.
It is fat but it's very lovely.
It has four legs .
It likes eating meat very much.
I often play with it after school.
It can bring happiness to me.
animals are people's friends.
We should love them and protect them.
Air pollution has become a serious problem in recent years.
The region has been seriously polluted by harmful smog.
Our economy is developing very quickly, more and more factories are built.
At the same time the factories make more harmful smog.
Obviously in order to saving money, they don't purify the smog.
Now scientists are finding ways to stop air pollution.
A task of top priority is that some measures should be taken to fight air pollution.
First of all the government should order some small and polluted factories close down.
In addition we should request some factories to modernize their equipment to reduce the harmful smog.
Secondly, some essential factories, such as electric power factories and starch factories, should move out of the region.
Thirdly forest is very important to our Eco-system.
We have cut down many trees, it does have side effect on the quality of air.
The tree can adjust and purify air.
Only in this way planting more trees, can we solve air pollution easily.
I think people are very happy with the measures taken by the government.
Dealing with air pollution is imperative.
Although it is a hard work, in order to seeing blue sky again, we can reach our common goal.
With the development of society,the internet is very popular with our communication.
Apparently,internet brings great convenience to our communication.Iong long ago,there was not internet in our life,people only could write letters and flying pigeon signalling to communicate.Obviously,this way is very slowly.It cost the much time.But the internet can solve the problem.
On the one hand,the internet is vital,it can let family members,friends and classmates to communication more in the way.This way is not limited by time.So it is popular with our life,and people like it very much.People can spend time in chatting with acquaintances through QQ or MSN.I think it is convenient and quick.One the other hand,it has the bad side.Unfortunately,if we let this trend to continue as it is,the interpersonal relationship will definitely become alienated or indifferent.
The impact of the internet on interpersonal communication has the good way and the bad way.In my opinion,everyone should make good use of the internet.I hope the internet can give us good impact in our communication.
Nowadays, cellphone is widely used in student.
there is a widespread concern over whether students should bring their phone to the classroom.
In reality there are both advantages and disadvantages.
Some people who support using in classroom believe that the phone is widespread use.
Parents will worry about children playing cellphones can not be at ease learning.
There is a lot of temptation in modern network society.
If the phone into the classroom does not affect learning it is also never mind.
Time is progress, social development, cellphone has become the most convenient and fastest modern electronic tools.
As the result of social scientific and technological progress, everyone has the right and use to enjoy.
Just as a popular saying goes that every coin has two sides.
Many students are not allowed to bring phones into the classroom, and many students can not keep themselves will affect their learning.
There is a lot of bad information online, defiled the mind.
As far as I'am concerned, learning time is full, the students are not many chances to call or receive a cellphone.
Moreover, the students are really the phone as a learning tool rarely.
Perhaps most for college is the tendency of security, which is obvious in dormitory security.
In recent few years, there is a sharp increase in stealing on dormitory and burglaries, in reality, not only has a university happen this case, but also quite a few universities to occur.
It's very unfavourable for university students to study, even disturb student's life, Thereagainst, what should we do to reduce and eliminate this kind of crime.
As far as I am concerned, only when both students and universities all go into action can we enjoy college life at ease.
For one thing, students should put their costly goods in secret position or put them in drawer and fix a lock, it is high that students did not tell other people your money or goods where they are.
Also students should strengthen prevention awareness, the most important thing is that students must guarantee the door and windows were locked especially who is live on the first floor when they leave dormitory or they plan to sleep.
If do this, they can reduce the risk of burglaries happening, at last, students should be friendly and well-informed with next dormitories, which can avoid and lessen to similar crime happening.
For another thing, there are several effective measures to universities, for example, universities should increase the number of university security staff to ensure dormitory or campus security.
Next, universities can install more mini-camcorders on campus anywhere, we must be prepared for all contingencies, if similar crime has happened, the mini-cancorders are the great use of the policeman crack a criminal case, In addition, the broken doors and windows should bs repaired in minimum time duration, the leader of universities also increase the campus security construction.
In summary, both students and universities should pay close attention to the problem of dormitory security and the steps mentioned above might be taken immediately.
Only in this way can we guarantee dormitory security and study as free as the air.
s just like bombs,which will be broken anytime.
Every incident have their own derivations.The reason why more and more people terrifying of the online Rumors is becoming more and more clearly.Now I have two main reasons to explain it.Firstly,people don not need to use their real names when they send messages in the internet.Secondly,which is the most important is that so many surfers read and spread messages don not by their hearts.
So how can we solve the problem is becoming an extremely urgency.As far as I am concerned,the first thing we should do is to make a effectively system to manage the cosmos on line.And then we can make some ADS in some main webs ,which people use so often or usually have Rumors.
Along the speaking,it is my personal view,maybe someone have better suggestions.
Nowadays,more and more people would prefer online shopping,which means that the buying and selling take place just through internet without going out.Although it has becomed more and more popular among people,we should also know about its advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand,online shopping has many merits.First,it can save our time and energy.With the computer,we can buy what we want anytime by a click of mouse without going to actual stores and hanging around by foot.Second,it is common knowledge that clothes,phones and so on are cheaper than those sold in physical stores,which is one of the main reasons that people like online shopping.Finally,online shopping provides uneducated students with a new way to earn money,who could open an online shop to sell something in free time.
On the other hand,it also has some demerits.Such as clothes,we can not try clothes but select them by pictures and sizes,which may cause us to buy unsuitable clothes and waste money.In addition,there is a variety of things online,some person may be addicted to online shopping and buy something out of control that is not needed .
All in all,every coin has two sides,what we should do is to make good use of online shopping and without being addicted to it.
This story was a love story between the Cowherd and the Girl Weaver.Long long ago,the Cowherd depended the cow on each other for survival.One day,the old cow asked for him to go to the forest and then he would see a beautiful girl who would marry with him.The Cowherd was gloomy,but he did.It happened like what the old cow said and they lived a happy life.But good times did not last long,the cow died after he told him the matter.Unfortunately,the Girl Weaver was caught by the Queen.The Cowherd in cowhide accompanied by their children was chasing the girl.When he was about to catch her,the Queen used a hairpin to draw a line which made them apart from each other.Both of them struggled and cried.Because of their touching behaviour,the Queen agreed with them to meet each other in just one day.The day is the seventh evening of the seventh moon.
I'm writing to tell you something about our school's English newspaper.
The newspaper is named by "Foreign Cultures" and is aimed at introducing different kinds of foreign cultures to the schoolmates.
And the topic of this month is connected with American festival customs as well as the school life in US.
As far as I know you live in America for a long time and we are good friends, therefore I wish you can writing a paragraph for our school newspaper.
The content should be relevant to the manners of American festival for instance, what do most people do on Thanksgiving Day or on Christmas, how do the majority of Americans celebrate those festivals.
School life like the schedule as well as the way you studying also should be included.
The article should be made up of around 400 words.
Please send me the article by e-mail before June the 28th.
I'm really happy to writing to you and hope you can write back to me as soon as possible.
I'm here waiting for your letter.
I'm LiHua.
I took part in a language learning summer camp in the USA last year.
I had met you.
In this year,my school-The affiliated high school of NanKai University hold a similar camp.
The camp in last year is very interesting,It's really a good chance to improve my English.
I had a lot of fan.
In this camp,we have a number of special activities,for example:The arrange the city tour activities,experience the Chinese family life and so on.
In my opinion,you are my one of best friends,I hope you can come.
Look forward to hearing from you.
Currently, with the dissemination of digital equipment, music, as a huge commercial enterprise in the world, has become a prominent part of most adolescents.
Due to the worthless effect and time wasting to teenagers, parents would disturb and even forbid their children from listening to music during the time of study.
Thus I will list some reasons why teenagers cannot live without listening to music.
Because the topic of most songs is about romantic experience or exciting objects, many adolecents can find the common points from them and wonder how similar their own life is.
The second reason might be the teenagers' social ability.
According to the lastest reports, it is said most teenagers nowadays are facing the issue of deficiency at social ability.
they do not want to go outsides to interact with others so they choose to listen music and watch TV shows at home.
Nevertheless, they all ignored their problems would be exacerbated.
In conclusion, i deem music can nourish aewsthetic emotion, however if we spend too much time on this, we wil miss a lot of things which are more wonderful in our life.
My life in the future will be colorful.
I'm going to be a good doctor after Igraduate from the univrsity.I believe I'll bring my parents health and happiness.In my spare time.I'll stay with my family.We'll tralel a lot and a lots of sports.I'll also read as many books as I can for I want to improve my self.Even if I work,I will never give up studing.
It is obvious that everyone has a wonderful father.As far as I am concerned,my father is so powerful that I can depend on him forever.
To start with,my father looks like a visual aids.In my childhood,when I fell down,it was his responsibility to pull me up.However,he pretended to be falling down,and standarded up by himself.With his encouragement,I standed up personally.What's more,my father is also my teacher.He strikes as me a master.When I was behind in others,I am awful.He helped me instead of criticizing me.So that I made big progress.Sometimes,when I abounded myself to entertainment,he would be strict with me.He gave me insights into convenience.Evevtually,only depending on my father can I grow up quickly.Following him,I never get behind.Faced with difficulties,I never say no.I am excessively confident to overcome difficulties.
In a word,my father fills me with life.I admire my father and depend on him forever.
Today I would like to begin with a story.
It was a sunny day .The road was packed with people, hurrying to work.
Mr. Wang, a bus driver, was driving among the traffic at the rush hour on the streets of Da Lian.
Suddenly he felt a sharp pain in the centre of his chest and he was short of breath.
Trembling, he pulled the bus off the road, opened the door to ensure the passengers could get off safely, and then he struggled to kill the engine.
With his hands staying clenched around the steering wheel, he was found dead, painfully but peacefully.
It's a moving story, really, really touching.
But now, I am sure, my dear listeners and I are feeling more than touched.
Or rather, we are shocked.
We can't imagine what would have happened if the bus had been out of control.
Nothing but a sense of social responsibility might account for his behavior.
Yes, it is social responsibility; nothing else could have made it.
History knows a lot of cases that an organization or individual act to benefit society at large.
It is social responsibility that motivated Confucious to travel from state to state to spread his new doctrines.
It is social responsibility that made professor Qian Xuesheng return to the motherland regardless of the heavy price.
It is social responsibility that drove donors home and abroad to give generously after Wenchuan earthquake.
It is social responsibility that enabled the Hope Primary Schools to spring up like mushrooms.
Social responsibility is a historic topic.
It is morally binding on everyone to act in such a way that the people immediately around them are not adversely affected.
It is a commitment everyone has towards the society -- contributing to social, cultural and ecological causes.
We are social people and everyone is relative.
Lack of social responsibility may give rise to great disasters.
Without social responsibility, Hitler launched the Second World War, leaving the whole world in hot water for six years.
Without social responsibility, San Lu corporation produced melamine-tainted milk, having sickened more than 50,000 Chinese children and led to the deaths of many babies.
Without social responsibility, people take on deforestation, putting the conditions of human existence under threat.
Just as the bird can't do without wing and the earth can't do without the sun, so people can't do without social responsibility.
Social responsibility is an anchor back there in the sea, without which the world will be like a rough sea, out of control.
That's all.
Thank you.
Thank you for your attention.
With development of techonology, a new shopping way appeared-shopping online.
And it bocome more and more popular,and a symble of fashion.
There are many advantages of shopping online.First,shopping online is very convenience,you can shop in your home or office rather than shop in the mall.Second,shopping online is much cheaper,because the shops in the internet do not need to pay taxes.Besides these, online goods are varied, the customer has more choice.
There are also some disadvantages,such as unbefitting size,difference of color and so on.Last winner,I bought a coat from the internet,but the coat is too big for me,so I have to post it back,and I need to pay the postage again, it does not make sence.
In general,there are both advantage and disadvantage of shopping online.
You should be careful choice.
And sometimes you can take some measures.For example if you want to buy clothes,you can try on in the shop and buy clothes from the internet,haha.
My name is X and my hero is my father.
In my heart he is omnipotent kind and helpful.
Although he is not famous but he loves his work and family.
For the most part he is very busy with his work,but he can help me with my homework.
He is strict with my habit, but I believe that he loves me.
Over the weekends he not only communicates with me, but also plays with me.
When I am sad he always cheers me up and takes a joke made me laugh.
Dad is very common but in my heart he is great so I love him very much.
Our Chinese has a traditional festival,the Spring Festival.Every family member should come back to have the reunion dinner on the Lunar New Year Eve.This reunion dinner is not only a dinner to celebrate the coming year,but also means the concern to the family and parents.It's essential to our Chinese.
But the single-child couples have difficult deciding which side they should go,they can only go to the husband's family or the wife's family.Both of their parents only have one child and will be very lonely and disappointed if they don't go back.And the best way maybe is to invite their parents to their house together.
The single-child couples not only have trouble in choosing go to whose family,but also have the problem in many other aspects,such as supporting their parents.Each single-child couple have to support four adults and the pressure will be heavier with time goes by.It's totally different from the last generation.I think the government ought to pay more attention to the old persons' supporting.And make some improvements in the Single-child Policy.
An important idea of the definition of university is the notion of academic freedom,so I think university students should go to classes freely rather than be required to attend class,my reasons are as follows,first,everyone has their own characters;besides,everyone has right to choose;what's more,they can use their time to do whatever they like,therefore,i think we should enjoy the chance to go to classes freely.
First of all,every has their own characters.every is unique,they have different interests,for instance,some students like math while some students like English,why don't we force them to do what they dislike,maybe they all have a gift in different areas,and have a chance to be a "super" man,but perhaps they're ruined by the traditional system of testing.
Secondly,everyone has right to choose.as a single person,not all in the world we like,we accept something just because we are forced to;however,from our bottom of hearts,in other words,we would like to say"no" for something.for our students,do you really think we're willing to attend classes every day,i believe most of us are able to choose to do whatever they like even if trouble filling with roads.
Finally,they can use their time to do whatever they like.taking the classes they don't like is a painful thing,besides,it is not the only way to know much more knowledge,for example,traving all around the world can learn something useful we cannot learn from the textbooks.for example,as explorers,they are supposed to step out in order to find out the answers of mysteries.
As far as I am concerned,i am in favor of going to classes freely,only in this way can we be happy,choose for ourselves,do whatever we like.
The day will live in my mind forever.
Last Sunday I had a wonderful party with my friends.
It's really a cool weather and it's a good chance to go out, so I went out with my best friends, we all wanted to have a lot of fun, because of this, we went to the Wan Da store by bus, and I took some money.
First we got to the shopping center, we all felt very relaxing, because we saw many kinds of clothes, appliance and my friends bought lots of interesting things for her cats.
After we going to shopping, we ate some delicious food and some other good drink beverages, we were all very happy to have fun here, after several hours, we felt a little bit tired, so we get to one of my friends home by bus.
To alleviate tired so we watched a movie on computer.
The story was very fantastic and dramatic.
I like the actress very much.
Finally we play with my friend's cats and they are cute and their moving are very quickly.
Until the night falls I left from my friends home.
That day was really a memorable day, I will not forget the day forever.
We have organised an activity.Our activity aims is to get close to the nature and take exercise.It is beneficial for people to work on the sun.
We will get together at the school gate at 1:30.We will start at 8:00 and end at 11:00.It lasts 3 hours.
We will plant vegetables and water flowers.It is essential for envorionment to plant green plants.
I wish you can join us.
Recent years, a new form of TV program, TV talent show, become more and more popular.
Nowadays, many ordinary people want to show themselves to achieve their aims like being famous, earning money and so on.
What's more, a great amount of TV viewers like to watch programs concern the daily life which they can find their class in.
To cater to the viewers, television stations release the talent show to the market and improve the TV rating at the same time.
In my own eyes, the TV talent show really provides an opportunity to success for the ordinary people.
But there are some shows of low quality on TV.
A number of people want to become successful by studying some unusual skills to perform in public in such a TV talent show take the place of being hard-work.
Although this kind of program can attract many people, the promotion space is relatively large.
The TV stations can do more to make further improvement on many areas.
Shangai is one of the biggest city in the world.It is big modern.In China,all of people in city,country knows Shanghai.A lot of foreigners from every parts of the world are going to visit and live here.
The Oriental Pearl TV Tower and Sanghai Centre.But before 300 years.
Shanghai is just a small village for fishing.Just have 100 people.Shanghai haven't got high building and doesn't have foreigner.Pudong is just a big farm.No body knows Shanghai.
Until to 1940,Shanghai is knew by foreigner.Then SHanghai changed.People built the bund.And built the Jin Mao Tower.
China changes powerful.
Shanghai held EXPO in 2010.Shanghai become a big,nice and morden city.Shanghai turns very big and interesting.Shanghai's JDP is the higest in China.
As far as we know ,there were many kinds of accidents about food safety .For example ,the little baby who drinks milk power are harmful ,such as sanlu ,mengniu ,yashili ,yili ect .They are detrimental.
Development is increasing faster ,although fast food is convenient and delicious , if you eat too much it will be bad for your body .You had better have meal at home because it is healthy .We should have balanced diet and have meal on time .
I think China must be strict with food ,ban the unqualified food .We should protect ourselves and had better eat fast food as little as possible .After all ,food is the first necessity of the people .
As we all know, with the development of the electronic, television has made an essential role in our daily life and we can't live without it.
However, every coin has two sides.As time goes by, people begin to pay attention to the effect of television.
The advantages of television are rich and colorful.First of all,in accordance with the television, we could have an opportunity to see the vivid world and attractions,which helps us enjoy the beautiful scenery in the places of interest.
Besides,by means of watching TV,we can widen our view and get the different kinds of information we need.
What's more, television also plays an educational role in our lives.
It is quite helpful for us to teach our children some knowledge using the television.
Nevertheless, we should never forget that television also has many disadvantages too.
As everyone knows, watching television too much may affect our eyesight,which seems to be a serious problem.At the same time, some bad behaviors which show on television can make a bad modest to the teenagers.
All in a word, we should be aware of the fact that television has its advantages and disadvantages.
What we can do is to let television play a positive role all the time.
My name is Jimmy.
I live in a happy family with my handsome dad and my patient mum.
I love my parents very much.
In our family,we have different housework to do by ourselves.
I'd like to help my parents to do housework.
My mother often cooks meals and washes the clothes.
My father was washing the dishes while I was ironing the shirts.
In addition,my father offers to clean the kitchen and I am interested in sweeping the floor.
We are close to each other so we have many interesting activities.
At the weekend,we always have a good time.
Sometimes,we have a picnic at park and take pictures together.
But I like going shopping with my mother more than others.
Because after going shopping at the supermarket,we will cook the delicious meals .
I am happy with the activities.
Our life is full of happiness.
I'm so happy that I can be born at this family.
Global warming, the gradual increase of the temperature of the earth's lower atmosphere as a result of the increase in greenhouse gases since the Industrial Revolution.
The temperature of the atmosphere near the earth's surface is warmed.
During the past century, the atmospheric temperature has risen 1.1 F (0.6 C), and sea level has risen several inches.
Some projected, longer-term results of global warming include melting of polar ice, with a resulting rise in sea level and coastal flooding; disruption of drinking water supplies dependent on snow melts.
Keeping to the speed limit can help the environment.
The more you speed the more petrol you are going to use, making the pollution higher.
Also, SUV's make about six times their own weight in CO2 each year.
A small efficient diesel car covering the same distance not only uses much less fuel; it makes two thirds less.
If possible use solar energy, after all it is free and clear; all you need to buy is the equipments.
You can get many of your hot water and heating from the sun and even generate electricity.
Reduce, reuse and recycle.
Only buy what you need; don't stock the cupboards with things you may or may not use.
Reuse whatever you can, like containers and paper, and recycle what you cannot reuse.
It really is as simple as that.
Finally turning off unused sources of power such as televisions and heaters will help the environment, as well as save you money.
If everybody stuck to these rules, we would be doing a great thing by protecting the earth.
So we can use these methos to solve the global warming .
And we must have a long term vision .As result this can bring us a beautiful future and benefit to our children.
As is show in the picture,we can see clearly the feeling of people for the internet rumor ,they are scared and hate.
They is escaping when the man is talking things named internet rumor.
Nowadays with the increase of netizen ,the internet become more and more important .So, the safety of information must become more and more genuine.Sometimes,more people use the internet spread false information, to seek illegal benefits.Because of this ,more people get much loss.such as money and spirit.
According to this situation,I think we should take measures to change this internet rumor.First ,The government and the public security departments should increase the strength of management.Second,wedsites should stop illegal dissemination of information,and propaganda network safety consciousness.Finally,people must learn how to listen to information.So that ,we will face more wonderfui and clear internet.
Children are parents' wealth.When young person have kids,become fathers or mothers,they definite love their children,and wish them healthy and intelligent.Furthermore,children are the hope and future for their parents.
Therefore,parents give concern and protect to children is a very normal thing.But there is a strange phenomenon that many people care for next generation more than the last generation,many elders live by themselves,although they have sons indeed grandchildren.
This phenomenon leads to negative consequences.First,the elders usually feel unhappy and lonely.
Second,there is very inconvenience when they have requirements.
Above of all,I think we should pay more attention to the elders.We can live with them or in the wings.It is necessary for us to communicate with them frequently.In a word,we should balance our love between the last and next generation.
I want to study English for different reasons,English is an international language.So I think we should study English hard.First,we can pass the exams very easy.Second,we can be concerned by the boss of the company.Third,we can communicate with the foreigners,so we can have opportunity to go aboard to study and development.I think if we study English well,our lives will be very beautiful.
Chinese government decide to ban to smoking in the public places on Jan. 1st, 2011 in China.
Their target is no smoking in the public places by sticking bills.
About 3.5 billions persons smoking in China while 75% are men others are women.
What's more, about 5.4 billions people are influenced by the second-hand smoking.
In addition to it, more than 100 millions persons die from the second-hand smoking a year.
So in order to show my love ,i am going to give help to every person who needs.Let's show our love to others.
It goes without saying that food plays an important role in our life.
