Secondly, we must have the ability of cultural integration.
To learn from foreign countries is entirely different from worshipping everything foreign.
We love pursuing fashion, but it doesn't mean western culture is a fashion leader or eastern culture is a fuddy-duddy.
In fact, the trend of our ancestors' wisdom essence is becoming welcome; therefore we should not shut out it but treasure.
Finally, most important, we must appreciate our own culture.
This kind of love is not blind.
Be proud of being a Chinese moreover introspection on ourselves at the proper time.
Actually, I don't think the globalization is not necessary for there is a big difference between every kinds of culture.
But seems the global village is a possibillity of future, what we can do is to hold fast our own mind of Chinese culture and carry forward it.
Never lose our direction in the globalization, as never forget our traditional culture.
l like play sprouts.So l have healthy body.
, First, you should eat move vegetabie and fruit.Do you remember the old saying in your country Anapple a day keeps the doctor away.there is lots of visamin C in both vegetables and fruit o second dong more exercise is necessory to keep healthy.In your free time.
you can go swiming and piay ball games,Exercise is always good fou you .
T Third,dont eat junk food most junk food tastes good.but it is ot good fou you,So youd better not eat it .
The desirable Gold Week vacation has elapsed,while what we have experienced during those days may not be as excellent as what we have expected.Therefore,some disappointed people argued that the holiday should be abolished,or,at least,be shortened.
As we know,the Gold Week vacation is mainly to celebrity our National Day,which is as long as seven days.Personally,it is a good chance to gather or to travel with our families ,while many people disappointedly found that it was so crowded when they were doing something they had planed.They got struck in traffic when they drove.Their feet could even touch others when they travelled with their families at some scenic spots.So,should the Gold Week,which was not so excited as what we expected, be cancelled?
In my view,the meaningful vacation should not be terminated,neither be cut down.It is a common sense,as everyone knows,that problems follow the appearance of good policies such as the establishing of legal festivals.Besides it is memorable meaning,Gold Week is a special opportunity,as we know,for the public,especially those who live apart from their families,to go home to see their children and their older parents,which can make our society more harmonious.As for the problems,the government can take other positive measures,such as establishing more legal festivals.
Now there is an increasing number of graduates that are willing to work in the countryside, it is no doubt that they can use what they have learned to solve the practical problems, and do some good to the countryside's economy.
We have to think over this problem.
With the development of high technology and the increasingly fierce social competition, graduates need more experience to rich themselves, and they are always faced with new opportunities and challenges, so some of them would rather work in the countryside, especially those have ambition to start their own business but family status is not that hopeful.
Except that, some of the graduates choose to work in the countryside because of their love to nature, the fresh air,clear water has attracted them so much, they want to be close to nature, so they are happy to work with the company of nature.
As far as I am concerned, graduates that work in the countryside do a lot of good, it will lead to a rapid development of economy in the rural areas, and the rapid development of economy in the countryside can narrow the gap between the urban and the rural, and promote the economic development of our country.
Besides, graduates can also popularize the advanced science and technology and use them into agriculture in order to increase production.
Hello, I am L. This Friday afternoon my parents and me are going to move our house.
As you know, moving is not a easy work, and I am afraid that I can't do the chores by myself, so I need your help.
I really hope you can come and help me out with these chores.
I have made a plan.
First, you can come to my house at noon, we can sweep the floor, clean up the living room, and take out the rubbish.
After that, we need to move the furnitures together.
It might be a bit tired, but I think we will be happy because of each other.
In the end, I'd like to invite you to go shopping with me, I want to buy some new clothes.
You can also buy something that you are interested.
I will be happy if you can come.
We will know some young people frequently chang their jobs that is general common phenomena.
Some young frequently chang their jobs is due to their attitude.Because of they have all kind of justification.On the one hand,they think their salary is low.On the other hand,they think their work hours is better long.Of course,there have many account.For example,their work environment ,they feel is unappreciated,their bad relationship with co-workers or their ability is limited,can't competent for the job and so on.
For those friends, I give my point of view.When you fell is unappreciated or ignored ,you need to do something meaningful things,.For example,seek opportunities,request more responsibility or new challenge.If you fell is a bad relationship and colleagues, the choice of the less contact, things look weak, do their work.If you feel ability is not enough, you will work hard to others for advice, to improve their ability.If you don't think salary job please be patient, steadfast dry well, ability have been improved, wages will rise .If you don't like current job please remember a word is "It is no use doing what you like;you have got to like what you do".If these measures are all can't change your attitude to the existing work, then you can try to change a job.
Last but not least,we should regard work as a pleasure, it will make us feel is in enjoy life rather than a kind of slavery.
Days ago I quarrelled with my mother.
with my friends.
camping at weekend and I will do my homework in the tomorrow.
of my friends warting me to go together and I quarrel with my mother.
with her.
and I appologise to my mother we shoud understand my parents.
Recently, the excessive use of packages has become quite a serious problem.Many products and items were sold with a pretty appearance but in a expensive price,which aroused people's complaint.
Reasons for this are varied.Firstly,because of the economic development,the products is become multiply,so items with a special appearance can attract a lot of interest and sell well,what's more,it makes a big profit for the company.For another,it depends on customer's psychology.Some people thought a pretty packaged means a high quality,but some people thought it wasn't practical to buy them.
However,every coin have two sides,so does it.As far as I was concerned,I figured that manufacturers and consumers are supposed to shoulder the responsibility for this problem.Everyone should build a correct customers'and environmental consciousness.only by bettering ways of buying and manufacturing,can we end up this problem and lead a environmental life.
Our class are going to Green Farm this Friday morning.
In order to have a fine day in farm, here's some attention that everyone should remember.
First of all, we should meet at school gate at seven o'clock so we can arrive at the farm on time.
We'll go to the Farm by a coach.
Everyone mustn't be late unless you have something wrong with your body.
If this kind of situation appears, you should talk to our head teacher.
Secondly, we are going to the Farm to experience the farmer's life.
We 'll not only picking up vegetables, but also water the plants.
The whole activity will last for two hours.
Everyone should pay attention in other one because there may some water puddles.
The Last thing is that I hope you all can work together happily.
We are on behalf of our school.
Thank you for your attention.
My house is in the city.
It is on the eighth flat.
My house has got three bedrooms.
This is a big badroom and two small badrooms.
My house is in a small badroom.
My house has got two bookcases.
Because is my book are very much.
My house is very beautiful.
Frankenstein is a film which was directed by Mel Brooks.
The three main characters are Gene Wilder, Peter Boyle and Marty Feldman.
Frankenstein is the name of a young scientist from Geneva, in Switzerland He discovers the secret of how to create life.
Using bones from dead bodies.
He does it.
The creature is very large and strong, and is also extremely ugly, terrifies anyone who see it.
He learns how to speak and have human emotions.
He feels lonely and unhappy.
The monster asks Frankenstein he wants a wife.
Whencesoever he receive a cold stare and beat cruelly.
So he is crazy to revenge Frankenstein.
In this movie, I think it is very dark and scare.
It contains the philosophy of science and technology.
It's a great work in the wold movies.
If people can not have a good relationship with other they will feel afraid.
If there is no love, we can not live in this world.
Ideal is a level of idea.
Ideal has this definition in dictionaries that are an idea or standard that seems perfect and value trying to achieve or get.
People's views on ideals vary form person to person.
Some hold that ideals is very important foe us to live in the world.
Howere, others believe that ideals is unimportant.
Form my point of view, it is more reasonable to support the first opinion rather than the second.
there are several reasons why ideal is important for us to live.
First, when we have ideals, we have clear goals to fight for.
If life is like a sail , ideals is our compuss, with which we can find our best way to go .
If we have not ideals, we will get lost ourselves.
Just like Jhon Ruskin said , living without an aim is like sailing without a compuss.
Second , having ideals often make us work hard .
With great ideals, we will work hard to prepare ourselves for the potential opportunity.
If we have not ideals, we will hang out in the street and wast our life liking a race of zombies.
Third, ideals give us enthusiasm.
Having ideals, we can always be red-blooded and work as if we are never tired.
As we all known, the life of a person who have an ideal is always hot.
If we have not ideals, we will have not enthusiasm.
And doing anything like a automato .
In a word, ideal is the beacon .
Without ideal, there is on secuere direction .
With out direction, there is on life.
world.
So, from my point of view, I think we should treat the classics dialectically,we should not only stick to the thoughts and spirits from the classics with practical significance, but we should also venture into the unknown bravely to enrich our knowledge of the world and nature.
On the one hand, the classics are to be treasured by people of all generations, ours being no exception.
Just as what someone said, it is their values that make them to be the classics.
So there must be something pervasive to our world from that time to today.
For example, there are four ancient classics in Chinese literature, which is called "four classic".
We read and evaluate and reflect on it for many years, but the more frequently we gaze at it, we have more sober recognition of the great literary and artistic value of it.
So even when we now have infinite faith in atheism, we still like reading "Journey to the West".
On the other hand, as we are advancing towards the future, it is our responsibility to venture into the unknown and generate new understanding of man and nature.
We should continually develop the science and technology to improve the production efficiency and productivity, enhancing the ability to move into the unknown.
We should also know that today we still have many problems during our development process.
The best way to solve these problems is to explore the unknown and improve the ability to solve difficulties.
not abandon all the good and beneficial thoughts and spirits from the classics, on the contrary, we should draw strength from the classics to ensure a smooth and steady and secure road to the future.
In conclusion, we should treat the classics dialectically, we should not only stick to the thoughts and spirits from the classics with practical significance, but we should also venture into the unknown bravely to enrich our knowledge of the world and nature.
I am Wangtao who is a senior student.I want to show my opinions about the problem whether we should own the phone.
I think that the phone has its advantages.For example ,it's convenient for us to connect with our parents .What's more ,it also can increase our fun of the lives.
But everything has the two parts.So we should recognize that what are bad.The first of all,it will make the bad affection to our study.
The wrong behaviours will period between the teenagers.Taste the time and money to chat or send the message.Another ,playing games even the cheating and the other questions will be also into the sights of ours.
So how can we have the attitude about the phone ?I support "Three beliefs ".The first one is that we don't use the phone during the studying.Next ,don't use it to play games.Of course ,don't cheat too .The last suggestion is that the phones so expensive that we should protect them safely.
In a word ,please display its best effects with your best.And avoid the weakness.
My favourite teacher is my English teacher ,an enthusiastic woman called Mrs Yu.She is about forty years old,I suppose.She is my first teacher at senior high school.She always smiles but very strict with our study and that's why I respect her very much.
I was a shy girl and I didn't like answering the question at class.One day Mrs Yu asked a question and let someone to answer it.I lowered my head and thought about the answer on my own.To my surprise,Mrs Yu let me stand up and answered the question.I stood up slowly and got too nervous to say a word.But Mrs Yu just smiled and her kind smile made me relaxed and encourage.I breathed deeply and gave the answer to Mrs Yu.At that moment Mrs Yu became my favourite teacher,and the behavior of the other student shows that they like her too.
I believe that we will make great progress with Mrs Yu's help.
Nowadays,with the rapid development,people are becoming more and more wealthy.However,the standard of health is declining quickly.Especially the college students.Their constitutions are turning worse because of that most of the university students have a bad lifestyle.
What is the real health?The World Health Organization indicate that it is a state of complete physical,mental,and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.There are many elements affecting health,but the lifestyle is the most important aspect.A study found that more than 60 percent of students in university do not eat breakfast,only 20 percent of students go to bed before 11 o'clock..It is merely one person in three can do some exercise more than one hour.That lack of physical activity also affects the psychological well-being of an individual.I think that as a college student,we should keep a good lifestyle,such as have a good breakfast,sleep on time,wake up on time,and listen to the music you love when you travel to your work and so on.
In my opinion,the college students are our country's future.We should keep the health of physical and mental,and keep the optimistic attitude.Finally we will gain the real healthy.
When weekends come, everyone is happy about it, because they don't need to study hard and can do what they want.
Some students will choose to stay at dormitory and play computer all the time, and some will choose to go shopping.
For me, l'd like to go out.
I want to see the different things and refresh my mood.
I always make some plans for my weekend.
Sometimes I will ask my friends to go to watch the movies or we go out for the gourmet.
I like to see movie so much.
To watch the movie is like reading a book, and my mind will gain things and I will feel satisfied.
To eat the delicious food is the things I will do mostly, I like to find the new food, and ask my friends to enjoy it.
We will talk happily while eating the delicious food.
I am busying from Monday to Friday.
I don't have much time to take exercise, so I will go to play basketball with my friends on weekend.
Myroomate is a fan of football.Last Sunday,my roomate watched a football match on the Internet.He watched the game,while applauded his favourite team.I was going over my homework at that moment.But his voice and the match's voice sounded very great,so they affected me.I'm very angry,but I let him to turn down the voice.Finally,he took my advice and said "sorry" to me.I feit happy at last.
As we all know , modern biotechnology has brought human numerous benifits and the modified food is one of the achievements .
According to statistics , up to now , no less than 1.6 billion people have benefit from the modified food .
And what must be mentioned is our mother country China has developed BT Cotten and hybrid rice of Yuan Long ping .
However everything is both sides , especially technology , science technology is a double-edged sword .
Genetically modified food has its disadvantages , like some worry , because it will not change , will destroy genetic evlution , etc .
From my point of view the propaganda of people worry is understandable , after accepting a new thing take time .
But we also should see the benefits of them .
I think as time slowly past , genetically modified food will be accepted by people .
I would rather get up early in the morning and start the day's work than get up later in the morning and work until late at night.
The first reason should be that we will get more energy to start the day's work.We know that getting up earlier,we will breathe much more fresh air,therefore we will be absorbed in our day's work.The second reason is that if we get up earlier and start our day's work earlier,we will finish it earlier.Then we can have some entertainments during the extra daytime,such as doing exercises with friends,watching TV with parents,and so on.The final reason is that we can make the day's plan to work more efficiently.We get up earlier,then we can have more time to think about what we should do and how to do in the day.A good plan means that we will not waste our time in doing something aimlessly.
In the end,I'd like to say if we need a wonderful daytime,try your best to get up as early as you can.
During the past 3 to 4 years, American venture capital has started looking for investments in Europe.
The reasons are as below.
Firstly.American market has been already mature and exploited.
Secondly, In Europe, there are advanced research in new technology areas and environments favorable to private equity.
There are two different operational model used by American VCs.The first one is to open its business with a dedicated fund with partners responsible for the European operations.The second one is to open its business without a dedicated fund without partners responsible for the European operations.
The main focus of US venture capital in Europe are Semiconductor and microprocessors, IT and software, biotechnology and healthcare product, telecommunication and media.
Although there are many factors favorable to the American VC's development in Europe,some problems should be concerned.
Firstly,investors should consider regional opportunities, especially for early stage investors,given Europe's difference among different countries .
Secondly,setting up offices locally is paramount and doing business in Europe requires a deep understanding of cultures & habits of individual countries, so people understanding the cultural & business differences is needed.
Thirdly,European venture capital industry is small but steadily growing; The Americans should not underestimate their European colleagues.
What's more, The US venture capitalists can invest in young companies in high growth sector.
The obstacles lies in that the tolerance for risk taking is lower in Europe, the lacking of a big domestic market such as the US and the difficulty of becoming worldwide leader.
But we are optimistic that there will be impressive companies to be born in Europe.
are bulit.A lot of people live in the apartment which is full of equipment.We have a telephone in the house.We also buy colourful television,washing machine and fridge.The road get wide ,connecting the country to the city.We have new tractors,trucks and cars.The education level is very high.The goverment concentrates on the development of the urbanization.
Our country is changing.I miss you very much.Hopefully,you will come back one day.
Best wishes.
Nowadays, books are good companions in our lives which instantly open a new world to us.
Different people have different views on reading.
Some people hold that reading has been playing an extremely important role in learning and growth.
By reading, we can learn from different kinds of things and acquaintance various aspects of life.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us that motivates us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
When that happens, the world opens.
Everything becomes possible.
However, others contend that we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
Besides, they maintain that people's sense of social responsibility and practical skills can be improved through social practice.
They will eventually become psychologically mature.
All the mentioned above indicated that reading and practice as well as important.
As far as I am concerned, we perhaps combine both theory and practice.
On the one hand, we should focus on the books while reading.
On the other hand, we can acquire a lot from these books which either enrich our knowledge or perfect ourselves in character.
Therefore, it will provide a good foundation for our knowledge into society.
It is significant to combine the theory and practice.
However, just as a proverb puts it, every coin has two sides.
One thing we have to pay attention to is that social practice maybe occupies too much time so that it will be likely to collide with our learning time.
According to the analysis mentioned above, I argue with combining theory and practice will be better.
Nevertheless, we should participate in social practice as long as we can strike a balance the relationship between social practice and reading.
Christmas is on Dec. 25.
Every year the foreigners take fun on Christmas Day.
They eat dinner with family members.
Also some of them celebrate by giving gifts.
Cus we are Chinese, we don't celebrate Christmas.
I just know about Christmas on the Internet or on the TV.
I know that white, green and red are christmas color.
They also have the christmas santa.
The santa sends the gifts on Christmas Eve.
Kids can get the gift that they want.
So kids are all looking forward to Christmas.
Eating apples is a christmas customs, too.
The christmas just likes the spring Festival in China.
When I was a Junior high school student, we just have a party on Christmas Eve.
On Christmas Eve we watched a movie called War Horse.
We also had a secret santa.
I got a bear.
I am satisfied with present.
And my teacher gave an apple to each student.
We ate it on Christmas Eve.
On Christmas Day we went to the Happy Valley Amusement Park.
That was a cold day.
But we had fun in that day.
We had dinner in Pizza Hut.
We were happy on that day.
It was a wonderful day.
I couldn't forget.
I was arranged to practice at Erenhot this summer vocation.
At first, I was upset to go to practice because I'll have no time to go home and see my parents.
So I was not very active when we arrived at Erenhot.
But it changes with the time goes by.
Erenhot is a beautiful city.
I am advocated to a team named team 3 which protect the security of the country gate.
I am doing the task of guarding the compound, exam the train which through between Mongolia and Inner Mongolia.
It's a tough work.
Sometimes you should climb upon and check every corner makes sure that nothing illegal can be send to Mongolia.
This kind of work is boring, but it's a reflect of duty.
During the time of practice, I have learned a lot.
Marines taught me how to finish the job well and help me to understand the skill of action.
I can learn a lot from them not only on physical but also on mental-The way they working, the way they thinking.
That is precious experience for me in the future.
Meanwhile,I also gain friendship from them.
Though we should clean the canteen.room.road every day, I get solid.
This internship isn't very long, isn't very pleased, but it is the first time I contact with grassroots units, and I will remember it forever.
Thank you for your e-mail.I am expert at classical music.When I listen to the classical music at the first time,I like it soon.I think that pop music sounds noise.So I dislike it.A number of people think that study is more important than hobby.If we learn all the time,we will get boring with study.So I oftn do my favourte things when I feel tired.Our New Year Party is very amusing.There are a lot of activities and I sing a classical song in the New Year Party.I think that the party is successful.
Li Hua.
As the development of the modern technology, we people have gradually invented a new convenient way to purchase goods-online shopping.
Of course, every coin has two sides, it isn't an exception.
When it provides convenience for us, it also causes plenty of trouble for us to cope with meanwhile, thus revealing the negative sides of it.
So how do we make the best of the new shopping way has already become a puzzling issue.
To be frank, it actually offers convenience , however, we shall take care, because of the non-security factors in the course of the deal.
Although there is still a lot of problems in online shopping, I'm sure that it will eventually change the concept of everybody and become the major way of shopping at length.
As far as I'm concerned it has a promising prospect.
Due to the contribution it makes, our lifestyle may get much easier and happier.
Nevertheless if we want to really benefit from it, what we should do is that make a good use of it , correct reasonable and sensible.
Miss Susan Hobson,a very good secretary,who has been working in my office for two years.By the way,she is hard working,does well to her duties and is honest to treat others when she was working at our company.In addition,She is good at English and German,and her spoken language is very fluent.So I can make sure that she can be qualified for simple translation when she has communication with others.
The article is mainly about the current situation of and the way forward for American venture capital firms in European markets.
Firstly, the author listed the fact that an increasingly number of American venture capital and private equity firms had set up shop in Europe.
However, considering their own political, institutional and regional differences and different degrees of economic development, the author put forward that we cannot push the US style or we can say the Silicon Valley style in the European markets regardless of local practices and habits through some examples.
Secondly, the author made some suggestions for American venture capital firms.
As coming to the party late can have its advantages, the author suggested that the American venture capital firms should not be too rushing to enter into this market.
On the other hand, once you have entered the market, you should wait for the benefits and not leave too soon.
Lastly, the author pointed out the way forward for the American venture capital firms.
In according to their own competitive advantages and the obstacles in European markets, the American venture capital firms should find their own niches that will bring them huge benefits.
In the long run, the prospect was optimism.
Winter is coming in.
We will experience winter.
Because I come in from S that belongs to North of China, I like winter very much.
Before winter comes, the weather is cool, the tress and flowers go bad.
Our school also become dreary.
It makes people feel unhappy.
But I want to say, these beautiful things disappear, there are many other things come on.
For example, In winter, we can see snow, .And we can go skiting.
Time goes by, but we cannot stop it, so we should learn to adapt it.
Before winter comes, we should go to buy some cl-others to stop cold, and we should buy some medicine to drink when we have a fever, .Last, we can eat some fruit to improve our resistance.
A survey on going shopping on the Internet was carried out last month among the 1000 company members who are less than 35 years old, which indicated that about 64% people are willing to go shopping on the Internet while 36% disagree with it.
Some people hold the view that it convenient to buy whatever then like at home and select the cheapest and the best merchandise by the Internet.On the contrary,other people hold the oppsite opinion that they afraid of getting the fake or worrying about will be cheated.
As far as I am concerned,effective measures should be instantly taken to improve the standard of the Internet.There will more and more people prefer to go shopping on the Internet in the future.
In our everyday life opinions vary from person to person in a situation where we do a task which is asked to be done by individuals who want to do the task on their own.
In such a case I will sustain on whatever I think is right and I will try to persuade them.When copernicus found and worked out the heliocentric theory,many people couldn't believe,especially the church.In these people's doubts,copernicus didn't give up and work out the study.Finally,he successed and became more famous scissors.So I can't give up.To conclude, when we have a different opinion, believe yourself and expound your opinion.There is no need to hurt the feelings of those who have opposite opinions.
After all we are living in a harmonious society.
What my life will be like in the future?In ten years l'm 26 years by then,I will be having a big family with two cute childrens.A boy and a girl,boy named Jim and girl names Amy.This time in ten years,l will be working in translation.I will be living a big city with my family and will be living a happy life.I will also are teaching at school.This is my hobby,I have much time that did I like things.
Our school has a lot of places students like to hang out,such as playground,computer rooms.
Art room etc my favorite place is library.
In the library.
People know how to restrict the mselves,De haved more politely,And study your own subjects,I am used to hang out in the library after school, Because even l go home, I may not have the mood or condition to finish my homework, And it is a good place for you to meet some friends who have something in common.
we can share experience on study or other sub jects.
It is really good to have such a quiet place.
There are great difference between chinese and western wedding.
In the western, people usually hold the wedding in the church.
First the bridegroom should come into the church.
A short time later the bride's father will hold the bride go to the church.
Then the bride stands beside the bridegroom.
Later the priest will make a speech and the bride and bridegroom promise to cherish each other through disease and health.
Next the new couple will exchange the rings.
Finally they will have a sweet kiss.
This is the western wedding that I have known.
A greater leader remarked that well begun is half done.Teacher plays an important role in the student's life.
The relations between teachers and students are the core topic throughout human history.
Nowadays, the relationship between teachers and students has become a hotter issue.
From my point of view, the relationship between teachers and students just like friends.Here are two aspects.
First of all, if the communication of teacher and students just like friend's.I think it will be more convenient to exchange their thoughts and feelings.
What's more, it is better to have a deep discussion about the academic issues.
Secondly, this relationship can help them become friends and reduce their generation gap.
In addition, it can make an equals relationship and improve the self-confidence.
To sum up, if teacher and students can make friends with each other,they will find the joy of it.Thus, if we can get along well with teacher and make good friends with teachers,I think we will improve our learning environment and more effective learning.
A proverb says that lies down with dogs must rise up with fleas.
A good teacher can give us positive influence in our future.
Many people simply regard "Once More to the Lack" as a reminiscences, but in my opinion, this prose perfectly reflected the relation between the father and son at his time and gave people in his works vivid scene.
The author was amazed to find that the lack in Maine had never changed.
He said: suddenly it would be not I but my father who was saying the words or making the gesture.
It gave me a creepy sensation.
Over the years there had been this person with the cake of soap, this cultist, and here he was.
There had been no years.
Pattern of life indelible, the fade proof lake, the woods unshatterable, the pasture with the sweet fern and the juniper forever.
Through this story, it also evoked memories between my father and me.
People say that father's love likes a mountain: heavy and silent.
It's heavy because he puts all his love to us and it's silent because he does not know how to express.
Faced his love, we accept it silently without saying a word to show our appreciation.
Before I was going to senior school, my father had never said a word to show his love to me, so that I thought he did not love me very much and sometimes I was upset about it.
or something like that.
Gradually, I realize that he misses me although he would never say it out.
So this is father's love, not so obvious but definitely deep.
Father's love All say that love is great and selfless, in fact, fatherly love is express volumes.
A black and a white hair, a pair of one's eyes brimming with radiating vigour eyes, big nose is a lovely catfish mouth.
This is my ordinary father.
My father is a real redneck, usually not much words, silent as a mountain.
But the simple, honest, can not cover up the elegant temperament, he always pay attention to their words, in their own words and deeds to tell me the truth in life.
Once, my father took a wooden work, nor let the father on the door to do color pretty, red.
My father came home for dinner, thinking of this, watch TV and thinking about it.
Looked at his father's smiling eyes, my long time of taste of the beautiful words.
The lush mountain never abandon every blade of grass, a towering mountain never give up a stone.
My father is a mountain, he bit by bit and caress me grow up healthy, in my eyes, this mountain, more and more high.
Before I was going to senior school, my father had never said a word to show his love to me, so that I thought he did not love me very much and sometimes I was upset about it.
Or something like that.
Gradually, I realize that he misses me although he would never say it out.
So this is father's love, not so obvious but definitely deep.
It seemed to me, as I kept remembering all this, that those times had been infinitely precious and worth saving.
There had been jollity and peace and goodness.
Nowadays, more and more people want to make more money, and they tried various methods to make money, especially in business.
However, I think there are also many other more important factors which that influence ways businessmen behave.
First of all, businessmen are the same as other people, definitely need something else besides money like all of us does, such as families, friends and so on.
There is a famous case of a CEO of a big company, he earns a great amount of money from his business activity, however, he ended up hid life because of depression, he says that he feels lonely and worked all day long and have no friends.
Moreover, most of businessmen are not to make money, they just in order to achieve their dream.
There is no denying that Steve Jobs was an extraordinary businessman and an engineer at the same time.
The Apple Empire has helped him to create a huge amount of money and the Apple Inc. has been elected to be the most valuable incorporation for many years, while Jobs did not start his business for the purpose of making money but creating the fabulous and convenient computers for people.
Even if Jobs has dead for several years, global citizens would memorize him for his excellent achievement and his goals but not his money.
Finally, many businessmen are not entirely focus on pleasure in their life.
Most of them are more willing to use the money to do more useful things, like donate to children with diseases or some poor families.
For example, nobody does not recognize Bill Gates is a prominent person.
He and his wife founded a foundation together, the foundation has 36.2 billion funds today.
They helped lots of people, and brought hopes to them and encourage them to live.
However, Bill Gates would not leave money to his children, he said that after he dies, he wants to donate all the money to his foundation.
His words shocked many people, at the same time, he got a lot of praise.
Above all, those who are merely stimulated by money in our society take up a small proportion, and most of businessmen are simultaneously motivated by other noble stimulus.
Online shopping is becoming more and more popular in today's world, has swept the world.More and more people began to buy the things they need, such as clothes, shoes, hats, cell phones, computers, etc.
online.Before, I'm not a online shopping, When see the roommate fluent online shopping, the very envy.
So start learning slowly understand a lot of the knowledge and skills about online shopping.
Such as, how cheap, how the quality of the class ... and slowly let the soil begin to focus on fashion, also started up fashion.
Online shopping has many advantages, but there are a lot of shortcomings.
As a coin has two sides.
First, home "shopping", order without time limit: the now fashionable men and women, due to busy work during the day there is no more time to go shopping, so online shopping has become the first choice.
Can enjoy the selection online is also not subject to time limits.
Fourth, from ordering potential buyers to the goods need to come visit the scene, both time and effort: especially hot day, you can at home shopping, courier delivery more comfortable.
First, a large gap between materials and photos.
Second, can not be tried.
Third, the network pay unsafe.
May be voyeuristic, password theft.
Fourth, the letter to the city.
Fifth, the speed of delivery problems.
This New Year is to buy clothes online, some good, some not how appropriate, in short, there are good and bad, right, but, overall, is still strong support of online shopping.
We can percieve the advantages of getting a good education from three angles.First,getting a good education may enriches your knowledge and widens your eyes.What else,it may upgrades your skills.Second,having a diploma helps you get a job more easily.
And it may increase your job opportunities.Third,as a citizen,if you get a good education,then you may do somrthing to contribute our society and make the society more and more harmonious.
In the contemporary society,all over the world,the phenomenon that people have different view on academic success has simulate great attention.
On the one hand,the point of view for some human beings gift is the most crucial key to get the successful of the academic.In their view,one person has high talent in academic,it means that he has wonderful comprehension and perfect memory.Learning isn't a difficult for him and he can spend less time than others to solve the problem when they meet in darling study.
On the other hand,some person insiste that hard-working is also vital that should be taken into account.As celebrities said,genius require one percent talent,but more important is ninety-nine hard.If you want to get good grades in study,spending more time people and do more exercises than other people is not avoided.You will feel worth when they gain success on academic.
Considering the situation should be taken to solve this problem,in my opinion,just a bike has two wheels,not only talent is essential ,but also hard-working play the important role.
All in all,only by having talent and working hard,can we to be A student on academic in the final.
It is wrong to start at once when you get an order.The most essential thing is to prepare what you should do first.With adequate preparation, you can know what to do next and become successful.
Preparation is to plan and to prepare the material conditions.It can be easily proved that only when you have the ability can you deal with the problem well.And you will be extremely clear about what to do next if you have prepared.
You do well in the first and it is easy to do the second step.
For the opposite, it will be very difficult when you do at once without sufficient capacity.To cut down a tree, using a blunt axe, you may spend several times the time and energy more than using a sharp one.The proper choice is to sharpen the axe, though it takes most time, which is also Lincoln's choice.
There is a famous example that Napoleon attacked Russia in winter and failed.It is not the cold weather but lack of preparation that leads to his failure.As the result, almost all his army was destroyed.
Above all, it is of great importance to prepare before going.And I think those wealthy people can keep the habit of preparing.
Many people are fond to go shopping on the Internet these days, especially the young teenagers.
It's sure that online shopping is popular.
It's quite convenient to buy anything.
Recently, there are some opinions from people who are interesting about online shopping.
Xiao Ming, a school student, likes going shopping.
He has gone shopping on the Internet since his classmates suggested him to buy books from Dang website.
"It's really cool and cheap.
says Xiao Ming.
Though it is highly popular around teenagers, some parents prefer to go shopping in the supermarket.
They think the quality of the clothes on the Internet is too terrible.
Everything has two sides.
Although there are some defects, the way of shopping also helps us to buy things easily.
In my opinion, we can buy basic things from the credible stores on the Internet.
Recently, our dormitory has had many bad things.
For example, steal, swindle and fire disaster, etc.
Therefore, the dormitory security attracts more and more attention.
we should pay more attention to dormitory security.
This story happened right beside us.
One day, my roomie went out.
roomie hadn't went out.
She had stayed in other dormitory.
hadn't closed.
After a long time, I came back.
crept out from our dormitory.
I had frightened and scared.
and examined if anything had gone.
Fortunately,I found nothing had gone.
ourselves.
the future.
The dormitory security must depend on ourselves.
the dormitory security accident will be fewer.
We should try our best to do well in dormitory security.
My favourite place in the school is the playground.The playground is very large.Every day we can exercise our bodies in the playground.And we can also open a sports meeting on the playground.Before the sports meet,we can practice projects in the playground.Exercise programs can help us improve our physical education.In winter,we can run on the playground in the morning.Sometimes,when we were running in the morning.On the radio,you can listen to the song.
I like the playgroung,because running is exciting.
If you went China I will take you to appreciate China's beautiful scenery.I can take him to see the great wall.Because the great wall is the crystallization of the wisdom of the people in ancient China.I believe you will love our wall,than i will take you to visit summer palace.Let them regret.I hope when they back home caneducate their country brother.Make them can apologize for Chinese .At the same time.I hope they can appreciate the summer place's scenery.
I hope that he will have a great time in China.
Computer in our lives are play more and more important role.computer maker our live better,there are many peole use computer to online shopping.
In my opinion,there are many benifits to online shopping.online shopping let people's live more convenient,and can help many people who like stay in the house all day.and make a lot of people see more ads to learn more about goods.
On the other hand,pay attention to safety,to prevent lawless elements back to deceive some of the online product description and is not necesarily the same in reality.and the product quatity is not guaranteed.
There are two side of a lot of things,we must make a goodchoice to shopping online or not,the correct use of the network.
Pride and Prejudice is a famous novel written by Jane Austen who first gave the novel its modern character via the treatment of everyday life.
The novel Pride and Prejudice is a tale of love and marriage in eighteenth-century England.
It centers on the elder sisters of the Bennet's family, Jane and Elizabeth.
Their personalities, misunderstandings and the roles of pride and prejudice occupied most of the novel.
Lead reader to pay more attention to the human nature to get the main idea of the author that love wins over prejudice and to not just take in the saying of first impression but to look in the person's character deeper.
The love between Elizabeth and Darcy shocked me and let me appreciate that only if we avoid the pride and prejudice when we get to know a person, can we find a true love in our life.
Never judge a person just by the opinions from others.
If you intend to know a person talk with him, look at his eyes.
Then you will find how sincere he is, what kind of person he is.
As soon as you fall in love with him, you should be strong enough to withstand the pride and prejudice from others.
Just love firmly and be confident enough to you and your lover.
There is no easy way to catch the true love.
To avoid be pride and prejudice we should think further and be more rational.
For example, we all know that both money and love are crucial.
Since we are ordinary people, we need to eat, to dress, to live and so on.
However, it doesn't mean that we must get married with rich persons but persons who can at least give you a security of life.
Then you will see the power of love and create miracles someday.
So Pride and Prejudice is not only the book which tells a love story but also a guider teaches us how to be a better person and how to seize our true love.
In modern times, cooperation takes more and more important role in people's daily lives, working and studying.
In the workplace, any job requires the characteristic of team-working.
In school, learning from each other is becoming one of the major ways to promote oneself.
Students organize many activities to help studying, such as group discussion, the English corner, and so on.
On the other hand, the power of competition is also significant, for no matter individuals or teams.
Competition gives people pressure to improve themselves.
However, anything will develop in the opposite direction when it becomes extreme.
Competition can be healthy, but if it is pushed too far, it will lead bad results, even disasters.
As a result, both cooperation and healthy competition are needed.
They are not contrary but complementary.
The social progresses only by the factors of cooperation and competition.
It is gradually a very common phenomenon that a large amount of students spend as much time as possible studying foreign languages instead of learning Chinese, which is especially severe in universities.
People nowadays are paying more attention to exploring the reasons of it, which can be summarized as follows .
On the one hand, English is becoming more and more widely spoken in many different countries, which is a trend followed by quantities of students.
On the other hand, mastering as many foreign languages as possible is regarded as a skill and a personification of students' capabilities.
What is the result of the phenomenon is that some of the students even have no idea of how to express their thoughts using Chinese other than English or other languages.
Some people prefer to give more lectures or introductions to people from when they start to go to kindergartens, which they think can be do great benefit to them to learn the very essence of Chinese civilizations better.
As they grow up, they should have their own way of allocating their time and energy.
On the contrary, others would like to provide more materials for students to let them know that some of the languages can't match with our own culture and we should master our own Chinese first .Then, we can devote some of our time to mastering other languages.
I give my vote to the first opinion.
After all, Chinese is our mother tongue.
What we should do is to learn our parent language excellently first and then take the pride of our own civilizations and cultures Under this circumstance,we can master other languages more effectively and efficiently.
The development of science and technology majes our life more comfortable and convenient.However,scientist have created many problem,such as air pollution,the deterioration of environment and the scarcity of natural resources,to which we must some solution.
Modern science and technology render people many advantages.Modern teleommuciation shortens the distance between people and makes communciation much earier.Modern transportation,such as airplanes and highspeed trains make our journey smooth and fast.Modern medicine prolongs peoples life and relieves patients of sufferings from any diseases.
However,the process of scientific development also arouses many sever problems to our human beings.
Nowdays, many students pay no attention on spelling in English studying.
The existence of the problem of writing can be attributed to the following main reasons.
On the one hand ,some students think writing is only a small matter .And there's more other details need to take care.
On the other hand ,when they study English ,teachers are not emphasize the importance of spelling.
So, students gradually ignore the problem.
In my opinion, various measures should be taken to handle the problem.
First ,teachers can adds more exams about the writing which can help students attach much importance to the spelling.
last, we should make a rule to help students realize the necessities about the correct spelling as well as teachers.
In a word, due attention should be given to spelling.
A person who is creative means he or she is good at producing or using oringinal and unusual ideas.People who are creative can solve problems easily.Also,creative thinking is propulsion for the development of our society.
For the person who is good at creating,famous inventors come into our mind first.For example,James Watt,who invented the steam engine in 18th century.This invention inaugurated the age of steam which promoted the progress of the first industrial revolution.Another famous people is Thomas Edison,who invented the electric bulb,which led us into a colourful electricity world.
But being creative not always means inventing influential things to change the world.To be creative is simple.everyone can be creative if you racks your brains.When you cooking,cola is not designed for cooking chicken.But creative people try to use cola to add to the chicken.So a delicious cuisine is coined.Another field you can be creative is decorating.How to decorate your rooms?When meeting this problem,everyone has their styles.Everyone is creative so that there are no two rooms are quite similar.I'm also creative in making fish tank.I chose different kinds of fish and some grasses.I also design a small mountain and some stones.In order to make it fascinating,I found a light which can change colours erected in the water.
Creative doesn't means do something change the world.It can be done in everybody's life.
In recently years,there is a tendency that a host of people are chasing after the materialism,which has aroused a heated debate among nationwide whether being too materialiastic can really bring us a lot bebefits and find a right way to happiness.James Twitchell also ever wrote,"That materialism-acquiring possessions and spending money-is a vital source of meaning and happiness in our time.
"But is that definitely true?I do not think so for the following reasons.
In the first place,just as a saying goes,"The true happiness lies in what you have given instead of what you have gotton.
"However,people are busy all the time in chasing after variety of material thins-money,houses,cars,spouses and so on.They are even just like crazy fans of materislism.It seems that they cannot live happily without such things.For the second place,people nowadays are easlier lose themselves in such rapid-developed world,for which they even cannot find who they are,where they stand and where they should go?They actually have possessed what they want,but they are still not satified enough.And they just do not stop chasing and eventually they lose the most precious things-themselves.Nevetherless,they are not happy at all,and they lose their energy and hope for future life in the end,for they ever thought that the final destinationin life is to get all they want,but actually not.
Last but not least,just like Gandhi ever said,''Earth provides everything to satisfy every man's need,but not every man's greed.
"The world is a beautiful place,and our life still can be very meaningful and wonderful even without being too much materialistic.And the true happiness lies in what we have experienced instead of what we are chasing,and every day can we be rich and happy.
You may want to ask why my deskmate is lovely.So let me tell you!
First,my deskmate has a medium height with big eyes and short black hair.He's so thin that I can even see his bones,but I think he's handsome.He is always well-dressed,so he's always neat.
Second,he has positive personalities.He is smart and talkative,so he always help me with my maths.Although sometimes he's naughty,he's warm-hearted.I regard him my best deskmate.
At last,I want to say something about his hobbies.He is crazy about cartoons and his favourite cartoon is One Piece.He enjoys playing basketball as well,and I think he is quite cool when he is in the basketball field.And he said that doing sports is good for your health!
From the chart ,we may find that there are tremendous changes in family expenses in shanghai from the year of 1980 to 2000 .The proportion of food and clothing in family expenses dropped year by year.On the contrary,the proportion of recreation,education,health care and others in family expenses increased dramatically.
The what contribute to those great changes.Firstly,with the development of economy.The problem of food and clothing isn't a threat to our citizens.Secondly,most people tend to pursue a colorful life,and therefore they spend more money on recreation,Finally,people are now paying more attention to their children's education and their own health.After all,without a good health,we can't do anything effectively.
Those changes have great influence on both individuals and the whole society.On the one hand,people aren't worry about their living,which lends itself to a stable society.On the other hand,only our country become more powerful can we live a more wonderful life,including higher education,more sound health care and so on.
Recently I've carried survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Here are the results.
A majority of people hold a positive to the issue.
The reasons are as follow.
Firstly, they have access to the information that they need via the internet.
At the same time, they think that get line can broader our minds.
Secondly, they can communicate and share with friend through the internet.
Thirdly, Surfing the internet is considered to be relaxing.
However, a coin has two sides.
Some people believe that we aren't supposed to get online frequently.
In the first place, they think it is bad for our eyes.
What's more, it is easy to full in love with chatting and games.
Above all, They consider that getting online frequently wastes time and energy.
In my opinion, we ought to get online properly.
what matters a lot is how to we make use of it.
Nowadays,every hole and corner of the world has been swept out to the wave of globalization.Many of us are aware that globalization not only brings us the modernization facilitating the progress of civilization, but also brings us the weakening of the influence of many primitive cultures,such as Chinese traditional culture.
It is widely acknowledged that the world consists of different kinds of living creatures,such as human beings,other animals,various plants,and even microorganism.No one can deny that the diversity of creatures on the earth is the necessary condition of the normal and ordered operation of our planet.So is culture,I reckon.
When we are faced with the reality of the multi-cultural collision on a crash basis,what we should do is not escaping or complaining.Only the losers do that.And in my mind, only by cultural integration and mutual complementarity can us and our traditional culture be more lively and vigorous.With regard to cultural collision,I have three ideas about it.
Firstly,latest technologies and media forms ought to be flexibly applied to the traditional cultural artifacts.For instance,maybe we can combine some conventional dramas,like Peking Opera and Kunqu Opera with some modern music forms,just like hip-hop or jazz,then,we can throw the content into various modern forms of SNS medias or even the apps in smart phones .Secondly,more attention should be rapidly paid to the researches of culture hybrid between Chinese traditional culture and another excellent cultures of various ethnic groups,especially the western culture.Never can we thoroughly appreciate our own culture without having a good knowledge of other fruits of human civilizations.Although someone may immediately criticize that it will destroy the pure characters of the traditional culture,we should gradually accept that it is the trend of the era .Last but not least,the idea that Chinese culture is absolutely not like a pool of stagnant water should be delivered and spread to many people's thoughts in that many Chinese people still stubbornly insist on that the traditional culture must not be changed a little.However, from my mind,it is the interaction and communication with the world's cultures that can treat the deep-rooted defects of our culture fundamentally.
On the whole,courageous and forward participation in cultural exchanges of the world can our traditional culture get a steady stream of nutrients and be confident when challenged again and again.
Nowadays some people holds that many Chinese students lack modesty spirit in anything.
This way of learning is not advisable and students should practice a certain amount of modest.
As we all know, modest spirit is always regard as a precious academic spirit.
On the one hand, modest is a quality of great value we should have and a gift we are endowed with.
As most of us know, most progress and breakthroughs in science are owing to modest.
On the other hand, no one in the world is perfect.
Only by accepting others opinion and developing their creativity and gaining academic independence.
As the old saying goes, "Among any three people walking, I will find something to learn for sure.
So we should remit to others.
On the whole, it is important to keep in mind that students should hold a certain modest spirit when obtaining knowledge and social intercourse ability.
You see, American and European brand names, merits, ideas, labeled as the most fashion concepts or civilizations, are welcomed all over the world, that is to say, with the deepening of globalization, our global village is now much covered with western cultures.
That is what confront:the culture hit.
China possess 5,000 years' history, which is known to everyone.
However, with such a long history and civilization, it is going to be drowned by the new-comers.
To be seriously, the past one hundred years have witnessed the dramatic changes in the whole China.
After the foundation of the People's Republic of China, our technologies and other industries fell much behind the developed countries.
Chinese culture to that of western countries is what the civilization of primitive society to that of Tang dynasty.
In the new century, foreign capitals, along with its idea, flooded in.
Foreign businesses gave a big hit to the newly-born companies in China.
Nevertheless, to some extent, it is another way of stimulating to urge the less developed corporations to change for the better, thus forming a virtuous circle and competition for both home and abroad.
The same thing happens in every field.
From my point of view, it can be seen distinctively in 2 aspects.
Holidays and Festivals.
The best-known festivals to young people are Christmas, Halloween, Valentines' Day, etc.
instead of the dragon-boat festival or something like Tomb-sweeping Day.
Even the Spring Festival are not as popular as before.
Since the living standards of the young are getting better and better and there is no need for them to wait for the day to buy something they intend.
As far as I am concerned, the perception of Chinese Lunar Year among most of my friends is just a kind of rest and a part of winter holiday, rather than the meaningful one.
Mass media such as books, films, music and ads.
In the recent years, we are used to read some English books so as to improve the English as well as for the entertainment.
So are the films.
The Titanic, which is a big hit in these days, becomes the hot word again.
Looking back to china, we are to find that the society is much more fickle.
People pay excessive attention to success, outcome and money.
Therefore, traditional books and most of the films lost their market and can hardly make both ends meet.
With the exception of the external cause (cultural hit), I ascribe it to the internal ones that celebrations are old-fashioned and we are universally in lack of innovation.
Thus it comes to us that we should no longer turn a blind eye on the problem of our own.
It's not the foreign cultures that challenge us.
Instead, it's us,ourselves, to blame.This is the principle of Survival of the Fittest-to choose out the best and abandon the comparatively worst.
This is where the challenges lie.
And the developed civilizations are somewhat the driving force for us to change the similar life.
There are always challenges, coming along with opportunities.
If we seize the alternative, we are confident in winning the competition on cultures.
Just as an old saying goes: move forward, or you'll be fall behind.
It is the same with cultures.
Things do not change, we change.
The best way to protect our traditional culture is not to repeat what we have done, but to create a proper way to mix tradition as well as new things.
For instance, government can put forward reforms on college studies for university students by carrying out classes which are conformed to our interest or offering some optional courses instead of letting student be busy working out essays or taking exams.
Others like celebrating the traditional holiday in a fresh way and carrying on traditional ways as well are welcomed to be put into force.
Though, our cultures seem to be less strong than westerns', and there is a long way for us to go.
It's better late than never.
I'd like to conclude my essay with a word in American history: go west, young.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
There are some views some of them hold as follows:we can access knowledge and broaden our horizons via the Internet.
What's more,It's convenient for us to keep in touch,chat and share the things we liked with others.
Surely,it is able to have us relaxing after tired work as we know.
But some ones hold different points.They thought it was bad for eyes after using too long.In addition,people felt the adults were short of self control.Therefore,we may spend too much time on comunication and games.In a word,we waste the time and the attention in their opinion.
As to whether getting online or not,I am convinced that we ought to use the Internet for a suitable time and consider it as our tool instead of our whole lives.
We are pleased to tell you that the goods under sales confirmation No.J-29 have been delivered on board S/S "Zhenzhu".And it will transshipment at Hong Kong"Wuyuehua".About the system by CFR transactions.
we have sent to you by fax on Mar 15 2013, so that your insurance in a timely manner.
Nowadays, network becomes more and more popular.
Some people surf the internet, some people shopping on the internet and some people chatting with their friends, etc.
But, Internet has a great effect on the family.
First,the network so that student achievement is declining.
Second, network makes people miss work from unemployment.
Above all, Internet will affect people's health.
Finally, network is harmful to the harmony of a family.
In view of the above mentioned.
Parents are the first teachers of sketching, but also life-long teacher.
On the one hand, parents should use the internet correctly, and make oneself an example.
On the other hand, combined with the time, but also to their own work is heavy.
Finally, attention should be paid to the family members live together in peace.
There is an increasing tendency that E-books are widely welcomed in our society.
People have heated discussion on whether E-books are better than traditional books.
It is believed that E-books are convenient, especially for those live and in the fast pace.
Obviously, E-books without much weight are easy to carry.
In addition, we can download whatever appeal to us or we need on the Internet, which vary from these to novels, from editorials to self-biographies.
Moreover, the existence of E-books reduces the consumption of paper and as a result, it protects our woods.
On the other hand, some people hold the opposite opinion.
They prefer the feel of holding a book on hand no matter when they read on the train in a trip or in the bed or etc.
Apart from this, they pay attention to the phenomenon that a large number of E-books are illegal downloaded, infringing the rights of author.
From my perspective, there are many advantages on E-books.
Not only do they save our space and time, but also they can be available to people in different area in the world, especially for books have small circulation.
Besides, E-books are environmentally-friendly.
Now some providers of E-books have had commercial cooperation with authors and publishers, who require readers to pay for the works when they download.
And revenue are divided by authors, publishers and providers, in this way, we can avoid plagiarism.
Nowadays,some students cheat in exams for good marks is extremely common on campus.It is unfavorable for the students to obey the school rules and to be honesty.
Therefore,how to get rid of cheating on campus is an important mission.There I have some suggestions about it.First,we should Propaganda the importance of the honesty,and then stress the school rules about the exam.Second,in order to eliminate cheating in exam,we ought to work hard everyday and obtain the knowledge fully before the exam,at the same time lie a good foundation in daily,rather than stay up late at night before the exam.Third,what we should do is to try our best to do in the exam and don't support others to cheat.
Cheating is not a moral behavior,let us eliminate cheating on campus to build a health campus environment.
As is known to us,someone who intends to make remarkable achievements must have a strong will.
I suppose that it's extremely universal for us to understand this sentence.
In common,everyone is dying to succeed.However,it is easier said than done.There is a humorous saying,'Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world,I've done it hundreds of times'.I don't think it's easy to withdraw smoking without a vigorous will.Most of the people are aware of the fact that smoking is harmful,but only a few of them may succeed in quitting it.I take in a lesson from this sentence,we must have a tough will if we want to succeed.In the universe,all the celebrities make every effort to fight and accomplish their task.Each of them has a wholesome will.It is same for us.
As far as I'm concerned,many of us can't achieve success are lack of this quality,especially in our generation gap.Therefore,you must put yourself in the mill to support you to build a strong will.Only in this way can you get a grand achievement.
When I am a high school student, I have a dream.
I want to go college.
I will find some interesting things.
I will know some customs in there.
I will make friends with my future class mates.
I am in college now.so I make a plan for my college living .
Recently, I heard a piece of news that every year several languages die out, which really shocks me.
On this news, different people hold different opinions.
Some people think it's not so important because life would be easier with fewer languages.
But I think it's very important to prevent languages' dying out.
Because preserving a language can help preserve traditional culture and give access to language research.
First of all, preserving a language can help preserve a kind of culture.
As we all know that language is a part of culture, which helps us understand culture better.
Thus, if a language disappears, its culture would disappear little by little.
Nowadays, many countries call on their citizens to preserve their traditional culture, including China.
As an important part of traditional culture, language should also be preserved.
What's more, preserving a language can give access to language research.
In my opinion, language is not only a tool of communication, but also an art worth of appreciating.
Because of the rich culture in it, many linguists spare no efforts to do language research.
Those linguists are working for all us human beings, because they are trying to save our common spiritual wealth.
Thus, languages should be preserved.
In conclusion, we should try our best to prevent languages' dying out for our own sake.
After all, both traditional culture and language research are important spiritual wealth.
I have learnt a film that told a story about Bai Fangli.
He is a poor old man who rides a trike to earn his living.
But he never buys himself any luxury things.
Each time he delivers a sum of money; he came to Yaohua Senior High School and contributed it to those students whose family couldn't manage the school fee.
I still remember one scene.
In a cold winter day, it was stormy.
The wind was so strong that nobody went out.
The wind could almost blow you away.
Grandpa Bai still rode his trike filled with so many goods hearing his best to send the goods to the customer to earn a bit of money.
Not long after he set out, he became a snowman.
He couldn't manage to ride any longer, so he got off his tricycle and began to walk.
I was so frightened that he might die.
Fortunately, he didn't.
He arrived to the customer's and sent them the goods.
He still didn't save that money.
The next day, he went to Yaohua again early in the morning.
He walked into the office, afforded his box.
There were so many papers in it.
None of them is more than one Yuan.
Tears came out of my eyes.
He practiced his whole life to help those children.
During the second semester of Grade One, I finished reading the whole book of Wuthering Heights ,which was written by Emily Bronte ,an English novelist.
The author Emily Bronte was best remembered for her only novel, Wuthering Heights, a classic of English literature.
The author finished this novel in 1847.
After that, Emily died soon in 1848 at the age of thirty.
Although it received mixed reviews when it first came out, and was often condemned for its portrayal of amoral passion, the book subsequently became an English literary classic.
Wuthering Heights is a novel of romance, revenge, and tragedy.
I am surprised by how much I like it.
This is a book that talks about the death of romantic notions; even the relatively happy ending doesn't reduce its sorrow.
When I was wrapped up in the story, I cried for the two lovers and felt sadness deep in my heart.
Here is a brief introduction of the book.
Mr. Earnshaw, a Yorkshire Farmer and owner of Wuthering Heights, brings home an orphan named Heathcliff.
and is raised with the Earnshaw children, Hindley and Catherine.
Catherine loves Heathcliff but Hindley hates him because Heathcliff has replaced Hindley in Mr. Earnshaw's affection.
Catherine and Heathcliff grow up playing wildly on the moors, oblivious of anything or anyone else - until they encounter the Lintons.
Edgar and Isabella Linton lived at Thrushcross Grange .
The Lintons welcomed Catherine into their home but shuned Heathcliff.
Treated as an outsider , Heathcliff began to think about revenge.
Catherine spent more time with Edgar, which made Heathcliff jealous.
When Heathcliff overheard Catherine said she could never marry him (Heathcliff), he left Wuthering Heights and was gone for three years.
Catherine ended up marrying Edgar.
Their happiness was short-lived because they were from two different worlds, and their relationship was strained further when Heathcliff returns.
Relationships are complicated even more as Heathcliff marries Isabella, Edgar's sister.
which makes Catherine jealous.
Soon after Heathcliff's marriage, Catherine gives birth to Edgar's daughter, Cathy, and dies.Heathcliff vowed revenge and did not care who he hurted.
He desired to gain control of Wuthering Heights and Thrushcross Grange and to destroy everything Edgar Linton holded dear.Finally, he forced Cathy to marry his son, Linton.
By this time he had control of the Heights and with Edgar's death, he had control of the Grange.but Hareton and Cathy fell in love with each other .
Through all of this, though, the ghost of Catherine haunted Heathcliff.
What he truly desired more than anything else was to be reunited with his soul mate.
At the end of the novel, Heathcliff and Catherine are united in death, and Hareton and Cathy were going to be united in marriage.
As i have summaried,The book has 3 themes, the first is love goes wrong.
Cathy loves Heathcliff but marries Edgar Linton.
Heathcliff loves Cathy but marries Isabella Linton.
Mr. Earnshaw loves his adopted son, Heathcliff, better than his biological son, Hindley, causing Hindley to despise Heathcliff.
Linton and young Cathy are forced to marry.
Theme 2 is about prejudice and revenge.
the Lintons look down upon the lower class like Heathcliff .So Heathcliff's desire to get even against all who wronged him was so strong that it subverted his other emotions, including love.
Theme 3 is Lure of Success and Social Standing.
Cathy marries Edgar after becoming infatuated with his image as a cultured gentleman with wealth enough to meet her every need.
Isabella marries Heathcliff after becoming infatuated with an idealized, romantic image of him.
Catherine Earnshaw and Heathcliff do love each other very much, but they do not have the right attitude towards love, which leads to the tragedy.
And If anyone add any purpose into love, love itself lost its meaning.
In addition,If you love really someone, his or her happiness is the thing that most matters.
Not having a right understanding of and attituds towards love will only result in hurting youself as well as the one you love.
These are my thoughts after reading Wuthering Heights.I strongly recommend this book to you, it really worth reading.
In My opinions,Ithink advantage can make customers understand the produces ,because the advantage have attract and vivid pictures to give the customers an enjoy eye's dinner .However,there are some advantages occupy the newspaper 's space of awholepage,cause very serious waste.
Form the picture we can know that a teenage belive one onile rumor, he tell it to his parents ,it make his parents extremely scared .As far as I think that online rumors has a big negative influence on society , but why it is so big on society of the harm.
Now we live in the information age ,we must receive a lot of informations every day whether it is good or bad.
As the spreading of the internet ,more and more people will believe it.Sometimes it can make people very nevous and scared .What's more society will be unpeace.
There is a problem that how we can slove it .
Finally I hoplly that we will have a peace world on online.
causes many troubles.What's more,solid-state rubbish also troubles us very much.
In restropect,we could draw the conclusion that the long-term neglection leads us to the bad circumstance.In one way after the Reform and opening,people have devoted into speeding up the economical development.People used to exploit natural resource without limit,and in order to save money,people discharge rubbish into nature directly.In another way although we discovered these problems,we couldn't take effective measures to solve it at once.
Now,as people pays more attention to the environment protection,the state has improved a lot.As a person, we can also make a contribution to protecting our homeland.What's more,the country should improve the technology to reduce the comsume of resource.Companies should comply law and system,reduce dischargeing rubbish.For the future,everyone should participate in the procession to make our matherland become more and more beautiful.
in a word,Peter is a diligent student,and also he would be a good choice.I would be grateful if you would like to consider my recommendation.
They say that first impressions are very important.My first impression of the geography teacher was that she was kind and humorous.She is tall and with brown curly short hair.She often smiles that I think she is very kind and the behavior of the other students shows that they like her too.The class is really interesting.She always tell jokes when she thinks that we're tired in order to make us can concentrate to study.So I don't think I'll be bored in her class.And her method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.Her teaching is so well organised and clear that evertyone can understand the things which she teaches.
Although the fgeography is difficult,I believe I'll do well in the exam with she teaching me.
English is not only the most useful language in the world,but it is also one of the easiest language to learn and to use.I am more than enjoy learning English online.Many factors that account for this.
One reason is that I like to skim the English webpage,I think that it saves me time.Secondly,not only can I choose when and where to learn for English,but I can also take time to think through answers before making a replay.Last but not least,learning English online is that I communicate with native English speakers is a very rewarding experience,however,I can make friends.
Recently there has been an argument about the reuse of textbooks on the internet.
As we all know, China's per-capita resources is less than in other countries.
However, China still consume a large number of trees to make textbooks which could be used for half a year.
This is a serious waste.
In my opinion, we must recycle of textbooks.
First, it will save a lot of trees.
It is said that China had two hundred and twenty million students, with the textbook in three billion every year, which requires the consumption of eleven million trees.
If it extended the lifespan of textbooks for a year, it will save a lot of trees.Next, to achieve the goal of sustainable development and low-carbon life, Recycle of textbooks must be used.
Finally, the textbooks are rewritten too often.
Recycle of textbooks is not only necessary but also helpful.
My national day is really boring.These days I spend no hours studying English,therefore,I find it difficult to pass some examination,due to lack of vocabulary.Appart from this,I also use my computer to download some useful movies to kill time,opposite it,no words I remember.I am sad now.
Currently, I keep my fingers crrossed now about failing in this subject.so,please,MS.Zhang.
Fine,though you make me fail in this subject,I am also helped by the God,so bless me the God.
On balance,I will syudy well,plesse give me an opportunity again .your sincerly student Mr.Fan.
Writting by there,I have no words to give onto pi gai wang.
So I appologise to you for this.
Famous people go to where are all of the hottest, they have too much, for example: fame, money, pay attention to the eyes, etc.
Everyone's argument is very large.
Some people think that the Famous people enjoy more rights than ordinary people, more convenient, they have more, and rights and obligations is quite, so as Famous people should take more responsibility.
But some people are holding different points of view, they think, each human being is, is equal so enjoy the rights and obligations of the is the same.
So Famous people didn't need to take on more responsibility.
And Famous people owned more than normal people, they enjoy more convenient.
They have more than ordinary people, they have the ability to take on more responsibility, so they should have more responsibilities.
We are pleasure to notify you that we are the first J-29 confirmation of the sale of goods has been installed under the "Pearl" freighter, turn "Mayflower" cargo transport in Hong Kong.
This series about the transaction price and freight cost.
In 2013,we have sent you on March 15 by fax so that your insurance in a timely manner.
The nedless slaughter on streets and highways can be attribute to three general causes.First of all,some traffic accident result from mechanical failure.For example ,when the car is on street ,in all of a sudden,the brakes is in a faulty condition.This situation is at risk to cause accident .In addition,bad environmental condition ,such as blind corner,heavy fog ,is the one of the most important factor of causing traffic accident.Last but not least,lethality of the largest is several errors of human judgement,including excessive speed ,drunken driving,momently lapses.All of this reasons result in that traffic accident have become more and more serious.
With the development of the level of our life,there are various food we can enjoy.Nonetheless ,recently, domestic food safety problem is ongoing concerns about.As far as I am concerned, food is the most part of life,without food ,without lives.So it is important for us to concern about the food safety problem.
As we know, we get energy from food.Food keep us health,make us work better ,live longer.In total, we cannot live without food.If our food cooked by illegal cooking oil,or our milk was tainted serious,or even our vegetable have plenty of chemical additives.Today's the pesticide pollution is spread over the country.All above,how we can eat health or live safety?
It's high time that we should do something we can to improve our food safety awareness.First of us, the government should be strict with food checking before the food transport to the supermarket.Then, we should buy legal cooking oil,because eating illegal cooking oil may cause cancer.After that,it is important for us to keep food balance,eating more vegetable and fruit will keep us from doter.
Finally,we should make sure the food is safety before we eat it.
There is a saying :an apple a day ,keep doter away.So, if we try our best to keep food safety,we would have a bright tomorrow.
When we open the TV, we can see On Blind-date Show all around.
And not just on the TV show , in the real word ,there are many Blind-date.
Some people watch tv just for fun.So in order to meet people"need, these programs appear.
Some single people need an opportunity to meet suitable people to get married.
They should get married but not.
And they are worried.
They face to so much presure.To solve the problem, Blind-date Show is a good and quick way.Others maybe just want to be famous.
They make news to attack the eyes from others.
Some program maybe promote marriage,but I fare some bad atmospherethe can bring the negative influence to teenagers.The editors can add more meaningful program to develop a sense of responsibility and improve there values and rebuild a healthy and positive"s society.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.Our question was about weekends.Here are the results.Forty percent study English at home.So I think it is good.Twenty-five percent watch TV or listen to music and twenty percent use the Internet or playing computer games.Nonetheless only ten percent help parents with housework and five percent do sports.I think we should help our parents more and watch less television.That is good for health.Let's do it now.Solo.
The Spring Festival is the most traditional festival of China.
China's Spring Festival begin between the end of winter and the beginning of the spring.
Before the Spring Festival each year.
Our school let us linger at home for a month.
We are much happier at this time because we can have a break .
But we should pick up at home.
We revise for the exam which is at the next term.
We realize that we are the students.
So the most essential thing for us is studying.
We need to clean our houses, not only do special purchases but also buy some colorful clothes and shoes.
The Spring festival start on the first day of China and finish up with the Lantern Festival.
During the Spring Festival, persons ornament their houses with red lanterns as well as New Year scrolls.
We will put on the new clothes which are extremely colorful.
What's more, we usually visit our relationships for the most part and our good friends.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, we have to get together.
To our happiness, there are fish, dishes, much delicious food on the dinner table.
We will enjoy fruit after dinner.
It wishes good luck next year.
Above all, we eat dumpling at 12: 00 of the New Year.
It shows the love of the major family and good luck in the next year.
We can also come gift money which we are looking forward to.
The youngster let offset off fireworks.
They play happily each other.
CCTV will hold the Spring Festival gala which is my program.
On the second day of the Spring Festival, we fly to Hangzhou.
We take a visit to the West Lake.
Among its beautiful sights, the most famous sites are the Ten New Sights in West Lake, which are known as the gorgeous places.
We have a walk there with breathing in and out fresh air.
We all enjoy the scenery of the West Lake.
I love the Spring Festival exceedingly.
It bring us happiness.
With the progress of modern society, a marvelous number of person appreciate online shopping.
We can easily discover that most people in the office have online shopping habits,particularly maid.
Whether online shopping is a good thing or not is an extremely popular topic which we talk about frequently.
Many people reflect on that online shopping is a good thing.
However, others think that it is harmful to people.We cannot see all of a sudden the accurate thing.
Some people may say that online shopping can bring convenience and fast.
We can make purchase of goods that we need in internet.
We also have some different choices, because there are many online shops.
There are some problems existing in online shopping.For example, others believe that many people use excessive time in online shopping.
We argue that online shopping is not safety.
We may not buy what we want.
If asked to make a choice, I would not hesitate to select to buy what I can see in the shop.
On one hand, it is very convenient for us, especially the collage students.
On the other hand, online shopping can rescue time and money.
I like online shopping.I assume that we can do shopping online.
If we want to be successful in a short time,we always buy some books or listen to some lectures to get some remarks.But sometimes,these remarks don't work well.
First of all,if all of us get opinions from famous people,we all have the same remarks.It is difficult for us to be different from others.When we are in trouble,we hope that these famous people can give us advice and we don't have to worry about it.In this way,we won't try to deal with the problems by ourselves.It is hard for us to improve.If we have a problem that is not mentioned by famous people,what can we do?
Secondly,how do you know that their remarks fit you situation.Their remarks may solve the problems many years ago.As we all know,the situation always changes.And if you just follow their remarks and do not changde it.It will make a fool of yourself.The judge may think you can not solve a problem by yourself.It seems that you are a dependent person.In this way,they do not think you can do well at work.You may lose a wonderful chance.
Thirdly,if we always read others successful experience,we will feel upset.It is not good for us to encourage ourselves.We may think others' opinions are better.You will gain more if you follow their opinions.If we find that we have different opinions,we may think our own ideas are foolish.In this way,we do not believe ourselves.It can be such a big problem that we don't have new ideas.
In a word,famous people'opinions do not always work well.We'd better solve the problem by ourselves.
For my part, I am a person who is easily to be touched.
Actually, I often be emotional than rational.
There are so many impressive things in my life.
Something is happy and beautiful, but something is regretful and melancholy.
There is one thing I can not forget in my whole life.
Every time when I recalled that day I feel that it just like happened yesterday.
It was several years ago, and that's a final meeting with my grandmother in an evening.
She was diagnosed with cancer before, and she stayed in hospital and suffered painful treatment.
She asked to out of the hospital and go home in her last time of life.
Although we all knew that she didn't have much time, I was still not ready to face the cruel situation.
I remember that day is Sunday, my parents and I went to visit her as usual.
She was lying on the bed silently.
I sat on the bedside and held her hand.
I just looked at her with tears.
I didn't know what I should do, I just hope she can company with me longer.
I always remember that the dim light.
And the voice of oxygen bottle was especially clear.
The cold tears made me feel more helpless.
She didn't have any energy to talk, but she also held my hand gently.
I can't express the feeling that moment with any words.
But the feeling is so profound and unforgettable.
I had no idea that's a last meeting with my grandmother.
Afterwards, I usually feel regretful that why I didn't stay longer in that evening, why I didn't company with her when she passed away.
But I know, she expressed her love to me when she held my hand.
Lost is lost forever, the only thing we can do is to cherish and love.
I think that moment will be always in my mind.
I have a problem.
I was very unhappy with your service on my last flight.
I traveled on Flight 62 form Taipei to Amsterdam and on Flight 313 from Amsterdam to Paris on Friday, August 10th.
First, the flight from Amsterdam was delayed for three hours.
Then my luggage did not arrive in Paris.
Of course, I needed to buy some clothes and personal items.
I spent over $500 on these things.
Today is Spring Festival that is one of the most important festivals for all Chinese.Every family will get together to congratulate the traditional festival and so my family does.
In the morning,my brother and I were waked up early by my mother.After breakfast,we started to clean up our house and decorate it.I sweeped the floor as well as tidied up myself room.My brother posted new year's scrolls and paper cuts for window decoration.They are very beautiful.We help my mother to get ready for nice dinner after finished ourselves works.I like these food,especially dumplings and New Year cake.
My father came back home in the evening.We enjoy our dinner and watched The Spring Festival Evening.What'more we could see fireworks in the sky.
It goes without saying that today is a great day.We all had a good time.
Of all the knowledge we have,some come from the books we read,some come from personal experience in our lives.These two resources are both important,but which of them is more important?I think reading is more important.
A group of read books,but also life experience.Studies serve for delight,for ornament, and for ability.To be a scholar is to be the top of society.Knowledge from books forms a very important part of our knowledge structure.In colleges,we gain knowledge in the textbooks which is fundamental to our future career.We will be illiterate and ignorant without learning knowledge books.Therefore books are a very important source of knowledge.I believe many people have realized the significance of reading,but how we read is still a big question.We need choices before reading,as every article is corresponding to every way to read.And this leads to the choice.The books,the articles,and the essays,all kinds of reading,all need us to distinguish the importance to achieve the maximum utility.
As far as I am concerned,knowledge from books is more important.The book is the ladder of human progress.
If my foreign friend comes to my hometown,I will take her to the Mount Huangshan.When it comes to the reasons why I choose this this place,they can be briefly summed up as below.
To strat with, Mount Huangshan is a symbol of Anhui Province,which has a long history.There are beautiful views from foot to top,attarcting a great many tourists to take photos with them,the most famous is The Pine Greeting Guests.Moreover,while you are climbing the mountain, you can enjoy the sea of clouds,wondrous pines and unique rocks around you.In the early morning when the sun rises,the sky looks very beautiful.Finally,a veriety of delicious foods are temping.
Mount Huangshan is a scenic zone full of veriety and energy,I believe my foreign friend will enjoy her days here.
Thank you very much for your letter and the include literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
Winter holiday is coming.
Every day,I get up very late.In the morning,I usually watch TV.Then I have breakfast.Bread,milk and jiaozi for breakfast.Because jiaozi is my favourite food.Sometimes I eat noodles,too.After breakfast,I do my homework.In the afternoon,I play computer games for a short time.
Then I fly kites on the park.After dinner,I often help my mother clean the bedroom.At 11 o'clock,I go to bed.
I like my holiday.I think it is colorful.
Reading is often of a person's growth and the study has an important influence, a great man once said that books are the ladder of human progress.
Indeed, reading a valuable book is good for us.
We all know that reading there are a lot of benefits to us.
However, everyone's ideas are different, they all have their unique views.
On the one hand, most of people believe that reading a valuable book can make our spirit for washing, can ignite the spark of thought.
We absorb nutrition from reading and get the accumulation of knowledge in imperceptible in, so we love reading.
On the other hand, some people's point of view is not the case.
They believe that the best is to learn and grow through their own practice, and practice knowledge and reading just when free.
Reading is only in theory, but practice is action.
In a sense, let a person into a group.
But for me, reading is the way we know the world.
Different books for you to understand different civilization.
Secondly, the practice is to act.
We gain experience through different ways.
However, the most important thing is that our attitude is sincere.
Knowledge can be acquired from many sources.
These include books, teachers and practical experience, and each has its own advantages.
The knowledge we gain from books and formal education enables us to learn about things that we have no opportunity to experience in daily life.
We can study all the places in the world and learn from people we will never meet in our lifetime, just by reading about them in books.
We can also develop our analytical skills and learn how to view and interpret the world around us in different ways.
Furthermore, we can learn from the past by reading books.
In this way, we won't repeat the mistakes of others and can build on their achievements.
Practical experience, on the other hand, can give us more useful knowledge.
It is said that one learns best by doing, and I believe that this is true, whether one is successful or not.
In fact, I think making mistakes is the best way to learn.
Moreover, if one wants to make new advances, it is necessary to act.
Innovations do not come about through reading but through experimentation.
Finally, one can apply the skills and insights gained through the study of books to practical experience, making an already meaningful the experience more meaningful.
However, unless it is applied to real experiences, book knowledge remains theoretical and, in the end, is useless.
In fact I'd like to invite you join our outdoor activitity organized by Students'Union.We will get together at school gate at 7:30.And after 30minutes we will arrive at Guang Ming Farm located two kilometres away.
The activitity include planting vegetables,watering flowers and so on.
By this way we can get close to nature and take more exercise as well.And we all think if you join this activity it will be not only interesting but also unforgetble.
Let's come to the piont.We will start at 8:00 and end at 11:00.When wiil you come is welcome.
Wait for your reply.
In my school,there ara many places,but my favourite school place is reading-room.
Because it is very bright and quiet, I study on the reading-room for the most part.
Since then,I like it.
I often learn many things every day and I can also have a rest.
I can read a great variety of books,for example,about Math,Chinese,English and other books.
It takes me two hours to learn every day.
I go there when I feel nervous,because reading-room can make me relaxed.
Sometimes I forget eating.
I spend most of time staying in the reading-room.
So my score is to improve.
In my opinion,reanding-room not only makes me happy, but also makes me know about all over the world things a lot and it is very interesting.
In modern time , it's very extremely crucial to learn English well as a kind of comunnication tool, and also is each English learners' dream.
Firs, 'Interest'is the best teacher.
We must love english, and use it to speak, to listen, to read, to write, just as our native luanguage.
Second, you must find a learning medthod fitting for youself.
Third, makeing firends with foreingers is also a effictive way to learn English well.
So, there are many ways to learn english well.
The one who find the fittful method will learn english better and faster.
in a word, we should learn english as a tool.
that's my opinion.
I saw the film is called UNBROKEN last Friday.Although i saw it just 40mins and i can felt the main roles brave.
The film about the hero of the story the first children of ltaly.He was an energy boy when he was child.But he joined the school track and field team to allow him to stay away from the street violent.And then he took part in the1936 Tokyo Olympics and he won the eighth.He joined World War2.Finally someone put them rescued is Janpenese Navy.
In their want to alive process i can feel their brave and firm and indomitable.
As a teacher, first of all need to rich the knowledge.
Be strict with the students and encourage the encouragement.
Teachers should try to be one of us, to integrate into our collective.
The teacher can speak some interesting things to the students and shorten the distance between us.
Teachers can like to give students a lot of tests, the accumulation of knowledge of students.
The teacher gets angry when we make mistakes.When we get sick, the teacher will worry.The teacher will encourage us when we fail.
Teachers and students should take care of each other as family members.
If the teacher can do this,he is a good teacher.
Studying a foreign language is not easy for us, but there are a lot of benefits indeed.
Many people study a foreign language for many different reasons, but here I will cover three fundamental reasons why we study a foreign language.
The first reason is that we can acknowledge more about the world.
People who know a lot are people who are knowledgeable and who know plan their life.
So if we know another language besides our native language, we will be more cultured simply because this would permit us to travel more and we will know the world better.
The second reason is that people will like us more.
People like men with knowledge, whom they can learn from, as long as we are not a show-off, and people like to hearing stories about other countries or other cultures.
So by telling them about our travelling with a foreign language, we may develop a new friendship.
The third reason is that we'll discover so much.
Not only will we be more open to a whole new culture, but also we will be able to meet more people from all over the world thanks to your foreign language.
No one knows where life will take us, and knowing this foreign language might just make our life completely different.
Here are my three reasons about why we study a foreign language.
In one word, a new foreign language is not just a tool of communication,but also a way to find out a better life for ourselves.
So let's start to learn a foreign language just for a wonderful life.
The first time I cognize Uwe Scholz is in my university library,I look over something about dance,and his achievements are shocked me.And then his name appears again in front of me,I have deeper understanding of him.
Uwe Scholz,master of classical and modern dance,is hailed by many reviewers as Germany's best choregrapher.He was a famous and industrious performer,hottest choreographer and ballet director.His success to from the age of 18,he said he came to choreography like a virgin to motherhood,purely and chance.It just like found the new continent,the happiness rising from the heart.He constantly innovation made him become the Bavarian Theater winner.Since 1991 he has been ballet director and chief choreographer at the Leipzing Opera.
However, he wants to try to do something different,so he built up his company and to prevent it from falling victim to the rigorous austerity measures of Leipzing.Made him know around the world was his representative works--< Sleeping Beauty >.After years of go through untold hardships, finally created the miracle of ballet.
His unremittingly spirit worth our learning.
Since I enter a college, I felt that my life became free.
However, in my space time.
I didn't know what should I do and how to make good use of my space time.
So I had a very negative life in college.
Recently, I realize that I can't continue like this.
In these weeks, I was trying my best to find something to do.
So I decide to learn a new language.
Weekend was too boring if I can't find something to do.
I will watch TV or play games all day.
I won't do anything about study.
I felt it was decadence.
So I decided to learn a new thing--Korean.
I think it fit my interest and enrich my knowledge.
I find that only have cultural knowledge are not enough.
As far as I'm concerned.
I must have a talent and skill in my college life.
So I decided to pick up my music to promote my capacity.
So I am beginning to study ukulele by myself.
It made me have other things to do in my college life except study.
College life is too long.
We should find some interesting things which we want to do.
I believe that I will live a colorful life in my college.
Life may be many things to many people.
Some may see it as building up as much material wealth as possible while others may view it as enjoying to the fullest the pleasures each day offers.
My outlook on life is bound up with three major factors.
Primarily, life is so wondrous that I am eager to explore it.
Set your heart on a mystery and you can find something new; attach more of your mind to a challenge and you can get a sense of success, all of which, however, depends on how much knowledge you have equipped yourself with first.
Secondly, life is also short to anyone like me.
The flower you have just kissed for the first time is now fading away while the love from others you have come to cherish more is already on the wane.
And most of all, both ponderousness and shortness of life push me to seize every minute and every chance.
Once I do away the time I am supposed to take to study or work for the people, there will be no more hope of making up for it.
I have much option in this matter, but I have never found any other way of seeing life more reasonable and acceptable than mine.
Thus, I will leave no stone unturned during the course of my college studies in order to pave the way for my meaningful and colorful life.
The little pig puppet has little eyes and little four limbs, but has a very big round body.
It's made up of cloth and cotton.
So it is very soft.
It black, but nose is pink.
And it has a pink flower on the head.
That make it seems very funny and lovely.It really a lovely puppet.
The debate over whether the new technological inventions are an angel or a devil raged for a long time.This cartoon describes a phenomenon which everyone is concentrate on their new technological inventions and ignore numerous things that happened in beautiful life.
Some people point that the new technological inventions have fundamentally changed our life;Conversely, others maintain that it adversely that affects our life and work.For my perspective, I hold the opinion that we should not ignore the fact that the new technological inventions in the meantime negatively affects our friendly relationship.Numerous sophisticated inventions have been constantly enhancing our living standard and broadening our vision.
However, the new technological inventions compound the unconcerned of each other.No matter where you stand, you can find an abundance of people are absorbed in their phone and pad.We ignore the real emotion between person and person, and become false and ruthless when we get stuck in the smart world.
Accordingly, the unrestricted using smart products will bring about a series of horrible consequences.We should raise our head and put down our phone, and communicate face to face by your heart.If it were otherwise, we should be unable to see what the world really is.
It is obvious that the computer has become an indispensable part in our daily life,with the times evolution.Our life is closely linked with it.We are enjoyable that the computer brings convenience.
As is referred that "The real danger is not that the computer will begin to like a man,but that man will begin to think like the computer".We should pay more attentions to the relationship between humans and computers.We are considering a problem that the computer will start to think like man for a time,what's more,it is smarter than us and will take the place of us to control the world.
hasn't come true so far.On the contrary,we begin to think like the computer.Everything sequencing.We can almost look into any answer by the computer without thinking.It leads to our brain degenerating.
As far as I am concerned,we must decline the time we spend on computers and read more books to improve our ability to think.Meanwhile,we ought to think by ourselves as we can as possible before asking computer for help.
Nowadays,more people concerned about the next generation than a generation ago.This is a serious social problem which can make our society not harmonious and lead many bad results.
As far as I am concerned,firstly,less concerned about lake of communication can make family cold.Secondly,our attitude will make parents sad,and have no confidence to life.Then they do not want to share themselves to us.In my opinion,do not care about the elders would stretch the distance between people.
To my way of thinking,people should squeeze more time with their parents instead of doing other things such as playing with children.Finding a balance point to two or morethings old man and the child is important.
As we all know, knowledge and practice are both important for us.
We can acquire knowledge from many ways.
For example, books,news,Internet and so on.All of these can giving you useful information.
We acquire knowledge from these ways in order to live better in the future.Even someone said they study hard in order to contribution to society.
There is no doubt that knowledge is very important to us.
On the one hand,we can't learn everything from books.Correct ideas are not innate in the mind, but come from social practice.
On the other hand, through practice we learn how to deal with problems and we also learn a lot of helpful skills of social life.
In addition to this, practice is the key to success.
All in all, it's very indispensable for us to participate in practice.
Last but not least, we have to try to balance the relationship between knowledge and practice.
There is such a great increase in population that the environmental carving capacity have reached its limit.What's more,overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.Besides,Many coutries are lacking in water resources,which makes it hard for people to have access to safe drinking water.In addition,cutting down trees is creasing the evenironment.Many place has serious air pollution,water pollution and so on.
We must take action to protect the environment.Firstly,we should find new environmentally friendly energy,such as solar power.
Secondly,we should control the number of people.Thirdly,It's necessaral to strengthen international cooperation.
I want to study English for different reasons.In my opinon,English is the most widely used language in the world,which we can use to communicate with people all over the world.
In the other hand,I think English is a beautiful language,which sounds perfect.What's more,having a good knowledge of Eglish can help us know more about the culture of some foreign countries whose mother language is English.So,I think I should try my best to learn English well and make the most of each chance of learning Enlish.
This passage tells us that an American reporter went to Hiroshima for he was going to make an interview for the mayor of the city.
When he arrived in Hiroshima, he saw different people in different dresses and then he got in a cab, the driver of which recognized little of the city and fortunately with the help of an usher of a city hall, he was able to discover a taxi driver who could take him straight to the destination.
After he reached the restaurant, he met lots of Japanese customers and few Americans and Germans, feeling inhibited.
Then the mayor began to make a speech and when he told that the Hiroshima was famous for its oysters, the reporter felt surprised at the mayor's words and headed toward the far side of the room, where a few men were talking among themselves.
In terms of the talking, the reporter knew the fact that people in Hiroshima weren't willing to talk about the impact of the atomic cataclysm and some would like to preserve traces of the bomb while others would like to get rid of everything, including the monument.
Finally, the reporter visited the local hospital and he made a conversation with a victim of the atomic cataclysm and a doctor.
In accordance with the conversation, he knew that many victims died as a result of their injuries, or else committed suicide and their children would encounter prejudice because people were afraid of the genetic damage from the radiation.
From my personal points of view, atomic war is really a death blow to local people.
They are innocent and clashes between the two nations should be coped with in a more peaceful way rather than the force of arms.
