Does the city where you live face increased pollution?According to much information of cities pollution from news,we must realize that many cities are facing problems about air pollution,and nowadays governments have to work out many ideas to deal with them.I suggest that planting trees is a powerful way to improve air pollution.
As we all know,trees can absorb Carbon Dioxide and some other pollutants and release oxygen.By the way,overmuch Carbon Dioxide,which is produced by automotive vehicles,is the biggest problem of pollution.As for automotive vehicles,such as cars,buses,lorries and so on,we need them in many ways in our daily life.So if we design large numbers of trees in cities to make fresher air,we will not have to avoid too many automotive vehicles to influence our cities' development.89Of course,planting trees can not only make cities become more beautiful,but give citizens a healthy life.
Planting more trees,paying more attention on our pollution problems,and taking more care of our life.
Every coin has two sizes.
So we should correctly treat fame.
Maybe some people lose themselves to get fame, and they even crime.
When they get fame, they will be pleased with themselves, they may be so proud of their success that they start to look down upon others.
Usually at this time, we can say the soul of them has already been contaminated.
And they will eventually fail.
The reason for their fail is that these people treat fame as their life, their whole world.
If we can treat fame with a common heart, we can benefit from it.
We need fame because it can spur us moving on to get success, also it can make us stronger.
And we can do better when we are on the way to get success.
Maybe we may get fame in the end, and maybe not, but we can't be regret.
So fame is an accessory not all in our life.
This is my opinion of fame.
Noways,almost all high school students have mobile phones,mobile phone has become a very common electronic products.
As for me,is there a phone it doesn't matter,because the mobile phone has disadvantages.Just on the phone can check things,however,people will therefore destruction game,cell phone become a tool of playing the game,so that the performance decline.This is the disadvantages of mobile phones.
As for me,occasionally have to do is to playing for a while sleeping,distribute work.After all,cell phone radiation is big,to play for a long time is bad for your eyes.So,we should appropriate playing mobile phone.Believe me.
Nowdays,it's a common phenomenon that students are aguring about academic performance and communication ability.Opinions are divided.
Some students are favour of the academic performance.They think that though we are university students,our academic performance is still important.Reasons are as follows.To begin with,if we want to have a good job after graduation,it is academic performance that really matters.Meanwhile, good academic performance can affect the thoughts of other people.Besides,as we can see from chinese tradintion,academic performance means a wonderful man.
However,other students hold different opinions.They think that communication ability is more important.Here are reasons.Firstly,it is necessary for us to have outstanding communication ability,because we need to survive in the society.If not ,we can't achieve our dreams.Secondly,if we have good communication ability,we can talk with others more easily.Also,we will have more chance to build friendship with strangers.
As far as I am concerned ,not only is academic performance important,but also communication ability is useful.For one thing ,it is important that we realize the importance of academic performance.For another thing,with wonderful communication ability,we can know the society more clearly.To sum up ,only in this way ,can we have a wonderful university life!
In recent years, more and more lectures are being given on campus.
They are organized either by the departments or by the students unions with an aim to improve the students quality both mentally and academically.
These lectures are usually in series and on different topics, such as arts, life, economy, psychology and world issues.
Generally speaking, the advantages of good lectures are various.
First they broaden the students knowledge horizon and cultivate interest in different fields.
Second, they make the life of the students colorful and enjoyable.
With these merits, lectures are just complementary and subordinate to our school work.
If students spend too much time attending lectures, their regular study will be affected and disturbed.
So, in my opinion, the students should, on the one hand, do their class work and homework well first, on the other hand, set as more time as possible to attend good lectures which are helpful to our life and study.
Some of us think that it is better to see film than to read the original work.
Beacuse saving time reading than watching movies.
And cinema is very interesting.
What's more it is easy to understand.
Others think that read the original is better than cinema.
Because the book is not only a lot of details and many beautiful language.
As far as I am concerned, raed the original better.
Because you can read the original to make your visionary, there is more room for imagine.
Therefore, we should read the originals.
Everyone should more or less take some responsibilities for themselves or for society.As to celebrities,they bear more responsibilities for themselves and for society in that they often are the models of many people and have a strong impact on most of people.
Famous people should be responsible for themselves.Many people consider some famous people as their idols and imitate what they do.If the famous people behave well,the people who take them as idols,or their fans,will do what they do and also behave well.For example,one Chinese famous actor named Chenglong donated a large amount of money during the Wenchuan earthquake to the disaster area.Just after that,the amount of donating money increased dramatically in a short time.The research indicated that many of Chenglong's fans made great contributions.On the other hand,if famous people behave badly,it can bring much negative effect on the ordinary people.For instance,some film stars often speak ill of others while they may have a good performance or sing well.In a sense,they should take the responsibility for some teenagers speaking ill of others.Famous people's behaviors are more than their own things,so they should be responsible for themselves.
Famous people should show the responsibilities for society.Famous people often appear on TV and his words and behavivors can produce large effect on the whole society.When famous people make a decision,they should take the influence of their decision into account.They should lead people to a modern and civilized society.For instance,the public service advertisements that they take part in are good way to tell people,especially children and teenage what they should do and cultivate their good behivors at the beginning of their life.
Overrall,famous people play a significant role in the society.Only they shoulder more responsibilities for themselves and society ,is the society able to develop healthily and quickly.
As college students, are all keeping mental health.Because, maintain mental health, can let our rapid growth in terms of interpersonal communication,In our favor and harmless.Such as, when we meet with difficulties and setbacks will need stable state of mind, have good psychological quality and smooth state of mind, learn to adjust itself.So, how do we do to have a good heart.First, we should start from their own, have good ideological and moral, noble moral character.Second, strengthen physical exercise, because sports is a kind of spiritual and moral character, can exercise our strong in the heart of the world, to sports to infect our weak heart.Third, we must learn to communicate with people, only not to contact, can further reflect our heart is strong enough.Third, the close nature, noble minds, noble moral character.
Fourth, to have confidence in myself.So, have a good state of mind, is good for everything we do.In contemporary society, we should have a good heart, let's foothold in the societ.
When I was little I often imagined my future.
Now, I am finding an answer for this.
On working, I hope that I will be a CEO of an international company.
And I will get well with my pupils as family.
Besides, I will often hold parties to encourage my workers.
About studying, whatever busy I will be, I will make sure that I read two-hour book every day.
There will be a reading room in my house.
The most important is about my life.
I will buy a big house which with a big garden, then I will live in it with them.
I will take exercises everyday morning.
LATELY, the Sun has been behaving a bit strangely.
In 2008 and 2009, it showed the least surface activity in nearly a century.
Solar flare activity stopped cold and weeks and months went by without any sunspots, or areas of intense magnetism.
Quiet spells are normal for the Sun, but researchers alive today had never seen anything like that two-year hibernation.
Now that the Sun is approaching the peak of its magnetic cycle, when solar storms - blasts of electrically charged magnetic clouds - are most likely to occur, no one can predict how it will behave.
Luckily, policy makers are paying attention to space weather.
And just last week, the United Nations pledged to upgrade its space weather forecasts.
But most people have never heard of space weather, which is a problem, because both high and low solar activity have serious effects on life on Earth.
Modern society depends on a variety of technologies that are susceptible to the extremes of space weather.
Spectacular explosions on the Sun's surface produce solar storms of intense magnetism and radiation.
These events can disrupt the operation of power grids, railway signaling, magnetic surveying and drilling for oil and gas.
Magnetic storms also heat the upper atmosphere, changing its density and composition and disrupting radio communications and GPS units.
The storms' charged particles can be a hazard to the health of astronauts and passengers on high altitude flights.
Severe storms in 1989 and 2003 caused blackouts in Canada and Sweden.
In 1859, a solar super storm sparked fires in telegraph offices.
Such storms are predicted every century or so, and perhaps we're overdue.
According to a 2008 National Academies report, a once-in-a-century solar storm could cause the financial damage of 20 Hurricane Katrinas.
A quiet Sun causes its own problems.
During the two-year quiet spell, our upper atmosphere, normally heated and inflated by the Sun's extreme ultraviolet radiation, cooled off and shrank.
This altered the propagation of GPS signals and slowed the rate of decay of space debris in low Earth orbit.
In addition, the cosmic rays that are normally pushed out to the fringes of the solar system by solar explosions instead surged around Earth, threatening astronauts and satellites with unusually high levels of radiation.
The more we know about solar activity, the better we can protect ourselves.
The Sun is surrounded by a fleet of spacecraft that can see sunspots forming, flares crackling and a solar storm about 30 minutes before it hits Earth.
NASA and the National Science Foundation have also developed sophisticated models to predict where solar storms will go once they leave the Sun, akin to National Weather Service programs that track hurricanes and tornadoes on Earth.
Thanks to these sentries, it is increasingly difficult for the Sun to take us by surprise.
If alerted, Internet server hubs, telecommunications centers and financial institutions can prepare for disruptions and power plant operators can disconnect transformers.
Consider the following: If anyone should be familiar with the risks of space weather, it's a pilot.
During solar storms, transpolar flights are routinely diverted because the storms can disrupt the planes' communications equipment.
The point of the story is to highlight how far the scientific community and the government have to go to raise awareness about space weather and its effects.
With the sun waking up, trans-Atlantic cooperation comes at just the right time.
Let us hope it is only the beginning of a worldwide effort to forecast and understand space weather.
Nowadays, the number of private cars in China has been increasing quickly.
Not only the drivers but also the riders are ignoring the traffic rules, leading to the heavy road traffic and accidents.
Because of ignoring traffic lights and other transports, some drivers and riders are involved in some avoidable accidents.
Not only do harm to themselves but also risk other lives.
First, making social rules and regulations is of great significance.
Only are the rules carried out, people can know and obey it.
From the rules, people can correct their bad habits and reduce the avoidable accidents.
Second, people's behaviour is of great important too.
We should improve our own quality and aware of obeying the rules.
We should also tell others not to break traffic regulations.
The more we do, the better the world is.
Now there is a hot topic about how to improve educational quality.
Many people hold that students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teachers.
Others, however ,insist the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
But I prefer to say yes to this topic, because it provides a good way for teachers to learn their disadvantages and improve the quality of teaching.
First of all, it's a good way for students to express their opinions about teachers and lectures.
From the expression, teachers can learn their advantages and disadvantages, which is important to improve their teaching skills.
Secondly, students have chance to make comments or criticism on teachers by doing questionnaires, which are questions and selections on the paper, ranging from teachers skills to homework arrangement.
Teachers can get much useful information from these questionnaires.
Finally, students will pay more attention during classes and to listen to lectures more regularly, since they will be asked to give their own opinions about what they have heard.
Above all, this phenomenon is a good access to students and teachers to build an equal relationship.
In other words, the second opinion does not hold water.
Making comments on teachers is a good way to improve educational quality.
Once in order to learn English well, I've been keep learning, but now I have lost interest in English.
know the importance of English, have CET-4 it was important for us, it not only affects our graduation, and affects our future career.
But, I really don't know how to learn English.
I want to also want to get the choices.
In order to English unremitting efforts, even though I don't like English, but in order to my own future, I won't give up.
I create the English study plan.First of all, remember the words, words is very important.
No matter what to learn, word is the key.
So I'll try to improve your vocabulary.
And then, I'll read some English every day about this article, or read some English movies.
Study, the most important still is raises the interest.
A foreign language is also such, it most important to learn English well or I will like English.
So, I will let him like English.
I believe I will succeed.
In the modern world,an increasing of number of people yearn for keeping fit, because a perfect physical quality enables us to enjoy our life.There are plenty of methods to keep healthy,physical health and mental health are two of the most crucial sections.
In the light of the statement of specialists,paying attention to balanced diet is the most straight way to keep good figure and there is no doubt that eating less food for losing weight is the worst form,because it would break the normal working of body.Exercising is accepted by people and it is true that playing sports is an effective way.
In the field of mental health,the enough time of rest is significant because the pressure of working or studying can reduce our health.Most importantly,it has been authenticated that being in a good mood is a positive side to keep body healthy.
To conclude,keeping fit is easy but should use proper ways.
From the above table,it can be seen that there are a lot of differences about income between American and Chinese students form the table.Fifty percent of the American students income comes from their parents,thirty-five percent comes from the scholarships and the rest comes from part-time jobs.While Ninety percent of Chinese students' income comes from their parents,scholarships and part-time each account for just five percent.
Three reasons are responsible for the phenomenon shown in the table.First of all,American students are more independent than Chinese students,American students are more likely to live on their own.Secondly, Country's customs play an important role in that.Chinese parents are more doting on their children.Last but not least,the students' individual motivation is also important.
From what we have seen above,we can safely draw the conclusion that with the development of our country,Chinese students will become independent and their will seek part-time jobs to learn more experience to prepare for their future job.Of course,I think American students will remain independent.
On the one hand ,many students abroad will choose to work oversea when motherland need the able teennager.
On the other hand, studying abroad can spread chinese culture.Not only make more and more plople knowledge chinese culture, but also come backadvanced techinques and ideas.In today's global economy, studying adroad help countries to communicate.
studying abroad can pupalar reason why was hightly concerned with educational system Therefore,I think the best that is student come back home when they learnned a large of knowledge .
I would choose the best between the pros and cons.
There was a discussion about where should animals live in in our class this week.
Forty percent students in our class believe that animals should live in the zoo.
Because if their live in the zoo, not only animals can be taken good care of, but people can enjoy lots kinds of animals as well.
But the rest of our class thought that living in the wild is better for animals than living in the zoo.
Animals like living in the wild and they can't do things which they like in the zoo is the reason.
In my opinion, it's important for animals to live in the wild.
First, animals can enjoy fresh air and freedom in the wild.
Second, nature is their homes.
Third, it can exercise their living skills.
Last but not least, they can keep in touch with other animals.And all of this is good for them.
Now, more and more people began to kill animals for making money.
This lets animals in danger.
We must stop people from doing this to help endangered animals.
When reading newspaper or surfing the Internet, we are often attracted by the news or reports about academic plagiarizing.
It is reported that a large number of researchers copy others' academic achievements directly and some students cheat when writing their papers.
There are, however, several demerits which never can we turn a blind eye to.
First and foremost, it goes without saying that this cheating behavior impairs the protection of intellectual property rights.
Secondly, it does great harm to the cultivation of qualified talents.
Dishonest graduates can hardly be trusted.
Even worse, students who cheat in academy will be punished.
In views of the seriousness of this problem, effective measures must be taken before things get worse.
First, it is essential that laws and regulations should be worked out and enforced stringently to prohibit cheating in academy.
Second, students and researchers should enhance their awareness of innovation.
With these measures taken, it is reasonable for us to believe that the problem will be solved in the near future.
With the development of china's economy, there is increasing the number of foreign immigrants.
For the foreigner having a happy life in china, now let me give you some tips.
After all, before you immigrate into china, what I suggested you are to read some book which is about chinese history culture, so as to have a good time in china.
And then, when you live in china, this is something what you need to learn.
The one thing is that wherever you go, just try to may yourself at home.
You can remember one thing that chinese is known for their hospitality.
The another is to be more optimistic, because everyone don't like to face a blue face.
You can make good friends with your neighbour, but you might have a language problem.
So learn some chinese before you immigrate into china.
You will feel the impact of culture chock.Unfortunately, there is one thing you can do which is to be silent.
You can't deeply understand the culture.
The important thing is food.
The food is different.
You know chinese usually has rice, you have the better be used to it.
Must pay attention to your health.
Eat something what you want.
That is all my tips.
I hope it can help you .
Chinese Spring Festival was hold in the end of the winter and the beginning of the spring.
During the Spring Festival, People usually have a long holiday.It about seven days.The whole families will have a big family get-together to eat dumplings on the eve of the Spring Festival for get good luck in the new year.Of course, fish, meat and other delicious food are also important.
People also use red lantern decorate a house and put on new clothes.
What's more,The children are looking forward to red envelope money, and they play the fireworks,When the night falls,dragon and lion dance and some other activities in CCTV will held in Spring Festival gala.
This is Chinese Spring Festval-a traditional festval.
My fovourite is hanmerst.
It has samll furry ears, short stocky legs, wide feet and a short tail,it is fat,But it is very Q.
It eats seeds, fruits and nuts.
Hanmerst it very lovely.
When you come into our house, there are one bedroom, a closet, a bathroom, a toilet, a kitchen and a living room.
Firstly, you will see a shoe shelf in the hall.
There are 3 layers of this shelf.On the first layer put little potting, on the second layer put books, on the third layer put albums.
In the left is the living room, there is a big TV cabinet against the wall.
In front of the TV is a nest with some cups, a teapot and a vase with lots of beautiful flowers.
A plant is on the right corner.
The sofa is opposite the TV, and there is a sofa table in front of the sofa.
Then you will see a table in the middle of the dinning room, and there are six chairs around it.
Beside the living room is the kitchen.
On the right of the kitchen, a side board and built-in kitchen is there.
After that you will see toilet which is in the middle of the kitchen and the bathroom.
It's small but clean.
I detect a big mirror hanging on the far wall.
A toilet is in the farthest corner.
Inside the bathroom, bathtub is just against the wall, there is a shower over the bathtub.
Next to the bathtub is wash-basin, and in the right-hand side is the towel-rail.
At last, along the hall to the right is the closet and bedroom.A queen-size bed with its woody headboard against the far wall.
The bedspread was a pink,and cream-colored print of rabbits scenes.
A lamp shaped like lantern was on the top of a nightstand to the left of the bed.
When I turn to leave the room.
I saw a big picture hanging on the wall which is the description of the flat.
My most unforgettable experience was travelling alone last summer holiday.
During the whole journey, I experienced many kinds of difficulties such as missed the stop and lost myself.
However, I learned a lot what you can't get from school.
Before the last summer holiday came, I had already made a plan of travelling alone.
At first, I confirmed the destination and chose The Ancient Town of Phoenix among so many beautiful sight spot of China.
The ancient town is located in the southwest of Hunan and Guizhou province neighborhood.
It has wonderful natural landscapes and famous sight spots, it attracts thousands of visitors every year.
Then I ranged a series of routes by train and by bus, and I was excited about the journey.
After prepared the necessities, I set out.
Unexpected, I missed the stop, Which I should had got off the train.
I fell into nervous and all at sea at that moment, it was the first time that I had got into trouble away home.
But I didn't cry, I got off the train at the nearest station and found the bus to Changsha.
When I arrived in Changsha was the second day, then I bought a ticket of going to Gishou because the ancient town is located in that city.
Finally, I arrived at the destination.
I was excited when I saw the beautiful landscape and the people who wore the clothes of the Miao nationality even though I was tired and experienced many hardships.
I believe that sunshine comes after the storm, the journey will be my best memory in my life.
What's more, it tells me that when you get into trouble you should face the difficulties bravely and you will find the way to get out of the trouble.
When we help others, it sometimes makes us get into trouble, but to share happiness with each other is the essence of helping.
Here is a story about that.
The story began with a young man walking on the pavement, who was kind of raunchy.
Abruptly, a flow of water from the building sprinkled him.
Before his leaving, he just looked up and put a basin with withered plant under the steam.
At the edge of the road, a vendor woman was endeavoring to lift up her barrow.
The man passed by, and helped to lift it silently.
When he was relishing his meal, there was a dog coming and watching him.
Again, with his sympathy, he fed the dog the only meat, which made the restaurateur shake his head.
Walking along the road, he found a girl and her mom begging for her education fund.
After a brief consideration, the young man donated all but scanty money, which made the grocer nearby shake his head.
At night, he put a handful of bananas to hang on the door of an old lady's house.
Then a new day began, the young man continued his benignity.
Day in and day out, there was nothing that changed until one day.
Surprisingly, when he wanted to donate to the dropout girl, he found the girl coming back from school and at the same time the shaking-head grocer was also shocked.
In addition, the withered plant grew frondent, with the dog following him as a partner, the vendor woman selling snacks to various customers, and the old lady sharing him a warm hug.
It seemed that he got nothing from his benignity, but we could see that, with his help tp others, he was not raunchy but rich, not sad but happy.
Just like the plant he put under the steam, which turned to be exuberant, happiness is the best gift of his benignity and sincerity.
The country that I'd like to travel around most is Switerland,a European develpoed country.
Switerland is situated in the centre of Europe,with a population of 7.5 million and covers an area of 41,000 square kilometres.Its capital is Berne and Geneva is a well-known city of it worldwide.It meets another four countries in four different directions.
A mountain range called the Alps attracts millions of visitors to Switerland from all over the world.The country's scenery is rather gorgeous and that's why it's called "the garden of the world".
What's more,Switerland is also a industrial country.Several industry such as the watch,chemical and food, are known to the whole world.
As my high school years were drawing to a close, I turned over and over again in my mind the question of whether I should go to college.Nowdays attending college means a lot to us.Amost everyone did their best to attend college.
But i did not know whether i would like to attend college or i just do as others do.At last i decided to attend college.
For one reason,as college life is the most important growth and mature decisive stage.We can not only learn something beneficial but also we can take part in all kinds of activities held by various unions.For another reason,college life benefit a lot to us,it is important to our all life and provide for all round development.The significant of university is not only to get a degree,more often,university can improve our personality.Besides,it is a necessary step to a good career.If only get the degree,can we find a good jib.So it is important and necessary to attend college.
Nowadays more and more foreign culture come to existence in China,therefore ,some people begin to worry about our own Chinese traditional culture.However the anxiety of being invaded in culture mustn't mislead us to prevent other culture's circulation in China.On the contrary,incorporating the good aspects of it and fusing it into our own culture is to be the way to extricate Chinese from the predicament.
As far as I'm concerned,in us Chinese's mind Chinese culture is always the most irreplaceable,so the essential problem is how we promote it, pushing it into a fashionable way .In some area,we really make it.Take the singer group "Feng huang chuan qi" as an example,they combine the popular elements and the Chinese style lyrics together ,making their songs a great hit both in China and overseas.
In modern times,we must do some changes not only to keep pace with the current of the word's development but also to preserve our own culture.Perhaps someday,all around the world will be dominated by our traditional culture.
Someone saying'Experience without learning is better than leearning without experirnce'.
I hold the opppsite view.
In my mind learning without exprrience better than experience without leatning.
A person with a lot of experience but have not learned, he can only rely on the subjective judgment rather than scientific judgement.
This will cause the judgement has the risk, resulting in unnecessary losses.Such humans will slowly lose competitiveness.
A person has enough knowledge he can gain experience in the future work and can be more adapt to the future work.
In China have a saying'Never too old to learn'.In this question,I think different people may have different idea.We can show our idea with each other.
thanks you for your interest of our fireworks and firecrackers.
We have much Fireworks and Firecrackers in our warehouse.
And we can produce a lot of Fireworks and Firecrackers.
We also have a great deal of production lines.
So you don't worry about we can't provide so much Fireworks and Firecrackers.
About the delivery date, we can delivery anytime as you well.
And the L/C is very good, we are like this.
Now the market situation is entirely in your favour.
At present, we are interested in extending our range and would give your a good price.
We look forward to your reply.
My dream university ,I think,is the university I am now studying in.Yes,Southeast University.
My dream Is not so great ,but I think it is practical.I am in the university I have ever dreamt.I feel very satisfified.
Southeast University is located in Nanjing.Its scenery is very beautiful.Not only its nature beauty but also the people in this university.I have found that in this University,the majority of activities is hold by classman.Everyone is kill for many many things.Study,we all know,is important.The others,such as your ability of communication ,your computer technology and so on.In this university,the ratio of male and female is 3:1.Making a girlfriend is so difficult,everyone need to be kill for it and struggle to make he is stronger or he won't make a good girlfriend in this university.
This university is major in building.I am just in this major.Before I entered university,everyone said that life in university is very relaxed,you have a lot of time to spent by yourself.But I found since I entered university,I am engaged everyday.I feel a little tired.I don't complain about itfor I think this is the real life I want to live.I think university is just like the battle of the dooms of East Han dynasty.If you want to succeed,you must be strong enough.Now Southeast University is aim to be one of the best university in the world.I believe that one day this university will make it.I really wish that society is just like university,then we won't bear a lot.No pressure,no pain,no thick.
Southeast University,I am proud of you.
Nowadays,our social developed rapidity,people communicated with others who come from every eare in the world is becoming more and more frequently.so social networking sites become very popular , in our daily life ,there are many social networking sites,we can register in this sites and communicate with others ,we can make friends with anyone by it.
one spread rumours in the sites to cheat communicator.
rld .So everyone should use the social networking site in a good way.
In recently years,blog has become very popular.More and more people,from celebrities to ordinary people,use blog to express their feelings and exchange their ideas with others.
Firstly,the universal Internet contributes to the popularity of blog.It is extremely convenient for people to record their thoughts on the Internet anytime and anywhere.Secondly,unlike the usual websites,the voice of Internet users can be easily paid attention to.But on blog,people would draw attention to others' opinion and declare their ideas.Thirdly,blog can protect people's privacy.As long as they don't disclose their true information,they cannot be known by others about their secrets.Fourthly,some people use blog following others,like their favorite stars.They feeling strange on blog so then they own their own blog.
However,blog has some problems.For one thing,the original logs are inadequate and the quality of logs must be improved.I believe that all of us want to read something wonderful in blog.For another,many blog contents are in a mess, and some even include unhealthy things.Although blog is a way for people to affirm their ideas with freedom,it may destroy the Internet environment that some people use a large amount of extreme remarks.And ie would mislead others' conception and performance.Therefore,there is still a long time for blog to become mature.
The Spring Festival is one of the most important festivals with a long history in China and it falls on the first day of the first lunar month.
Generally speaking, no matter how far away and how busy we are , we will try to go home from different places to have a good time.
My friends also came back from different schools or companies.
We talked about the interesting things that we saw or heard.
I saw their mature faces.
I felt the time was so fast.
We all grew up not the little boys or girls .
Everyone has their own road to go , learning or working.
Whatever we did, we were also good friends.
I should study hard for my future .
After graduating , I hope to find a good job to earn much money then let my parents have good life .
I also want to travel around the world .
The holiday was short .
My friends went away one by one .
I should also go to school to study .
Best wishes to us.
When you are learning English you will express habitual use their own language to explain what you mean, but English also has its own pronunciation and grammar.
You will find many mistakes.Of course, we need to talk.
And your teacher, classmates, relatives or friends.
If you have confidence can directly communicate with foreigners.
In your conversation, will gradually improve your English communication, and improve your English level.
Only more practice to improve the ability of your own.If one day,your English is very good.you would have more friends,in your mement of danger,you can get mere help,your friends will give you more than you than you thought possible opinions,suggestions.
Correct your English pronunciation, speak fluent English, improve your communication with others level.Good luck to you, you will be better tomorrow.
In university,students have more and more pocket money to cost,but they are careful with their money in daily life.So one of the universal issues that growing concern is that whether people should shop for sale.In my opinion,people who are shop for sales is not saving money.
On the one hand,many of shopping-center raised the price of goods and then says goods for sales.But if you know the thing's price before,you can find it is more expensive than before.In addition,cheap merchandise maybe no good for consumers,they don't have good quality.As we all know,cheap goods is not good,so I don't think shopping for sales is a smart way.
On the other hand,students frequently buy something they don't need.When they see something is on sale,they always want to buy it,because they think it cost less money than before.
In brief,buying things on sale is not a smart way,truly smart consumer will think about more quality than price when they tend to buy goods.Only in this way can we be a smart consumers.
Everbody are also have a person who they love most,so am I.Though she ia a bad temper,I still love her .She is my mother.
My mother is a person who has bad temper .
She sometimes also is very strict.
For example, It is sometimes very cold but I clothes wear little, she would be very severe said to me "hurriedly put on more clothes, or freeze you",and so on.
And it's similar to the many things.
Although she is tough, I know in her with her own ways to express love for me.
Therefore, I love her very much.
I must be in when I have the ability to take care of her.
Nowadays, people in growing numbers are beginning to use e-books.
And there is no denying that e-books have become hot products in the market.
Some companies manufacture e-books to meet the needs of people and earn benefits.
People always hold different views about the extensive use of e-books.Many people do not doubt that the e-book is superior to the traditional book,while others believe that the e-book can not take place of the traditional one.They think although people's lives have been dramatically changed over the last decades,it must be admitted that,some people still can not afford it.
As far as I am concerned, the e-book is a wise option.Firstly,it is very handy and easy to carry with.You can put it in your bag and open it whenever you want to start reading.Apparently,e-books are much lighter than traditional ones so they won't be a burden for you.
Secondly,e-books usually have a large storage and several functions.You can just download the books you are interested in from the Internet and then pour them into the e-book.There are a variety of choices,such as novels,poems,science fictions and comics.And the e-book can also be used as a dictionary or a mp3 player.Last but not least,e-books are considered to be environmental friendly.They won't contaminate the surroundings and they don't consume much resource of the nature.Along with the development of modern society,the widespread of the e-book is an inevitable result and there is no way to avoid it.
Nowadays,E-book is enjoying popularity.While some people think E-book has more advantages than disadvantages,others hold the opposite view,thinking it brings many problems.
As far as I'm concerned,compared to traditional books,e-books will definitely take the place of traditional books sooner or later,since e-books have quite a large number of advantages which traditional books are lack of.
First,e-books are more environmentally-friendly.Unlike traditional books,e-books only need a lap top,meaning that using e-books will save not only resources,but also space,which is pretty meaningful to our fast developing society.
Second,using e-books brings us lots of convenience.
Suppose we use e-books as textbooks,we don't need to check out the curriculum schedule every day to decide which books shall we put into school bags,not to mention that we'll never worry about carrying heavy traditional books.Apart from that,by mp3,mp4 and mobile phone,e-books can be read at anytime and anywhere.
Last but not least,using e-books is far cheaper than using traditional books,especially for us students who read quantities of books each year.
All in all,in my point of view,E-book will no doubt become a new trend and take the place of traditional books one day.
We all know that Duanwu Festival is our traditional Chinese festival,occurring on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month.
the Duanwu festival,also called the dragon boat festival,The festival is believed to have originated in ancient China .Today,several explanations exist many origins,however,the most popular one relates to the suicide of Qu Yuan ,QuYuan was a loyal and highly esteemed minister,who brought peace and prosperity to the state but ended up drowning himself in a river as a result of being vilified,where the local residents paddled boats out to retrieve his body and scare the fish away,	at mean time the residents are hoping that fishes ate the dumplings instead of Quyuan'body .Which is said to be the origin of the dragon boat festival.
Until today, as a celebration of the festival, the dragon boat racing is still practiced, especially in the southern provinces where there are many rivers and lakes,besides,for thousands of years ,the festival is also marked by eating "Zongzi "a dumpling made of glutinous rice and wrapped in reed leaves to add a special flavor, other customs are also observed, including putting healthy herbs in the front door and drinking realgar wine.Chinese people do like celebrating that festival.
Thanks to its recognition as a public holiday, the Dragon Boat Festival has been becoming more and more popularity and significance.
Although the essence of the festival might differ from the past, it still offers the observer a chance to have a glimpse of the rich Chinese cultural heritage.So we must great protect our tradition festival and great promote this cultural.
I had an ordinary summer vacation, everything was normal.
But there is only one thing I cannot forget.
It was a sunny day and hot too.
Everything is fine and I was going to go to the court.
When I got there nobody were playing.
So I played alone.
About 3 hours later, people started coming, but I still played alone.
At a moment, I heard somebody is calling me.
A group of people invited me to join them.
After several hours, finally I could played with some humans.
I was just in the corner, but that guy crossed 4 courts for calling me.
I couldn't decline it.
Then I joined them and played about an hour.
That was a nice day, I felt different.
I don't know how to express my feeling, but I was moved.
This makes that day be unforgettable to me.
People who suffer from AIDS feel lonely.Many people are afraid of people with AIDS,who are not willing to communicate with them.
Actually this is a kind of misunderstanding.People are safe to talk to share hands with AIDS,sit side by side,share a book,eat something on the same table,hug with AIDS.People with AIDS need more care and support to help them overcome the difficulties.Therefore,we should try to know with AIDS and help them to communicate with people.If we give AIDS love and warm,our society is going to be more caring and beautiful.
Today,with the development of the economy,our environment is becoming worse and worse.Face the problem,what can we do?
First,we can go to school by bike or on foot instead of by car.Through the way,not only can we take exercise,but reduce the pollution to the air.Second,we should use the cloth bags instead of plastic bags when we go to shopping,it can reduce the pollution.Third,we can plant more trees when we free to make the air more fresher.Of course,except this method,there still have many things we can do to lead a low-carbon life,such as don't use the paper cups,save the water and the energy,and so on.
Lead a low-carbon life,not only an attitude,but also a duty.Low-carbon life make our healthy,make our environment much cleaner.If everyone pay more attention to our environment,there will be less pollution and our life will be better.
With the rapid growth of society, college has become increasingly important in our daily life.
College not only providing a chance to study for me but also affected my life.
How college has affected my life.
I will give some example to show that how college has affected my life.
First and for most, I think a most important thing is that I have to build up a stronger ability of self-control in my college life.
Without parents at my side I must look after myself, no one tells me when to change my clothes, what to eat for meals.
All those things must be decided by myself.
Besides, I must learn to arrange my spare time, college life is different from middle school life.
I can choose the course which I am interested in and the teachers in colleges are totally different from those in middle schools.
They give me more spare time.
I must learn what should I do in space time in this situation.
In spare time I always did some part-time jobs and took part in mass organizations.
College school is society in miniature.
I learned a lot in college.
Finally, but my will not do well by myself, I lack experience, I can't control what will happen, so I must wisdom and careful to do all those choose.
In summary college life is not only colorful but also filled with challenge.
I learned a lot in college life.
As junior students, we are often asked to write research papers and argumentation is one of the most frequently used types of these papers.
In my opinion, argumentation in research writing means that the author should prove something or persuade others to accept some opinions by using a set of reasons and evidence.
From my perspective, excellent research writings must have three hallmarks at least.
The first is that the topic worths researching which means that the topic should be essential and keep up with the recent developments in this area.
The second is that the author can show his original ideas and views because that he finds out something different from the others.
And last but not least is that the research writing should follow the standard format, expressing the ideas clearly and fluently, using grammar correctly.
According to these three elements, I think that I am really not a good author who can master writing research papers.
It is a great pity to acknowledge that I read less in the past years of studying so that I always can not find a good topic to deal with.
My topics are either too nonsignificant or out of date, never in the swim.
And because of my lack of knowledge, I always have to rely on others' opinions, lacking in own thoughts.
So, although I can express my opinions clearly and follow the format, I still can't write good research papers.
Thus, I do think that I should read more and have an eye on the outside world.
Actually I don't have a clear idea of what to write till now.
But I am interested in the differences between American culture and Chinese culture, such as the differences on family education.
So, maybe, I will do researches in this area.
I think discussing world affairs in class is interesting.
And I do hope that I can get more information of the outside world to broaden my horizon in this class.
I think Keep your mind limber.
In addition to the fact that staying mentally active is emotionally rewarding, studies have shown that there is a correlation between mentally-challenging activities and a decreased risk of Alzheimer's.
Never stop learning, even if you feel like you're "past your prime.
Secondly,Keep their home environment harmonious, more than family communication, eliminate the contradiction between each other, is good at making friends, and more bosom friends say the truth.
Take the trouble to vent out.
Next ,As we know,it's inportant for us to have healthy eating habits.We should do enough exercise.And we should have enough vegetablesto keep healthy.Stay healthy on mental health is also very important.
Keep psychological health is very important ,should find the right method.
Last weekend I, representing my family, went to a party .
There were many beautiful lights and many different and interesting that I had never seen before.
I looking around curiously , then I found a boy dressed himself in a beast clothing and touched a woman's shoulder.
The woman stepped back appearing surprised and went dashing through the door.
We bursted into laughter and pretended angry to the boy .
After several minutes the woman came back frowned, pretending to be at ease, though.
The boy noticed that he made the woman lost face then he hugged and nodded at the woman.
Finally, they reached their hands out and shaked hands.
There is no denying that waste and extravagance have become more and more serious in many university campuses nowadays.Paper,bottles,and cans can be seen everywhere in the campus.Many students waste food just because they want to keep fit.The water is left running simply owing to their irresponsibility.As a chairman of the student union,I have the responsibility to call on all the students to create a green campus.
To create an environmental-friendly campus,we,as college students have lot's of things to do.On one hand,we should make full use of natural resources,for example,we should take second-hand text-books and paper into account.Some of them can be scratch paper,so that we can reduce much rubbish.Water and electricity is also vital,so we ought to use them when we actually need them.On the other hand,we should not only get into the habit of being thrift,but also enhance the awareness of college students that creating a green campus is significant to our life.Therefore,we can make signs or publish newspaper about energy saving.
Accrodingly,it is necessary for us to take effective steps.One thing is for sure:Our campus is our home.Creating a green campus is our duty.
People kill the elephant in order to get its ivory;People kill the tiger in order to get its fur;People kill the bear in order to get its paw-These mean that the wild animals will become less and less,and a problem come up,that is"if no business is no killing".I postulate that the answer is yes.
No business,no killing.Animals are a part of the natural world as well as human.We ought to keep the balance of the natural world and not to kill them for money.Many stars are invited to compose advertisements to call on the public protecting the wild animals .
They are friends of human beings .
Last few days , I saw the sour scene on TV .
The hunter was chasing after a tiger with a gun in his hand , at last the tiger was exhausted and died in the gun .
Back to think , if we don't need the fur of tiger , it will be not in the dust .
No business , no killing .
First we must perfect the consciousness of protecting the animal .
Only we have the realization in our mind , can we put it into action .
Second , we should think the animal more .
Many people think of themselves only and put their own gain into the first position , which make the animals in danger .
Third , our country should issue a serious of laws to protect the wild animal .
The most essential , protect the animals from me , from now .
No business , no killing .
Nowadays , some animals are en-dangerous , like pandas and tigers .
As the ad saying " no business , no killing " , so we have to stop trading animals .
When I saw " animal world " on TV , I thought it's extremely interesting .
People should be in harmony with animals .
Only thus , can we keep the balance of the natural world .
Fishes will die without water,plants will die without sunshine,we will die without air.If our natural world doesn't have the animals,what should it be?So no business,no killing.
Dear Peter, I am glad to hear from you as well as I will tell you something about the Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival in China,just like the Christmas in the west.
Itl usually happens in January or February.
We have 7 days off for the holiday and we also have many festival activities.
On Spring festival eve,every family gets together to celebrate although someone is busy.
We watch a special TV programme and have a big traditional dinner with jiaozi,fish,chicken and so on.
We don't sleep until the second day.
As soon as it's 12 o'clock,we usually set off fireworks to celebrate.
Most of children love it that I suggest you have a try.
Then,on the first day of Spring Festival people always get up early to visit their family members or do something else.
I think the Spring Festival is a time for us to say goodbye to the old year and to welcome the new year.
Suburban life is becoming a fashion in many cities due to the serious pollution of the cities.The rich or those who enjoy the free will to do so.
The advantage of living in the suburban is obvious:living in the suburban is suitable for fear of noisy people.And if you living in the suburban,you will get more than you give,also you can make a lot of friendly friends there.Of course,suburban life have some disadvantages:such as going out inconvenience and so on.
There is no doubt that,choose the suburban life is wise,because of there you can see the blue sky,green trees,colorful flowers,clean rivers,free flying birds and so on.So,I prefer suburban life.
Since I watched the movie, as the mother of the boy, Mrs. Gump has left a deep impression on my mind.
In spite of her son with braces on his legs, she never let others look down upon his son.
Teaching his son to be confident, the mother explained things in all kinds of ways so that his son could understand them.
Although the family was supported only by the mother, she succeeded in earning money by renting many houses left by the dead relative, from which a smart lady emerged in my eyes.
What's more, I admired her a lot when she insisted on his boy receiving the finest education in a progressive school.
Although his son's IQ was below the minimum IQ, which could not meet the requirement of the state, she argued with the leader that her son was not different and he must get the same education as everyone else.
In fact, the legs of the son were really a little disabled, which may influence his IQ and characteristic.
With few words, he knew his condition, but he could not change his stubborn mother's decision, which made him in low spirits.
As far as I'm concerned, he had better transform into optimistic attitude.
He would be outstanding if he tried his best to do as others.
Thus others would treat him equally and he would live a happy life.
As the saying goes, where there is a will, there is a way.
From the movie I realized that though one had drawback physically, if he made more efforts with a strong will, he would achieve his goal eventually.
In addition, it is sensible for parents to foster their children in a reasonable way rather than spoiling children blindly.
I'm L. When I was growing up, a lot of people helped me.
My father often helped me so he is my hero.
My father not only kind but also very helpful,he often helps me when I have difficult.
He was very careful to help me.
He could do anything for me.
When I am sad, he will help me.
But In study.
He is strict with me,and he will check my homework if my results not good.
He will talk with me.
I know she is strict with me because he loves me.
My father is my hero,I learn her strong will.
I love him.
In my heart,he is the real hero.
I'm LiHua from Chenguang High School's Students Union.In order to have our English listening and speaking sklls improved as well as foster a habit of reading ,we get together and join in the meaningful competition with a passion to tap our potential and show ourselves to whoever loves English.With our efforts,an active language learning atmosphere will be built up.
However,there are several points should be paid attention to.For example, all speeches should be limited to 5 minutes.Fluency in English and correctly pronunciation is needed,too.It's better for the competitors to behave well and wear formal dress.
Wish the activity enjoy great success.
Today, with the rapid growth of the economy, people have produced a variety of junk, some waste can be degraded while others not.
For our comfortable environment, waste sorting is a must.
Waste sorting has become an essential part of life.
Waste sorting is very important.
Firstly, it can beautify the city.
Generally, we will put the garbage into garbage tank, if we don't classify it, some lighter garbage (such as plastic bags, waste paper) would fly away anywhere, it would affect our city's clean and beautiful.
Secondly, it can reduce the area.
In China, most of the garbage disposal method is in a traditional way of piled up in landfill, just like the difficult decomposition of garbage, they buried hundreds or even thousands of years won't break down, so it is necessary to waste sorting.
Thirdly, some garbage can recycle.
We know, 1500 tons of waste paper recycling, it can produce 1200 tons of new paper, it makes trash into treasure.
In a word, waste classification is both vital and necessary to environmental protection as well as our life.
From my perspective,as a college student, we should promote and encourage people to do, also we must do it.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First,as English become international language every one need learn English ,so we can communicate with foreign people.Second,study Englishcan help us know more about other countries,so ,we can get more knowledge.
Third ,study English can help us to get our job more easy ,every company want its staff members are competent.
So ,study english is very important to every student ,so I study English.
Our school has many room.
Such as classroom,reading-room,playground and office.
My favourite place at the school is reading-room.
I like reading-room because there is bright and quiet.
And nobady talking there.
I can have a good place for my reading.
If i want to relax for a while,i usually go to there.
And reading can help me inprove my reading level,increase my knowledge.
On a sunny day,what would you do?Read a book or sulf the Internet?If you choose the first one.Where did that book from?You brought it or just borrowed.There are some people say that one will not read a book unless it is borrowed.Personally,I do not coincide with that opinion.
On the one hand,we can save the book that we have brought.Then we can read them whenever we intend to read it.Sometimes,you may feel it was waste money to buy books.I do not think you need to worried about that.You can give your children an atmosphere of read.It will be worth doing and so many families did it.At the same time,they have their own room for study in their house and the have a lot of books.We can appreciate it during our free time.It will be comfortable.So it means that people will read even though the book was not borrowed.
On the other hand,I think we can take some notes in our books.However,if the book was borrowed,we cannot do it.As for me,taking some notes in my book will support me recognize the implication of book better.And I will feel more familiar with the book that has so many notes.
Taking into consideration all the above-mentioned,we may safely come to the conclusion that people will read book whether it is borrowed or not.The old saying goes:The book has its own gold room and the book has its own Yanruyu.I desire we can read and can find our own beauty in the book.
Which one is important for you .
this is a interesting topic .
so i think book and personal experience they are all important to me .
some time you need the book information , and some time you need the personal experience.
when you play a game you kill a enemy.
this time you don not need the book information.
you need the person experience to kill the enemy.
because this will be faster and faster to help you to kill the to target .
but when you repair something.the person experience is not more to help you .
so you need the book information .because it can make you know more an more .
The person experience can make you do something faster.
like drive a car .
you can use the person experience to chose a faster line .
this one the book can no t tell you .
The book can tell a lot of information to you .
like the life , like the nature.
you can use the book know every thing you what to know .
so i think no book no personal experience .
no personal experience no book.
Hainan is my first trip.I went there when I was twelve years old and I went there by plane with my family.
We have visited the famous places in Hainan.The mountains in Hainan are so beautiful and magnificent and the sea is clear.When I saw the sea,I was so excied that can't wait to swim in the sea.
The weather is warm that I felt comfortable and please.
coconut.Hainan famous for the fruits because most of them taste good.
I had a good time in Hainan.And I'm looking forward to visiting again.
our true emotion.
is born of beauty in the distance,so ture maybe is illusion .Internet is so virtual that I dare to trust ture love is exist in it.
I do not think there is only one answer to this important question.Because a good teacher shold be lively energetic,patient and enthusiastic.
However there are some things that a good teacher must do well.On the one hand,a good teacher shold very patient and enthasiastic to,their students.In other words a good thacher must do it because today teenage are only-child so they are squeamish,wayward znd diszbedient .Also he or she should plan her lesson carefully and mustexplain thingsclearly if she want to be a good teacher.If not the students must have problem when they leam their subjects.On the other problems the teacher should love the students.
Become a good teacher is not very easy if they do not hardworking.
The sharing economy refers to a king of economic pattern in which people share access to resources, such as goods, services and data.
This newly emerging trend would be impossible without the development of technology.
It is the Internet that makes the sharing cheaper and easier and helps to keep a balance between supply and demand.
Time magazine has listed the sharing economy as one of the "10 ideas that will change the world".
As far as the comment is concerned, I cannot agree with Time more.
As one of the greatest benefits of the digital age, the sharing economy arises from our oldest instinct as human beings.
There is always an urge for us to connect with others, especially in an era when families are scattered and we do not really know the people who live nearby.
However, in my opinion, the resources shared with others are more beneficial to our society.
For one thing, sharing economy leads to a more efficient use of resources.
Some items are expensive to buy but widely owned by people who do not make the best use of them.
Occasional sharing may provide extra income for the owners and can be less costly for the borrowers.
If managed well, a win-win situation is achieved for both parties in the process.
Besides, sharing economy contributes to environmental protection.
Take accommodation for example.
The more hotels are built, the more resources are required, which might in turn result in a decrease in arable land and public green space.
For another, the transaction cost is reduced due to the use of Internet and various apps.
With a smart phone in your hand, it is not difficult to find a potential host in the neighboring area.
People are meeting increasingly on screens, discussing online and purchasing goods domestic and overseas, paying through Internet payment system.
In a word, although the sharing economy is not perfect at present because of concerns in insurance, legal liability, safety and the like, I believe, quite firmly, that it represents the future trend and has the power to change the world for the convenience and flexibility it brings to us.
Just as the old Chinese saying goes, the defects cannot obscure the virtues of a splendid jade, and I assume it also applies to the sharing economy.
The earth has not changed,and the living space is limited,but the population is becoming more and more,Our world is now overcrowded.Together with the phenomena are a lot of problems,which are attracting more and more attention.
Let me illustrate.To begin with,one of the problems is the traffic jam.Morepeople means more private cars.As we can see in Beijing,if you want to go somewhere,it will cost you hours waiting on the road.That is really a waste of time.Another one,large population makes the earth beyond the load.There are not enough food and drinking water for people,so the number of the refugee is becoming bigger.In addition,the environmental pollution is even really serious,As we all know,the environment is closely linked with people's health.
The problems caused by overcrowding is serious,but it doesn't mean it can't be solved.In fact,we have done something positive.To the traffic jam,we can limit the private car buying,and encourage people to go out by public transport.To the second problem,the government advocates a family planning program to limit the population.To the last,global environment protection consciousness has become popular.
There is only one earth,the earth is our common home.We have a responsibility to start from little bit to protect her.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.With the development of times,our living standard has rised.There is a great increase in population.People bring many issues of environment.Overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.It reduces available resources.People's cutting forests makes land desertification.What's more,many people don't have access to safe drinking water for lack of water resources.The air pollution is also very serious because of waste gas produced by factories and cars.
Facing such serious environmental problems,to solve them,we must take action to protect the environment.We can plant trees or grass to make air fresher.It's a good idea to ride a bicycle instead of driving cars.In addition,we should find alternative energy and persist in the course of sustainable development.
The environment really needs to be protected because if the habitat becomes worse and worse,then no people,plants or animals will be able to survive.
Age clouded my memories.Ihave forgotten when I had started to dream about my future life.But the perfect future life is lingering in my deep mind ,enduringly.
I have been dreaming of having beautiful house,it won't require to bebig,but it should be warm enogh.my husband and me are the owmer of the house.There is a land window to watch to watch the scenery of the outside,and in front of the window ,we will set up a swaychair,when sunrise or sunset,we sit side by side,looking the beautiful scenery.When holiday falls on the rainy day,we can enjoy the rain dancing on the mist.
It will be more wonderful if our house hided in the forests,if so,we can indulge us in the snow world in the winter.
My perfect life ,of couse,including my work,I wish my husband and me both have a free job,it not means unsteady,it should be plastic in time and place to savor our life more happily.And I wish we can earn enough money to privide for our expand.I don't like do chores,bue if my husband do it toghether with me,I will do my best to make our home clean.In my perfect future life,the most important thing is a better husband.He don't need to be handsome ,but he must to be turely man who I can talk out my heart to him.We can confide each other,and no matter what happends,both of us stand by each other,forever.
my perfect life in the future don't have to experience the strong wind and waves.
maybe it ordinary, maybe it lack the passion.
nevertheless.
we have love, we keep the truly heart.
we will live happily.
life seldom gives us what we want, although my perfect life will not come true, but i still dream of it everyday and night.
It was a busy day which was the New Years'day.
But I felt very happy.
Because it was a day which could make a family get together.
So did I.
We got up early in this day.
Firstly, my mother cooked a lot of delicious food.
We began to make dumplings.
My mother taught me how to make dumplings.
It took me much time to learn it.
Finally I succeed in making dumplings .
I was so excited and happy.
After we ate dumplings, we began to play fireworks.
What a beautiful night.
I also received lots of messages from my friends and classmates.
I felt that I was a lucky dog.
Because i have them who liked my families.
This was my happiness time of the winter holiday.
I didn't forget the day.
As for me,life in university is pretty interesting.I especially enjoy the time chatting and playing with my roommates in dorm.In addition,I can also go to the library to read some books and do a lot of exercise with friends after school.
Nowadays, it becomes topic about helping strangers.
Some people think that help strangers is a virtue,we are from childhood education to ready to help others.
Someone is thought to help a stranger will give yourself in trouble and danger.Because sometimes see things in the news.For example, a good intention person to help the stranger that fell down, but a stranger to the man claim medical bills.Many of these things have happened,it makes fewer and fewer people ready to help others.This kind of thing is not right.When will they have a need to help others,other people won't help them.
I think we should help strangers who have difficult, when we have the ability to help a stranger.Or I will heart uncomfortable.It is too cold,we should help each other.
A year has four seasons:spring,summer,autumn and winter.Here I want to say spring and autumn.Spring is the first season of a year and a transition season between winter and summer.Everything begins to grow in spring.Flowers bloom and grass grows.Farmers sow the seeds in spring.In a word,spring is filled with green,warm,hope and happiness.Autumn is the third season of a year and a transition season between summer and winter.Everything fades in autumn.Leaves fall and flowers wither.However,to farmers,it's a harvest season.They are busy harvesting.All in all,autumn is filled with yellow,cool,harvest and happiness.
When we study in this college ,we will have 4 years college life ,in the last time we should building our harmonious dormitory life rich.
Because every day we have more time in the dormitory.
Sometimes we will have speaking,because;we come from different family ,have different life culture ,eat food different ,so we should forget each other .
The dormitory students often throws our dormitory very dirty,because they have a bad habits,make our dormitory often very dirty,no good feeling to study.So we must try to get rid of our dirty habits.
We have different friends ,play games or play ball ,a someone go to shopping ,in this time,the dormitory student are alone ,so we should share our good friends to each other.
We should have a dormitory party every month ,improve our friendly .
Every morning we should go to class,can be improve our friendly ,and often eat food with each other.
In a world ,we should try our best to building a harmonious dormitory life,happy our college 4 years life ,every one have good study and good life.
Nowadays, there appears a phenomenon that the western customs are spreading into the east countries step by step, thus making many inhabitants who live in big cities enjoy themselves on these western festivals such as Christmas Day, April Fool's Day, etc.
Such phenomenon shows us that the world people are getting close gradually and the world is becoming smaller and smaller as well.
Therefore, in my opinion, it's a normal phenomenon s well as a necessary trend.
First of all, it shows that we Chinese have become much opener rather than clinging to some very old customs, which are opposite our living.
Looking back on the history, we can find the answer to why our China was very poor and weak in the 1800's.
Yes, the answer is that we closed ourselves not to let other countries know about us, and this led us to a very hard road on which we suffered many wars that many European countries launched.
So I think it is more than necessary to accept other customs instead of closing ourselves.
Of course, festivals are just the beginning.
What's more, the Open and Reform Policy results in this.
So I want to say it is a great achievement for the policy.
Since we took the policy into practice, our country is developing with a rapid speed.
No doubt it is an essential trend.
Last but not the least, we may get closer and closer not only to our home friends but also to many foreigners.
We can never feel embarrassed for not knowing the other's customs and manners.
And more misunderstandings can be avoided as well.
To sum up, the trend has its great advantage to a certain extent.
However, if we admire the western customs too much, it will be a disadvantage because China is our own country, all of us should enjoy a patriotic heart.
Wish in the near future, we can see the situation that westerners are enjoying themselves on the Spring Festival.
For reading, different people have different idea.
Some people think that reading is an interesting thing.
It can make them relax and get happy, especially, they feel unhappy and aline.
So they like reading.
Other people think that reading is a waste of time and a very boring thing, thus when they saw, they feel sleepy.
As far as I am concerned, I like reading.
The reason follows:Firstly, I think books are human's good friends.
Secondly, reading is a process of learning and can make me learn more about life.
Thirty, I think that reading can improve my ability, it can me make friends.
What the most important is that reading can make me progress.
Thus I like reading.
As an old saying goes, The book is the ladder of human progress.
Books play an important role in our life, we should read more books.
Only in this way, can we change ourselves, let's become more outstanding.
I am going to talk to you about being a good listener.
Listening is an essential part of communication by which the speaker will feel better than holding it in heart.
Being a good listener can promote better understanding among people.
Not only does it mean showing respect for others, but also it helps you get along well with people.
For example, parents are supposed to be a listener to their children in that through listening, they will understand that children have their own trouble and they need time and room to overcome it.
Then they may be able to narrow the generation gap between them.
It is the same as the teacher and students.
If the teacher can be a good listener to students and meet their needs, then many conflict between them will be removed.
Students should be a good listener to their classmates too, for it can promote the friendship and then they are able to help each other to make progress together.
In despite of being a good listener is very simple, it has some requirements.
First, you should concentrate on what the speaker is talking about.
Then the speaker will open his heart to you.
Second, unless you have some suggestions, don't interrupt his talking.
Last but not least, do make a promise that you will not tell anyone else what the speaker has told you.
You should take your responsibility to keep your word.
In my opinion, listening is a learned skill and takes time to cultivate.
Being a good listener is beneficial to many people.
So, let's be a good listener from now on.
Ideal is a splendid dream .It can lead you to success and make your deam come true.Now I'd like to share the ideal jobs of our group members with all of you.
You know,Li hua is a smart one in class.He never wears anything in the way out.Naturely,he wants to play a role of fashion designer.As everybody knows,he is senior to draw.He dreams of creating wonderful decorations with which you can be a shining star.
Chang Lili thought she may be a gardener.Sh is an out-going girl as we all love.She love plants,especially the lively and beautiful ones.Chang eagers to approach nature where is the original of the life and soal.So she wants to make the citg a better place just like nature.
Ma kai is fond of writing.As a result,he plans to be a writer,in which way he can share briliant story with others.Sun jun likes to cook green food.It's hard to be a good cooker,nonetheless that's what he like and the most important part in his life.
My dream is to become a film maker.Life is hard and cold while happy and relaxing.Flim is somthing we hunger for or we want to tell people.Dreams are awful,exciting and awesome.I wish I would share my life and dream with you.
Whatever is your dream,just embrace the present and dream your future.Remember:Everything is awesome.
College is broadly regarded as a bridge connecting the school life and the social life of a person.
my life.
thought its content was just a repetition of what I had learned in high school.
knowledge graved in my memory when there were assignments, expecting that it was the only answer.
However, it was not the case.
make the wrong decision, Chair Mao was responsible for it.
for their thinking without judging them.
and that a question could be analyzed from different perspectives.
tolerant to thoughts that are different from mine.
Years ago, I was a shy girl.
scare me to death.
I was so nervous, caring about the response the audience would have.
thought I screwed up, I would be depressed for a long time.
plenty of chances to deliver a speech.
My friends comforted me every time I had a representation.
Gradually, it occurred to me that I had made a fuss about it.
to be perfect, I could be more relaxed, which was important to my representation.
me realize that"I am not that important, and making mistakes is OK".
Two years' college life has affected me way too much.
different opinions without judging them arbitrarily in my life.
that I must conquer.
Though I am still shy, things are getting much better.
changes brought by college life.
Nowadays, an increasing number of young people insisted that as long as have a house will be happiness.
In my opinion, there is no direct relationship between houses and happiness.
I think if you ask thousands of time this question, you may get thousand of answers.
Because happiness varies from person to person in its meaning, even varies from time to time in one's whole life.
Some of them may feel happy if the have a health body, some of them may think happiness is related to money and some of them can feel happiness around them when they are with their family.
Whether a person is happy or not is mostly decided by his attitude towards life rather than the house.
Whoever you are, if you feel happiness, you really have a right attitude.
To be happy, I think there are three things we can do.
Firstly, we should try to understand that life is not easy at all to all of us.
Difficulties and pressure exist everywhere during our process of making a living.
It is unnecessary to complain about it and even become pessimistic.
Second, we need to be satisfied with what we have.
It's enough for us to be happy.
We should value the simpler things like our health and freedom, because real happiness is satisfaction from within.
Thirdly, we must realize happiness is a choice.
We decide if we want to be happy.
Happiness depends not on position but on disposition.
We can choose to be happy, satisfied and content.
As far as I am concerned, my happiness has nothing to do with the house.
I think a kind of happiness is catch one's heart,never be apart.
With a lover live a simple life, even if not have an own house can also feel happiness.
In a word, happiness lies in contentment.
We should be grateful for what we have, be happy and satisfied with our lives.
As the saying goes:reading is like travelling.Reading contributes greatly to people's success as well as happy life.
About 2 years have passed since I became a middle school student, that means,I have been together with my "new classmates" for two years.each of my classmates are active teenagers,and sunhaichun is the monitor of us.
I am able to say that if someone else sees her ,he can't imagine her as our monitor -----that's because of her special appearance.
She is not a tall girl-----in fact,she is nearly shorter.than any other in our class,and maybe her arm is longer than her leg.
But the most strange of her look is her hair.it looks like normal,but it is always upright!Each time its shape will make us happy.
Of course she also has some advantages.for example,her middle-size eyes are always bright,and her lovely smile is the most famous in our grade.
To be a good monitor of our class,especially that most of us are naughty,sunhaichun does her job wonderfully.she is a happy and smart girl with hundreds of friends and good marks.she always thinks of others,and spends her privte time working for the class.she is not a serious monitor,sometimes she can also be crazy.maybe she is tired every ,but she never complains about everything.she only uses her big smile to help other be happy.I think she is pretty good.
Sunhaichun likes Japanese manga best.it has been part of her life,I think.
,I have been on watching it.
It's really good.
In a word,she is really a good person.
I wish that her special smile will last forever,and never be disappeared.
Nowadays there are more and more ways to get information and learn about so many things.However people have argument about the ways now as some people believe reading is the best while others insist that the experience is the most necessary.
The reason why people regard reading as most important is that so many people who are great said so.like the famous saying of Gorky,"Books are the ladder of human progress.
"However,from where I stand I think experience is also extremely important.
So thats all my view.While you focus on reading and try to grasp all the things by it,please realize its quite impossible.No matter what will happen in our lives.You never know till you have tried.
Recently, there has been an increasing awareness of the inadequacies of our education mode.
As we attach great importance to what we learn in classes and from books while neglecting the significance of things that we must learn outside the classroom.
Undoubtedly, we can get equipped with professional skills and acquire enormous theoretical knowledge from classes.
However, there is a lot of other things to learn outside the classroom.
The experience of my summer social practice awakens me to the necessity of learning how to apply our professional knowledge into practice.
When I worked in a foreign trade company, my boss asked me to make phone calls with foreign clients and translate a brochure of our products into English.
I recalled what I learned in my Oral English class and Translation class, then applied those skills into my work.
Lastly I accomplished my task pretty good.
In school, we always stay in contact with our classmates and teachers.
However, once we step into the society, we get exposed to all sorts of people.
So when we are out of the classroom, we must learn how to deal with different kinds of people.
I remember that one time I participated in a tree planting activity, and I was paired with a weird girl.
At first, I found it was difficult for us to find same topic of conversation.
Then when we learned how to plant a tree correctly, we both put our hearts into it and found we both loved green and nature.
Lastly, we became good friends after this activity.
Through this experience, I developed a better understanding of how to handle human relationship tactfully.
Obviously, if we are to fit in the society better, there are more things outside the classroom for us to learn.
As college students, we must have a clear recognition of the potential importance of those skills and knowledge outside the classroom.
In order to perform better in our future fierce social competition, we have to combine things we learn in and out of the classroom and be ready for any challenges.
My favourite book is written by J K Rowling the Harry Potter series.She was born in 1965,in England.Before she wrote this book,she was only an ordinary housewife in Britain,her only job was probably looking after the children,but this book changed her life.
I love this book because the characters of the book are very brave and clever and it was wonderful words to read.It's also very easy to understand it.
Now,the Harry Potter series was translated into 65 languages,and it made her become one of the best writers in the world.It was also made into 7 films in the world.
People all over the world be came a fan of Harry Potter,especially students.And I am a member of them.
Nowadays,with the popular of the internet ,people are becoming increasingly aware of the significance of the internet will not isolate us from one another.
When I surfing the Internet I will chat with my friends that I can't see.
We communicate a lot with each other.
Chatting in Internet is much cheaper than that in telephone and much more convenient than that in a letter.
I always write something in my blog so that my friends can know my situation immediately.
I also read their blogs frequently and I know what they are doing in those days and how does everything go.
I can congratulate them when they succeed.
If I was sad, they would try their best to make me happy.
In a word, wherever and whenever we are, we can get in touch with each other conveniently, just as well as we are still together.
On the other hand, we can also communicate with the people that we don't know on the Interenet.
We can make friends all over the world.Therefore,we should make full use of the internet and don't be addicted to the computer games,then it will not isolate us from one another.
Nowadays,more and more Chinese parents are very generous while educating children.
expensive an education is, the better it is.
education.
Even poor couples will buy a computer for their children.
But I think the best early education is usually very cheap.
Children's skills vary.
Most parents fail to realize though,what children lack today is self-respect and self-confidence.
I think the problem is that parents are only educating their children on how to take multiple choice tests and study well instead of the most important skills of being confident, happy and clever.
Parents can achieve this by teaching practical skills like cooking, sewing and other housework.
For example some old machines, such as a broken radio or TV set your child plays with will make him curious and arouse his interest.
He may spend hours looking at them, trying to fix them.
To my opinion these activities are not merely teaching a child to read a book, but rather to think, to use his mind.
And that is more important.Suitable for their own education is the best, not the most expensive.
we'll organize foreign language training for staff who can't speak foreign language.Because it's necessary for us to improve foreign language and receive a large number of overseas orders.We'll start our course on November 11th.Welcome!
I know how to make a good impression.
First of all,you must be on time.You'd better dress neatly.Secondly,when you with him/her,you must look at his/her eyes and listen to them carefully.Don't look around when you are listening.What's more,you should answer their questions honestly.If you are not sure about something ,you should say:"I will try my best to do it well"instead of "Sorry,I can't".When you leave,you should say goodbye to them and close the door behind you.
In this way,you can make a good impression.
A long time ago, a lady who was losing her hair worried about her hair.
In order to get her confidence back up, she tried many medicines, but none of them had a prominent effect.
However,her opportunity came.
One night she had a dream.
In the dream, a man gave her some plants which can cure her disease.
Inspiration by this dream, she went to pick the same plants in the wild, and tired these plants.
The amazing things happened.
Her hair became growing faster.
Then, an idea came into her mind.
She made these plants into a kind of drugs, and sold the manufactures as a commodity.
Because of the great results, a lot of people buy her drugs.
She earned a lot of money using this patent.
Last, her name was famous around the world.
Nowadays, with the developing of the Internet,we can get more and more convenience from Internet.
For many people,the Internet has become the main source of daily news.But I perfer to read newspapers.
For one thing,newspaper has a wide transmission range,it also chep.
You can see it in civilian, gpvernment office , street stalls, senior white-collar studio.
They are also to understand what happened today news.
For another,when the nespaper was published,its cannot be removed of the contents,convenient information storage.
But the information on the Internet once for some reason to be deleted or shielding can not find.
Last,newspaper can avoid trash information overflowing before it published.And,the paper on the health of people without harm,adoids the adverse effect of the computer radiation.However, the newspaper syill have a lot of weak point than network.
In conclusion,we can choose it according to our own condition or fancy.
For example,if you want know something in advance,you can chose network.
In a word,we can put the newspaper and network together to provide more convenice to our life.
I will give you some useful suggestions.
First, you can have Chinese class.
Chinese teacher is very friendly, if you encounter any problems, they'll help you at first.
Second, you can watch Chinese films or read Chinese magazine.
Third, it is helpful for you to sing Chinese songs, as we know, there is kinds of music, and you chose the music that you like.
Last, making Chinese friends, you can communicate with them.
In conclusion, I hope my advice will help you.
In addition, you can ask me questions any time.
Hold your dream fast and believe yourself.
An increasing number of men has transformed woodlands and prairies into farms and made lakes and reservoirs out of rivers for irrigation purposes or hydroelectric power.
Man has also modified the face of the earth by draining marshes and cutting through mountains to build roads and railways.
However, man's changes to the physical environment have not always had beneficial results.
Today, our earth has been extremely polluted, such as air pollution, water pollution, noise pollution and so on.
In recent years, the extreme weather becomes more and more frequent.
Winter gets colder and summer becomes hotter and it rains more frequently.All of these warn us that protecting the environment is a serious and emergent event.
As a student, I should build the sense of frugality in our daily life in the school.
I always turn off the lights in the classroom when I leave.
Both sides of the paper can be used if it is possible.
After school, I bear the consciousness of environment protection in mind.
In order to protect the forest I often refuse to use the paper cups and disposable chopsticks consciously.
I believe that individual contribution to the environment will build a more beautiful world.
I am Nancy and I am from China.
My hero is my father.
He is my hero because he helps me a lot when I am in trouble.
In my opinion,I think my father is helpful,although he is sometimes strict with me.
When I have some questions in homework,he can teach me how to answer the questions.when I feel sad,he is able to have a talk with me,and make me happy.
My father take us to go to the park at weekends when he have free time.however,he is for the most part busy with work every day.
He is a policeman and he is serious and responsible.
I can understand him and I Love him very much.
So,I think he is my hero.
I want to learn him to help more people and become a helpful person.
My mother is an excellent cook; she can cook many delicious foods, such as Kong Bao chicken, steamed whole fish, braised pork belly chunks, stir fried tomato and egg and so on.
Extremely, she is talent in tomato omelet.
In that I love eating tomato omelet best, I am extremely interested in the dish, and I ask my mother to show me how to cook it.
And now, I will teach those people who also love eating it but don't know how to cook the delicious food.
In the first place, we should prepare everything well.
In order to make the dish more delicious, we need some relishes, like green onion, oil, salt, sugar, and soy sauce besides tomato and eggs.
After that, we need to pick two or three mezzo tomato to wash well, cut them into pieces and put them into a bowl in order to spare.
Then we need to get eggs ready.
Beat two eggs in a blow with chopsticks or eggbeater; keep beating until the egg yolk and egg white mix together completely.
The final preparation we should do is the green onion.
Trim roots and ends form scallions and discard, then wash it well, dry with paper towel and cut crosswise into 3-inch pieces.
Slice pieces lengthwise as thinly as feasible.
Now, everything is ready except one crucial element _ cooking.
First, pour some oil into the skillet, which has been heated under high heat for a minute.
When the oil becomes hot, which we can know from putting our hands above the oil, we can pour the beaten egg into the skillet, and stir fry for 1 - 2 minutes.
Later, we can put it into a bowel for standby.
Then, add some oil to the hot skillet, pour the green onion into the skillet and stir fry it until we can smell the fragrant.
Until then, we can fry it with tomato.
After that, add the right amount of salt, sugar and soy sauce in one by one.
Finally, pour the egg which has been fried before into the skillet, mix and serve.
What's more, the greatest advantage of this dish is convenient.
I believe that all of us can cook it well, if we pay a little attention to it.
Being a college student for more than 2 years, I come to the full realization that college transforms young people into another person who they have never thought before and different from 20 years they have experienced.
They gradually realize that college is the prologue of the society.
Speaking from my own experience, during the last semester our department appealed us to be internship in the summer vocation.
It was a golden opportunity for us to experience the adult world, in which I gain new insights into the social life.
I was asked to translate a distributorship agreement into Chinese .
Never before had I translated such a normal article into Chinese.
I was very nervous about making mistakes so I asked my boss if there had some similar agreements that I could borrow from.
Although the boss said each agreement was individual which meant that I had to finish it on my own, I took the first step to be more active when solving the problem.
And it is our college which gave us chances to have a taste of social life and that is the key to be a useful social member.
All the teachers will recommend abundance of reference books to the students, hoping that they can cover them after class but teachers will never examine whether the students had really read the books.
There has been an increasing awareness of the importance of knowledge.
Another example is that also during the internship in a company.
The members of our department were talking about a situation that was very complicated.
And I soon realized that it was from the poem in Mu Lan Ci "Both buck and doe have a little gait And both their eyelids palpitate.
I knew the answer because I had read the reference books that my Chinese teacher recommends.
You may choose not read the reference books but the more you read, the more knowledgeable you will become.
And I reckon that all the reference books you have read will be relevant to your social life.
Since no college teachers would ask you to finish all the requests they have assigned and they are all busy with their personal affairs, they won't stop with decision if you don't want to.
In another word, resource favors the initiative mind.
College encourages students to be more independent to acquire the knowledge, which they could not obtain from the text books, by actively raising questions after classes and communicate with their teachers frequently.
This kind of quality will be more evident when college students step into the society.
Actually, God creates a just environment to all of the knowledge seekers.
If you want to be a useful member of society, you should learn to form a good habit of being active and read as much reference books as the teachers have mentioned.
And that is the secret that College turns young people into useful members of society.
Nowadays,compared with staying in the countryside,people prefer getting into the city.Some problems are appearing following it.
There are several problems which are clear.Firstly,it is more difficult for people to find a job in a big city.The situation of employment is becoming serious.Secondly,with the growth of the population,the crisis of lodgings is happening.The houses that people living are turning into smaller and the building price becoming more and more expensive.Thirdly,it leads to crowded.Alone with the traffic congestion,it is easier to bring about traffic accidents.
As far as I'm concerned,the government should take some policies to promote the rural economy.At the same time,giving some preferential policies to the people who choose living in the countryside to encourage them.
As we can see from the picture, the graduate can choice many different way to decide what he will do in the future.
Although more and more people graduate and less post support.
we can also choice different ways to continue.
there are so many ways for us to choice instead of dead in one way.But the graduate must choice the way think twice.
Many people may not quite agree with this and think that opportunity is so rare that only the luckiest people come across it.
So when people is faced with choices the next time, remember that using the mind a nd taking advantage of good opportunities will pave the way to success.
The sticky rice ball is a traditional food in Taiwan and it has a history for over hundreds years.
It is familiar with us, we can see rice sticky ball in some of our Chinese festivals.
It used to refer to the Lantern Festival and winter solstice.
It has a cute, round shape and it symbolizes family unity, completeness and happiness.
It is made of rice so I think the ingredient is also common in foreign country.
Not as blood cake and sticky tofu, the sticky rice ball is more easily to accepted by foreigners.
It also provides different choice to people that including sweet and savoury flavors.
It also brings some lucky words to the Chinese people, because the word in its name "yuan" means to come to perfection.
It reflects people's wish to make all living is smooth going and full of love.
Every year, Sticky rice ball brings new hopes to the people.
With its connotation of reunion, even the overseas Chinese will think of their relatives far away on those festive days.
They will never forget to eat the sticky rice ball and they also look forward to having a reunion with their family as soon as possible.
It is the best way to deliver their homesickness.
Although sticky rice ball is small and common, it hide an important implicate just like Chinese culture.
I think sticky rice ball is strongly enough to represent us and I am quite confident that it will satisfy the foreigners.
It is known to everyone that smoking is harmful to our health.
But we can see many people smoking on campus.and more and more teenerage start smoking .
Research conducted in many countries has indicated that smoking causes lung cancer, heart disease and various respiratory illnesses.
Some students think smoking is an emblem of the adults.
Responding to overwhelming medical evidence of the harmful effects of smoking, someone said they are loney ,smoking made them feel better.
But the most students's idea is that they feel boring.
others have conducted anti-smoking campaigns.In theatres,cinemas and some public places no smoking is often demanded .
As a students I know how important the healthy body to us.
Smoking is a mite hart our body.
when we want to smoking ,we should do something to instead it .like playing basketball,listenning music, or reading.
I said to my partners.
Every one looked stressed and searched for some information on the Internet apace.
This was the second day, but we still had little progress.
We were taking part in a physic competition which was held over the world.
Our task was to solve a complicated physic problem and write an essay and submit it before the dead line.
According to the rule, we had three days in all to finish the competition and each group consisted of three students.
We had never experienced the homogeneous competition before, so it was a great challenge to us.
In order to solve the problem systematically, we decided to collect the useful information on the Internet which was relevant to the problem.
It was a pretty heavy work, though, we had great momentum to do it.
I browsed the webpage over and over again, and hoped to make some breakthroughs.
As time went by, I felt that my eyes were little painful after concentrating on the screen for a long time.
But I could not stop in that the time was precious.
Unconsciously, the first day drew to an end, and we decided that we could sleep in turn so that we could ensure that there would always be someone working on the job, which could increase efficiency and save time.
During the first day, the most familiar sound that we could hear was the sound of clicking on the keyboards and mice.
To our depression, however, we found few things available.
The stress was gaining which made us feel that we were pressed under the huge rock.
We've made great efforts but the prospect was bleak.
Even so, none of us wanted to give up.
Every time we felt we were restless, we quickly calmed ourselves down and encouraged ourselves to stick to the end.
Frankly speaking, I was nearly driven mad, but due to my partners' expectation, I was willing to endure hardships.
Apart from collecting information, we kept discussing with each other to looking for a feasible solution.
Just during the argument about the essay written by a foreigner scholar, I caught a gleam of inspiration.
With a high bounce, I excitedly shared the idea with my partners.
And then, I could see the grins on their faces.
Through our rigorous demonstration, the idea proved to be right.
However, it was not the end and we still had much work to do.
After that, we couldn't wait to write down our findings.
During the next six hours, we forgot to have lunch and dinner.
In order to make the composing nicer, we revised the essay more than three times.
In this process, we cooperated with each other, though all of us were exhausted.
And with our insistence, we submitted the essay before the headline.
Just when we finished all the work, we had a great sense of achievement and we all felt relieved.
This experience made us know about the importance of team spirit.
In my opinion, what impressed me most was that the saying 'success is 99 percent perspiration and 1 percent inspiration' was authentic.
Tomorrow is the Double Ninth Festival.My classmates and I want to go to the nursing house.We all wang to do something for the elderly people.You know,the Double Ninth Festival is Chinese traditional festival.Now,we all want to invite you to go with us.I think it a meaningful festival.
We will meet at the school at 9'o clock.Then,We will go to the Yuan nursing home on walk.We want to make dumpling and cook for them.After eating lunch,we will play games with them and performing for them.We might go back home at 3'o clock.
If you want to go with us,please write back to me tonight.
My name is K.I have lots of habbits.I like reading,watching TV,playing with friends and listening to music.
After class,I often play with my classmate and help with teachers do some things.It's very busy.I usually talk about my life with my friends if I have free time.
This is my life.
At present, we can see some uncivilized behaviors in public place.For example, carving on the place of interest, running a red line and so on.Although some people say it doesn't hurt the important essentials, it makes most of passersby feel uncomfortable.
First of all, it may hurt historic things or your life.Second, it will make others feel uncomfortable.Third, it will se a dreadful example for our citizen.
In a word, we can't let these things go with the wind, we should take some measures to stop it.We can make the public service advertisements to appeal to citizen's public spirits to obey the civilized rules.When we see some uncivilized behavior, we can stop it bravely.We make every little effort can make this situation better.Let us do it!
Nowadays,the knowledge level of college students is higher and higher.However,it's a common phenomenon that so many college students lack of social practice.
very good to bance their mind and body.
As for me,my opinion is the same to above.Because college students have been adults approaching outside society and undertake more responsibility.So they should make their quality higher by taking part in social practice.
Variety is the spice of life expresses the idea that it is good to try and do different things or try to do things in different ways.
Everyone in the world want their life colorful, if your life is monotonous, my suggestion is to free yourself from rigid life and try some new experience.
In fact, there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
Many people's view towards variety is different.Some people think variety is not necessary to our life which should be so-so to has no taste lightly, they said that flat faint is true, is the background of life.
But other people believe that life will be meaningful if you try some new things such as make some new friends, travel to somewhere that you have nevre visited or learn some new skills.
In my opinion, we change our life because of hope, we all expected a colorful life, so variety is the spice of life, variety is very important, if one has not, he will become hopeless.
Every October 1st is the birthday of our motherland.
It belongs to all Chinese.
In order to remember this special day,we will have seven days off according to the law.
There are many people will choose to travel during this holiday.
So do I.
With the National day's coming, I have a one week holiday.
I really expect to it,because I want to have a short trip during these days.
I will travel to Shanxi Datong with my parents for three days.
I have heard that the scenery of Shangxi DAtong is very beautiful in autumn and it's the best time to travel there.
Autumn is my most favorite season so I want to enjoy the beauty of such a wonderful place.
I search the Internet to see the travel raiders and I know where the most attracting place is and where to live in.
I am sure it will be a wonderful journey.
Although the trip was short,I enjoyed myself and relaxed very much.
the mid autumn is a very important chinese festival .it falls on the 15th day of august.A few days of the festival .Every one in the family will help to make the house clean and beautiful.in the evening there will be a big family dinner.people who work far away their homes will try to come back .
after night talk together.and the children Will play their own Toy very happy.At the night.the moon will be very big than the other day .
Nowadays, the problems of intake expansion in chinese universities are becoming more and more serious.
There are more and more students drive their cars or motors in the campus so that the air quality is getting worse in the campus.
The students can't get the fresh air because of it.
And the campus roads has become more and more crowded that it will lead to a little traffic problem.
Because of it, people who live in the camps will have many inconvenient like getting outside or others.
It can't provide a good enviroment to the students' dating.
There is no denying that reading books online has been gaining popularity these years,an increasing number of people like e-books rather than paper books.Therefore,whether e-book will be a necessary in the future is becoming a heat debate.
I hold that e-book will influence our future .In the first place,computer,mobile phone have entered every households,so e-books have characteristics that in some ways supersede those of traditional books,being more flexible and accessible than paper books ever be.In the second place,most e-books on the Internet are free, but paper books require payment.Even though some e-books need payment,they are not expensive.What's more,when we are away from home,we don't have to carry on with a lumbersome paper book .
As every coin has two sides,e-book also has demerits.Many people remain a paper book devotee.Parents consider that lots of students are addicted in hypertext fiction, e-book has changed their passion of study,moreover ,reading e-book a lot can cause vision loss over time.
As far as I am concerned,the advantages of e-book outweigh its disadvantages.Whether we intend to read e-book or not,the convenience of e-book is obvious.we should learn how to draw on the advantages and avoid disadvantages rather than grumble its shortcoming.
Marrige is like a castle, castle to the outside people want to attack in , and castle to the people inside want to rush out.
As the same as the marriage, love is like transports, there are different ways that you can choose to get to the same destination.
Cybele love is also a new style of loving after the development of communications.
It can make us acquire new ways of making friends and make us get aces to more people.
As the same time, through making friends, maybe we can get a beautiful love.
However, as for cybele love, we should keep a cautious attitude.
After all, the Internet is a virtual world, we will meet kinds of people.
So, in order to keep us from being hurt, keep us be personal safty, it is necessary for us to keep alert and calm.
The Internet cannot conflict with the reality.
Just because of its virtual, we can easily get cheatd, such as cheating money or cheating look.
So we should not tell somebody else the true personel information easily.
In addition, we maybe come across someone who is very nice.
The people whom we can communicate our own feelings with each other.
Trough this kind of way, we can release our pressure of daily life that we can not revealed conveniently.
What's more, every one is a single person, we have our own thoughts.
As for me, I do not think we can find true love through cybele love, because the reality can give us a security, we do not have to worry about too much.
Cybel love is based on words communication, but we still feel weak though there is some feelings of love, it can not stand the test of true love.
After all, the marriage is based on the reality, we should think about the daily necessities.
Hoever, if we meet some nice net friends, it will need another matter.
How time flies, it's already been my forth year at university.
My college life is approaching to its ending.
But, I can still remember my very first time that I walked through the whole campus-exciting, curious and didn't know how I was going to do in the next four years.
However, it's going to be the ended.
