It is with great pleasure that I accept your offer to join Computers Corporation as a technical support.
during the interview I was convinced that I would be working with a successful team in a dynamic company,and i look forward to contributing to the team's efforts.
I appreciate the literature you sent on the company's insurance programs.Thanks also for offering to answer questions I may have concerning these benefits,when I report to you for orientation at 9:00 a.m on Monday,March 25.I appreciate your help in processing the employment papers and look forward to meeting you soon.In the meantime, feel free to call me at 100-5000-0000.
is exceedingly difficult.In contrast,in my opinions,the way to success always has a number of obstacles,which we never may face with.Thereforce,faced with difficulties ,we must have confidence to deal with them.
.The way to success is filled with many temptations.It is crucial for us to learn to refuse it .We should understand our parents because they want us to have a good future and live a comfortable life.
Being a successful man is our dream for everyone .We should intend to get through some obstacles.Being humble to accept kinds of suggestions.Coorperation is very important on the way to success.
If only we can persist , I believe that we have a possibility of being successful one day .
Everyone thinks time is very important.
time is money.
While time and tide wait for no man.
So, how should I plan my time.
At 7:00, I should read english and preview my lessons so that I know what are the important and difficult parts in the next class.
In the morning and afternoon, I should listening to the class and take notes.
In noon, I can finish some assignmetn and then, I can rest for some time.
at 18:00 and in the evening, I usually listening to the music and chanllenge some difficult math questions.
because it can increase my confidentce.
After 23:00, I will go asleep.
But on saturday, I can go to the library.
And I like learning some new knowledges.
Appropriate time plan is efficient to finish some works.
It can make my daily life full and regular.
Advertising is created with the selling.In old ages,people yelling to those shoppers to convince them buy their goods.If you have a nice voice and have a unique expression,those customers might pay more attention to your goods.This is a kind of effective economical methods.In this modern society,with the created of the media like radio,internet,TV peoples are making abundant ways of advertising.That is really convenient for people,the can just stay in their house but can know the whole specific about the product they tend to buy.
However,things are all have tow sides.There is no doubt that it saves peoples time,but we can't ignore those guys who have a bad ambition.What they only cares are their financial profit,their goods have bad quality and they don't offer after-sale service.Some shoppers who do not have a experience about shopping,especially those juveniles,they often be cheated by those bad businessman.
So,what we should do.Only we can do is not trust those businessman so easily,we should make our decision after compared with others goods.The government also have to take some massuers to those non-credit advertisement,and make more punishment rules to the advertising filed.
The Internet is bad for students' study.
Many children indulge in online games.
Because of online games, lots of kids neglect their studies and play it the whole day.
For example, my secondary school classmate who had good grades when we were Grade 7.
However, when we were Grade 8 students.
He fell in love with online games and always played it.
Sometimes, he truanted school and went to the Internet cafe.
His exams grades became worse and worse.
He from a good student to a very bad student because of the Internet.
So, the Internet is a bad thing for our studies.
Inthernet is bad for our health.
It can affect our physical health.
If you play computer games for a long time.
Your eyes will feel uncomfortable and form myopia.
And if you just stay in front of the screen don't move or do some other things.
You won't have enough exercises and become very fat.
Internet also can affect our mental health.
There are lots of filthy information on the Internet.
If children watch them.
It will make kids sexual precocity, and kids will neglect study and just think some bad things every day.
So, the Internet is a bad thing for our health.
The Internet is unsafety for most of the people.
There are many cheaters on the Internet.
They will swindle your money when you buy some things on the Internet.
It also has many hackers.
They might make your computer break when you download some programs.
Virus can ruin your computer and purloin much important information about yourself.
There are many countries that use Internet to steal our messages and overlook us.
Such as American CIA.
They usually use Internet to overlook us.
So, the Internet is a dangrous place.
Although many people love Internet and can't live it.
It's a very bad for us, particularly for our students.
My name is G. I am tidy.And my room is very tidy,too.Look,my black books and white tapes are on the bookcase.My green pencil is in my pencil box.And my pencil box is yellow and is in my schoolbag.My schoolbag is blue and black.Can you see?Yeah,it is under the sofa.My notebooks are on the desk.And my ruler and eraser are on the desk,too.I have a map from China.It is on the wall.It is big and nice.And I have a clock.It is on my desk.Because it can tell me the time.I love my room.
Feeling the university is beautiful when students study at the senior middle school.
But at present when many students into the university that they find the university true beautiful and there are many good students .So that they start have no confident .Because they think that anyone cant not do except study.
Such as play basketball ,play football ,swimming.
And so on.they will not.
I think people with no confidence in themselves will never succeed.
So I have some ways to in creasing confidence.
First, I think study is no1, As a student ,we should study hard at the university .
Second ,we should take part in every activities, Only in this way can we improve ourselves and renewed ourselves confident.
Third ,In order to improve confident we need to feel ourselves good at something.
In short,confident is important.
Many people like music and I am no exception.
There are many sorts of music, for instance, jazz, pop music, classical music, folk music, blues, and so on.
Each kind of music has its unique character.
Soft music is graceful, rock music full of power and energy, and classical music is solemn and holy.
Many well-educated people like classical music, such as the writer.
They like classical in that it can make them more creative.
When they immerse in the classical music, their brain will become active.
Classical music is a spring of inspiration for them.
People who know the background information of the classical music can feel the composer's true emotion and arouse their sympathy.
Pop music is pursued by many young especially by students.
They know the trendiest pop songs and the most popular singer in the world.
They can speak out all the album titles and the songs' names.
They buy each CD as long as it on sale.
They are almost mad about the pop music.
Frankly speaking, pop music does have a type of magic.
It can arouse people's Interest and relieve their passion inside.
Light music is very relaxing and comfortable.
After a day's tiring work, listening to some light music can make people refresh and feel at ease.
When people who suffer a blue day, turn on the record and let the light music's pleasant melody fill in the air, the home will become a small world.
This may help to pull out of the depression and regain his vigor.
Music is a miracle.
Music is penetrating deeply everywhere in our daily life.
No one can avoid being influenced by music.
Music is so important that life without music is like a severe winter without sunshine.
Music is our good lifetime companion.
It helps you ease stress from busy work and study, turn dull moments into delightful ones, relieve the tension from a blue day, and cheer you up when you are sad.
With the development of technology,more and more families buy comperters and more people use computers to chat.So it's easy for them to bring favor to each other on the Internet.There are different opinions about cyber love.someone agree cyber,the other one disagree.
In my opinion,I disagree cyber love.First,on the Internet,we can't know each other very much.He maybe a bad man in the reality,but on the Internet,he can pretend a gentleman,so you can't know what is really and what is false.After all,the Internet is virtual.Second,I think true love is based on the ups and downs of lovers in daily life.Therefore,on the Internet,we can't experience the ups and downs in our life,we can only pour our emotions on the Internet.The last but not least,the common saying say "distance produce beauty",but most people proved,long distance make the lovers' love become more and more light.At last,they had to part.Cyber love is also like it.Once he finds a lover in the reality,he will part with you at once.
Therefore,in order to make us happiness in the future,wo had better find a lover in the reality.
Almost all of high school students are eager to enter a university.
When they really become college students, some of them adjust themselves to the campus life very quickly and the others are not so lucky.
As we all known, the atmosphere of a university is relatively relax.
So you have more spare time.
What's more, there are many interesting courses in a university and there is always a course can attract you.
The more probably you arrange your time, the farther you will go.
Of course, setting a clear target is also an important thing that every college student should know.
Comparing to high school students, we are more independent both on life and thinking.
We should try to plan our college life well according to our target.
Be a diligent young man or young woman, and don't let the virus of laziness erode your heart.
In addition, self-discipline is a rather essential characteristic that a college student should have.
Indeed, how to control yourself is really a question because it differs from each individual.
However, you can try to do these as: Always keep a good mood, work and rest rules compliance and a reasonable diet.
We are very pleased to receive your order No.BD/123 for fireworks and firecrackers.
We accept the order and are enclosing you our Sales Confirmation No.321 in duplicate of which please countersign and return one copy to us for our file.We trust you will open the relative L/C at an early date.
You choose our company,so we will try our best to meet your requirement.As to the Items Fireworks and Firecrackers,we shall arrange delivery as soon as we get your L/C.
Hoping the goods will turn out to your entire satisfaction and we may have further order from you.
Health play more and more crucial role in our life.
However, In recent years food safety problems is ongoing concerns in our country.
An increasingly number of people drive to suburbs who pay more expensive price to buy less polluting vegetables and some fruit.
It is important that food safety problems have a bad influence on society.
For example "Shuang Hui" meat is detected harmful material.
What's more it affects our attitude towards life because we used to trust this brand.
Not only harmful our body and it also break our attitude towards life, illegal cooking oil and tainted milk.
On the one hand, When we choose the food in a supermarket, we should pay attention to the number of chemical additives, On the other hand, As little as feasible to the restaurant.
Besides, the most crucial thing is that we should have positive attitude towards life.
After the world war 2, it has aroused a drastic debate over whether America should throw atomic bomb in Japan.
Some people are in favor of that it is immoral to use atomic bomb to force Japan to surrender.
However, other people deem that it is reasonable to punish Japan with atomic bomb.
On my part, I think that it is reasonable to force Japan to surrender with atomic bomb.
Generally speaking, every war has two types: justice and unjustified.
In the world war 2, Japan and Germany are the trigger.
It is immoral to invade other countries to snatch land and resource.
Japan had invaded our China up to 8 years which had coursed huge damage.
They committed monstrous crimes in China which was never forgave.
Japan belonged to the unjustified side and they should pay for what they did.
Comparing with Nanking Massacre, it is just a small punishment.
In addition, at that time, Japanese government proposed militarism which was cruel and greedy.
And they had coursed great disaster to the whole world, especially to our China.
During the war, the battlefield was not in Japan, therefore, the Japanese did not suffer a lot except the soldier, while in the invaded countries, both the soldiers and people suffered a lot.
The atomic bomb is merely a response to Japan.
In addition, war is cruel.
But in the world war 2, the Japanese soldiers were indulged in militarism, they had lost their humanity.
They refused to surrender, and they did not feel guilty to what they did.
So we must do something.
Hiroshima as one part of Japan, what it suffered was suffered for their country.
Although Japan surrendered at last, militarism still existed.
What the world did was not enough.
We should eradicate militarism at that time.
But until today, the militarism on Japan is still very arrogant which is an evil seed to all of the world.
In conclusion, putting atomic bomb in Hiroshima is reasonable.
I think it is not enough because the two atomic bombs do not wipe out militarism.
And we should not show mercy on Japan.
Although they think that the disaster makes them improve their character, I think it is what they deserved.
Hiroshima is just the sacrifice of militarism.
If they want to avoid the repeat of tragedy, they must admit their mistake and apologize to the whole world.
What is the most important is giving up militarism.
As the saying goes,the early bird catches the worm.The earlier you begin to focus on your work,the easier for you to achieve success.
Two years ago,if my memory serves me well,I was involved in a math competition.Having won the first prize some times before,I didn't feel nervous any more.So confident was I that I prepared nothing for the contest.Contrary to my expectation, I achieved nothing instead.I was beaten by my failure.
Absorbed in disappointment,I became a man with few words.Not knowing why I lost in the contest,I consult my classmates about their secrets to the success.To my surprise,all of them thought that preparing for the contest ahead of the schedule was the key factor.All of them were wrapped up in maths to get everything ready for the competition.
I felt much better when I found out the reason why I lost.And ,of course,I begin to put my heart in study and I was sure to win the first prize next time.
It's obvious that hard work is the key factor to the success.Bear in mind that the early bird catches the worm.
The Olympic Games will be held in our country in four year's time.
So the government will be building many new buildings in the capital and the whole area.
The buildings are designed by Kurt Gunter and workers will have completed the new stadium by the end of next year.
Our country never held Olympic Games and we are looking forward to them anxiously.
As people's growing requirements of books,e-book was born.Nowadays e-book has been already quite popular.In view of this phenomenon,some people say that e-books will replace books in the near future.
Exactly e-book has its own advantages.
You do not have to drive your car,wait for the traffic and reach the bookstore to buy some books.It is very convenient for you to download many books and read them on the e-book.E-book is compact and easy to carry.You can take it everywhere.
Every coin has two sides.E-book has disadvantages.First,The technology of e-book still needs developing.There existed deficiencies in e-book.Second,e-book is much more expensive than a book.From the view of benefit,most people would rather go to bookstores to buy books.In addiction,reading e-book for long time is bad for people's eyes.
As far as I am concerned,in the near future,e-book and books will coexist.Both of them have complementary advantages.We can not abandon traditional reading.We should support the development of new things as well.
From ancient to modern times, people always saying that such a sentence:"seeing is belief".
Human eyes can only see the surface material, reflected in the brain images can reflect the objective material.
So the eyes seeing not necessarily true is not necessarily the truth.
the embodiment of female demon, woman and man can change good simple villagers they did not believe that the image is the embodiment of the goblin.
Another example, when you see a man walking with a woman on the ground.
You think they are lovers but when I ask their relationship they tell me they are just good friends.
In my opinion, you see something.
We should think first.
My favorite dreaming destination in Europe is the developed country called Switzerland.Now let me tell you the country that I dreaming of going to most.
Switzerland,which covers an area of 41000 square kilometers,is located in Central Europe.It has a population of 7,500,000 and its capital is Berne.Besides,there is another famous city called Geneva all over the world.
And Switzerland's neighboring countries are Austria France Italy and Germany.
Which attracts me most is the beautiful scenery in this country.After all,it is known as the garden of the world.As everyone knows Swiss watches are the most famous around the world.I like Swiss watches very much and I also have several pieces of Swiss watches such as Longine.Tissot.The Swiss chemical and food industry are really developed.
That's all that I want to introduce to you.In a word,Switzerland is worth going.
Spring Festival is a traditional festival,we celebrate it in January or February.
On the Spring Festival eve,we usually have a traditional dinner with dumplings among families.
And we usually watch the traditional program on TV.
At twelve o'clock,we always shout loudly'Happy Spring Festival'and play the fire work.
We all have a lot of fun.
The next morning after the Spring Festival,people usually get up early and visited their friends.
I think the Spring Festival is a traditional day to say'Goodbye'for the old year and welcome to the new year.
I like the Spring Festival very much.
It is an important festival for the Chinese people.
As is shown in the picture,the rumors is spread wildly,it is like bombs for people.Obviously,the rumors do great harm to people.
I think some factors can account for it.
Firstly,the internet is an important part in our life,it's so opening for us and we rely much on it,so we often see the rumors on the internet.
Sceondly,some people want to play tricks on the internet so as to get happiness.
Last but not least,the contollers of the websites lack a sense of safeness,so some people grasp the chances to make rumors.
From my point of view,the first nut to crack is to improve the awareness of controllers and make some punishment to the rumor-makers.In the meanwhile,we should call our citizens not to believe the rumors easily and make a bright eye to the rumors.
With the quickily increasing of private cars from 2005 to 2014,there are many traffic accidets cased by ignoring rules and regulations.Some peopie like an old lady avoided driving optionally and gained favourable comment.
We all know that private cars are popular with us,which leds to our road traffic mainly.In mt point of view ,drivers who observe traffic regulations can refrain from traffic jam.
However, not only some drivers who want to save time or ignorethe traffic laws but also someone drives after drinking can make an accidet.
What annoys me is that even though there are many traffic laws place restrictions on drivers not to do harm to others ,many drivers know the law but break it.I think the policeman should strict enforcement of law and we shoule also give a hand.Only we are in a term can we avoid our heavy road traffic.And when we do that like the old lady in the photo on Sina Weibo we must protect ourselves firstly.I believe tomorrow is perfect.
It is important of the relationship between laws and our life.The emergence of the laws in order to the society development.It is not perfectly of the law of development and the law have limited.
Whether it is developing countries or developed countries,all the law have limited.we can only help poor families provide food and clothes.As perfect as possible limited to the law.
But too many people will not unssential law as a product of human behavior,so the law is unssential rules.
And now the young people is short of law language and cause a lot of harm.On the one hand,the college students should be protected ownself health and money safe.On the other hand,the college students should be known how to protect benefits.At last but not least,ownself must not to make the above the law.
Now many middle school students want to study abroad.
About this,the society has varied opinions.
Some people think it has many advantages.
It can provide a perfect languages' entertainment that is better to study languages.
It can also widen our views and study the advanced science and technology from abroad.
Besides,it can strengthen the cultural communication in different nations.
But others think it has many disadvantages.
Due to they are young,so that they are short in experience of life which contributes to taking care of themselves badly.
Friends and family aren't around them,feeling lonely and missing our country.
And the cost of living and education in there is very high.
In my opinion,wherever we study, being not important.
Only we can do, trying our best to study.
New ideas help businesses gain an advantage over their rivals.Employees who generate these new ideas-who practice the art of creative thinking are one of a company's greatest.The Art of Creative Thinking shows the reader practical ways of becoming a more creative thinker.Succinct chapter is built around one core idea which is then developed and illustrated.
The Art of Creative Thinking shows me how to:develop my understanding of the creative process;overcome barriers to creating new ideas;broaden my vision;build on new ideas;develop a creative attitude;become more confident as a creative thinker.
After reading that book,I feel more confident.Nothing is impossible.If we try our best to do,to think,we will gain what we want to have.All in all,to be a creative thinker is important for our life.
Domestic violence and abuse can happen to anyone, yet the problem is often overlooked, excused, or denied.
This is especially true when the abuse is psychological, rather than physical.
Noticing and acknowledging the signs of an abusive relationship is the first step to ending it.
No one should live in fear of the person they love.
If you recognize yourself or someone you know in the following warning signs and descriptions of abuse, reach out.
There is help available.
There are many signs of an abusive relationship.
The most telling sign is fear of your partner.
If you feel like you have to walk on eggshells around your partner-constantly watching what you say and do in order to avoid a blow-up-chances are your relationship is unhealthy and abusive.
Other signs that you may be in an abusive relationship include a partner who belittles you or tries to control you, and feelings of self-loathing, helplessness, and desperation.To determine whether your relationship is abusive, answer the questions below.
The more "yes" answers, the more likely it is that you're in an abusive relationship.
If you're hesitating-telling yourself that it's none of your business, you might be wrong, or the person might not want to talk about it-keep in mind that expressing your concern will let the person know that you care and may even save his or her life.Talk to the person in private and let him or her know that you're concerned.
Point out the things you've noticed that make you worried.
Tell the person that you're there, whenever he or she feels ready to talk.
Reassure the person that you'll keep whatever is said between the two of you, and let him or her know that you'll help in any way you can.
Despite what many people believe, domestic violence and abuse is not due to the abuser's loss of control over his or her behavior.
In fact, abusive behavior and violence is a deliberate choice made by the abuser in order to control you.Your abuser's apologies and loving gestures in between the episodes of abuse can make it difficult to leave.
He may make you believe that you are the only person who can help him, that things will be different this time, and that he truly loves you.
However, the dangers of staying are very real.
Remember, abusers are very good at controlling and manipulating their victims.
People who have been emotionally abused or battered are depressed, drained, scared, ashamed, and confused.
They need help to get out, yet they've often been isolated from their family and friends.
By picking up on the warning signs and offering support, you can help them escape an abusive situation and begin healing.
About learning English, I have my own way.
My Favorite Way of Learning.it is critical to do more reading,writing,listening and speaking.about the novel in English and newspaper ,that can help you a lot when do the reading.secondly ,keep on listen to the English waves ,and keep a diary .Thirdly ,I think you can go to the English corner ,that can improve you oral English.Besides,learling by heart as many well-know essays as possible is also very important.Why we have no problem with Chinese?
Beacause we speak it everyday.
A language exists, beacause a lot of people speak it.We can practice again and again to remember what we learned.My ways of learning English have a disadvantage which is speaking.Speaking can not only help us to enhance the language sense of English, but also makes us create a good environment to learn English.
These are my favorite ways of learning English, I think that they are all good for my learning English, except for speaking.
With the development of econmical,online shopping has been a fashion.there are many advantages on it, at the same time,there are many disadvantages on it.
The advantages are as follows.
online shopping is easy for us,of course we must have a computer.no matter what we want to buy,what we should do is to click on it.
online shopping is fair to us,the price of the things appears appearently,we can.comepare with different sellers.
things in the internet is more cheaper than what we buy in store an so on.
erery corns has two sizes.the disadvantage are as follows.
we need to wait, we cannot get what we buy at once.because the seller need time to post it to us.
if we buy a clothes on.it.we can not try it on.tosee if it fits us.
sometimes we can be qipian on it,what we seeon the internet is.
different to what we see.
in my opinion.even online shopping is easy for US.we cannot rely on it completeLy.no matter whatwe buy we should think twice.l hope every canbuy satisfy things on the Internet.
This afternoon,I see a movie and the movie is Frozen.At evening,I watch this film on the internet.There are about seven persons in the movie(chief).There are Elsa,Anna,Kristoff,Hans,Weselton,Oaken,Elsa's dad and Elsa' s Mum.
Elsa is a country's king,she is kind and smart.Anna is Elsa's younger sister,she is brave and kind.But I think Anna is kinder than Elsa,because she can try to help her country!Weselton is a bad man,he is arrogant.I think he likes AnLuShan.Hans,I think he is cool but I think,maybe he is a bad man as well?
I like Elsa the best,though she is a girl.Because I think she is a great king .
I think Frozen has lots of about love's stories and it is bad for students.The others stories can give we encourage.
Hello.everybody.My name is W.I am 22 years old.
I am graduated from X Teathers College.
There are four persons in my family.My mother is a doctor.So I am proud of my mother.I am very outgoing and friendly.I majored in English.My hobby is reading books and listening to the music.
In addition to these, I like swimming very much.
Because I think swimming is good for our health.So I always go swimming in daily life.If you like it as me, we can together.In daily life,I like reading some books, like history and English books.So I am not only like speaking English,but also I like have communications with others.
Sometimes I like playing badminton and running.
In my college life,I also have part-time jobs.
Such as teaching lessons and cashier.I do happy in these part-time jobs.I really enjoy my life.Thank you!
Spring is coming, everywhere full of vitality, our campus is more beautiful.
All kinds of trees are changed into the green dress, to facing the spring breeze.
A little bird stuck in a tree, as if in singing to us.
Entered the school, sides of the road, I saw sycamore tree grow new leaves.
The tender green leaves swaying, as if out of numerous warm hand, waving to you.
In class, the campus reading sound waves came, with beautiful views of the front, like being in the realm of fantasy.
There are a lot of magnolia trees, they are out of sharp, fluffy bud, green buds, like writing brush tip, even out of taste is also very like ink smell, campus rippling in the air this light ink.
They still a bud, the full bilge like to break up, and some flowers have opened a few disc.
Spring, our campus is full of beautiful colour, the most notable is the plum garden in full bloom in the peach blossom and cherry blossoms in the boya square.
Everyone tries to achieve success in his/her career.
But some finally attain their aims while others fail.
Some continue their cause to the end through long period of hard struggles.
but others are easily disappointed and stop halfway.
Strong will.
perseverance and diligence are the three essentials of success.
A man of strong will and perseverance always has an inflexible spirit.
He sticks to his cause no matter how tough it might be.
Life is short and we have too much to do.
Without diligence no one can achieve anything.
I believe that where there is a will there is a way.
and that success belongs to those who can make constant efforts.
Don't be afraid of life.
Believe that life is worth living.
and your belief will help create the fact.
I'm a student from Yangzhou University Guangling College and I'm writing to you to point out the seriousness of the pollution in Yangzhou.
As you know,we need clear water and fresh air to keep our daily life.Although some people have built up the consciousness of environment protection,most of don't notice it.
On one hand,we talk about the air pollution.If we ignore the discharge capacity from the industries,it still has many sources that can result in air pollution.For example,the air-conditioning,the vehicle emission,oil-smoking,barbecue and so on.Because Yangzhou is a famous historical city,it attracts many travelers coming here yearly and the problem is more serious.We can usually smell a strong ,orating smell from the sewer.I think we have no time to hesitate whether we should solve it.
On the other hand,we notice the water pollution.The rivers of Yangzhou are becoming polluted with garbage and dangerous chemicals including Slender West Lake.We usually see some plastic bottles and waste-papers floating on the lake.Some clear water is becoming black and smelly.I believe it doesn't conform the image of Yangzhou.
As far as I am concerned, it is of great urgency to solve the problem.We not only should use our hands to protect our home,but also build up environmental awareness.Pollution is not a simple problem to everyone.
About meaningful life,I think that I must be happy.I hope that I can improve my ability.
First,I will read some books to open my view,for me,and books can enrich my free life.Reading books can also make me smart.Next,I may do exercise.I could run every day,or Ipaly badminton with my friends.In addition to these,Iwant to play chess with my pupil,it can make us get along.At college,Having fun is very important.During university,although learning is one of the most important assignment,it is undoubted,at the same time,I will make me happy.
Thank you for your letter of May 22 2015 and it is much to our regret that we hear about the problems of the office supplies.
We refuse claim for your requirement .
First, you said that the one of the office supplies has not in the cartons, but we go into the matter, found out the office supply was in the vessel which the goods has delivered.
The evidenced by the survey report enclosed.
Second, as your letter, it was 2 weeks later than your raise claims.
Delivered the goods late was demaged of heavy rain.
The responsibility should rest with either the carrier or the insurer instead of us.
And if you need, we would like to lodge, on behalf of you, a claim against them.
We will keep you informed of any progress for the ongoing claim.
Looking forward to your reply.
Living in an environment full of fiercer competition, we, a generation born in the 90s, are faced with more problems in entering higher schools and getting employed.Under these circumstances, we are developing our special manners and values, which has raised people's concern.
They worry we care too much about ourselves and are unwilling to cooperate with others, which makes it hard for us to achieve success in whatever we do.
However, we, a generation born in the 90s, have our own advantages despite some weaknesses.
Firstly, we have the courage to meet challenges and take risks, which helps realize our dreams.
In addition, we are quick-minded and creative.
We can do our work more efficiently.
Yet, we still need to learn more from those experienced.
These days, instead of turning paper books, many readers reach for the e-books.
They are gaining increasing popularity in the world, especially among our young people.
Comparing with traditional way of reading, we can sum up several advantages of e-books.
Just as we all know, e-books are so convenient and light to bring with that we can almost read the books at anytime or anyplace.
For an instance, when we are on a boring journey, it is a best choice for us to kill time.
Of course, one specialty of e-books is low carbon and environmental.
It can save a good deal of wood resources.
The last but not least is that many people are trending to take the prices of e-books into consideration in advance.
In most peoples' view, the prices of e-books are so high.
But I don't agree with so.
On the contrary, I believe it's an effective way to help us reduce the economic burdens because we don't need to spend much money on buying paper books any more.
However, every coin has two sides.
Although there are so many advantages of e-books, deficits still exist.
Firstly, the radiations of e-books will damage our health gradually, such as eyesight and organs.
We may find ourselves blunter than before.
Secondly, by contrast, paper books range wider than e-books.
It is expedient for us to take notes and look up.
I think it is the biggest difference for students who are learning.
In a word, I think e-books do more good than harm.
Since that we can benefit so much from e-books, I advocate each of us can make the most use of e-books in order to keep pace with the technology development well.
Of course, while laying emphasis on utilizing e-books, we can't neglect paper books, too.
E-books are occupying an important position at present , there is no doubt that they will be a necessary in the future.
Nowadays,Low-carbon Lifestyle is being more and more popular,especially among many young people.More and more people are doing all that they can to live a low-carbon lifestyle,in order to save our environment.
Low-carbon Lifestyle is a kind of lifestyle which urge people to live a very simple life.For example we can take bus to school or ride a bicycle instead of driving car,which can help us to save money and effort.This lifestyle in order to reduce carbon dioxide ,and make our environment more beautiful.This lifestyle is for everyone and everyone can do something for this popular lifesyle.It is a lifestyle in which small effort will make a lot different.
As far as I am concerned ,we must do some thing to live a low-carbon life to save our enviroment.High ackonwledged college student as we are ,we should do something to save our environment and live a Low-carbon Lifestyle .There are lots of tings we can do to save us environment such as walk more and use less fossil fuel this will make our shy cleaner .we also can turn off light when we are away,which can help save a lot electricity.So as to save wood we can use all of paper both sides.Rmanber this small effort will make big difference.Let us do something make our future more beautiful.
Nowadays,more and more people read of books.Such is the remark made dy Bacon"knowledge is power".So some people go to the library.
But we are likely to see someone call phone in the library.So some people think that playing mobile phone in the library shoud restricted.Because phone calls restrict people will be affecte.Reading makes people cannot concentrate on reading,At the sometime,some people think that use to call phones should not limit,in the library.As long as it doesn't be affected others reader.
I think should not restrict mobile phone in the lidrary.
We have important mater some time.
As we can see in this picture,a son that he is worry about disposing of nuclear waste.Nonetheless his father told him,if he can empty dustbin here,he can do anything.This picture tells us that we should pay attention to small things,do like this we can do everything easily.However,most people always pay attention to something big,but ignore small things.
In this conversation,the father advises his son to do small things before undertaking something big.If you don't treat small things enough carefully,how could you make success in big things?In the other word,doing small things is the first step of success and only doing good on small things we will success.There is no doubt that one of the great differences between success and failure is small things.Usually,we always ignore some small details,so we always face failure.So we should doing small things well,it can help us to develop good habits,and become an experience for us that remind us to pay attention to small details and let us more patient.
In my opinion,it is importance for us to do well in small things with a serious attitude.In the other word,we should prepare of every details before big things.No matter any time ,we should do small things of the first.
It's my pleasure to extend an invitation to you to the seminar about global warming to be held in my college.I am one of the organizers of the seminar and I know you are an expert in this field.I think the seminar must be more wonderful with your attendance and I hope that you won't decline my invitation.If it is possible,let's meet at my school hall next Monday morning.
-Gibran, "Children of Gods, Scions of Apes".
The understanding of the passage of time is the main theme in the essay of "Once More to the Lake" by E.B.
White.
The essay is a story of White and his son revisiting his childhood vacationing spot and how the passage of time since his previous visits has a relentless hold on him as White comes to accept his own mortality.
White uses literary techniques such as imagery, metaphor, and tone to illustrate the comparison of the lake as he remembers it as a boy to the subtle changes it has faced since he has been away.
White often describes recent experiences and then relates them closely to his past experiences which bring up seemingly forgotten old memories he had not known he could remember.
His usage of these comparisons contributes to this essay's theme of embracing the passage of time and the ability to comprehend one's own mortality.
On the way to the lake, White wonders how the lake would be different; " how time would have marred this unique, this holy spot .
.".
He was certain there would be changes as he slowly descended into detailed reminiscences of the smells of his old bedroom and the "stillness of the cathedral".
When White and his son settled into the campsite and as he heard his son sneak out to go to the shore, something White used to do, he adopted a "dual existence" and had, "by simple transposition", become his father and his son was himself as a young boy.
The imagery used by White contributes to the comparison in the essay because it leads the reader through the entire passage with words so rich and alive the reader could feel exactly what White was feeling and in turn relate those feelings to their own experiences and fond memories.
The speaker also uses the repetitive statement that "there had been no years", that is, he felt he had traveled back in time to when he was a child at the lake.
His tone is deep and penetrating when speaking of the fondness he has of this "utterly enchanted sea" and the appreciation and reverence he has for it being constant and unchanging as though it brought him comfort to believe that he had never grown; that he was still a young boy and, for as long as he was there, he would remain forever young.
Near the middle of the passage White speaks of how he came upon a path used by horse-drawn carriages that had had three tracks but now, with the existence of the automobile, there were only two tire tracks left and he stated that for a moment he "missed terribly the middle alternative".
It would be acceptable to think then that he would realize the change and his own reality that he was him and not his father but still he refuses to accept the idea and continues on describing the unchanging, "fade-proof lake".
He continues to find differences of the lake from when he had been there as a boy his tone changes.
White speaks of the outboard motors and their "unfamiliar nervous sound" using words to describe them as "petulant", "irritable" and said they "whined about one's ears like mosquitoes".
The diction he uses in describing these dissimilarities made White sound as though the thought of having to cope with these changes was unbearable and that he was denying the fact that time had passed and he was not a young boy anymore.
The sound of the new motors was the only thing that would shake his vision that his child was he and he was his father.
Lastly, White brings up the thunderstorm which symbolizes a rebirth because once the rain comes and the "return of light and hope and spirits", he begins to look at his son and the entire trip in a different light.
He then realizes, while looking around and watching the campers play in the rain, that though the children are playing the same way White used to he can make the connection that this is a new generation and not his own past.
White went on to say that the joke about getting drenched in the rain was "linking the generations in a strong indestructible chain".
Then all at once as White watches his son gather his wet, cold bathing suit to go swimming in the rain and then put it on, he suddenly feels the chill of the cold bathing suit as if he put it on himself like he once did as a young boy.
He referred to the sensation as the "chill of death" because he realizes that he, like is father, is going to die, and has an involuntary acceptance of his own mortality.
He had watched himself trade places with his father and watched his son take on his previous role.
White's diction, imagery and tone supported his deep-felt emotion for his precious summers and the comparison of his internal battle of how he wanted to remain a young boy at the lake and how he was unwelcome to the idea that time had continued on and he could never turn it back.
I am lisa.I am a middle school student.I like reading and playing ping-pong.I used to watch TV at first after school,but i an used to doing my homework now.I like playing ping-pong in my free time.And i like watching TV with my parents in my free time.
i am a college teacher,and i hope to help my students study english well.
I found many messages and much information for them to share.
I hope that they are helpful.
Nowadays,many college students have no the ability to do housework.So there are some students hire the clenaners to help them do some cleaning.The phenomenon has caused discussion whether college students should hire cleaners.In my opinion,the college students shouldn't hire cleaners.
There are several points to improve my opinion.First,it is harmful to the students' independence and growth for them to hire cleaners.A healthy person is not only good at learning knowledges,but also have the capability to themselves things,which can make them take care of themselves better.Second,doing housework by ourselves will make us diligent.If we hire a cleaner to do all our cleaning,we will become lazier and lazier.It is not good for us to develop a high quality.Third,hiring cleaners need a sum of money.And college students can't afford to pay the wages to cleaners by themselves.If they hire a cleaner,they must have to ask their parents for extro money.Nowadays.college students need money in many aspects,the parents live with pressure.The expenses of hiring cleaners will make the pressure aggrated.
From what I have said above,we can clearly see the disadvantage of college students' hiring cleaners.So I think it is unnecessary for college students to hire cleaners.
I'm very sorry to tell you that I want to resign now.
Thanks a lot for giving me such an opportunity.
In the past two months, I had learned so much from all of you.
At the same time, I was very happy with every colleagues.
I often reminded of working with the parteners.
But now, I found that I am not fit for job.
Firstly, sometimes, I am vey difficult to find inspiration, expecially in designs.
Secondly, the job is not what I expected.
I just only as a edtior, I want to be trained and gain more profeesional technoloty in the work.
Now, more and more family have their own cars, but at the same time, there are more and more traffic accidents.
It is the biggest problem for drivers to know how to drive safely.
In order to protect yourself and others.
First, don't drive with drinking wine.
Second, don't drive tiredly.
Third, when you are driving, you can't use your phone.
If you do that, you can't pay more attention to drive.
There will be some bad things.
Fourth, if you meet the people in front of you on the street.
You should slow down your car's speed.
Hoping you will be safe, and thinking about others.
After a long tough journey, Chinese people have made achievements in national rejuvenation and succeeded in a variety of fields including science, technology and politics.At present ,they are to carry on with the cause.
Apparently,the stronger teenagers become,the better our country will be.Therefore,teenagers are responsible for strengthen ourselves and make devotions to our country.It's of great significance that the education on teenagers will make for future progress in science and technology.Moreover,teenagers are hope of a country.
Taking Ning Zetao who is a young outstanding swimmeras an example,he proved himshlf to be a rising star during 17th Asian Games.Also,his achievement make devotions to Chinese even Asian.
Personally,as a common student,we can also take responsibilities for national rejuvenation.First and foermost,it's necessany for us to try our best to complete our present study.Furthermore,we ought to promote positive ideas.
Dear Peter I have been to the summer camping and made friends with you last year in America.
In the last year I have a good time at the summer camping.
In my opinion it is a good memory for me.
We play and study together,so that I can forget the days here.
This year my school will hold on a summer camping like yours.
So I'd like to invite you to come to join us.
We will take you around the city.
Experience Chinese life.
study culture.
Except that I will take you to my home.
Then eat famous Chinese traditional food.
I look forward to receiving your reply.
Please write me back soon.
I think my hero is my mother, because she paid a lot for me and never complain, when I failed in the exam, once back home my mother did not blame me, but encouraged me, and told me to have confidence in myself, when I meet difficulties don't give up.
Whenever I am memorizing words, she is always beside me, when I was back up in the examination time, even though she can't read English, she'll think of some way to.
Nowadays, more and more students prefer famous brand to cheap but high-quality products.
In the University, this phenomenon is very common.
If you go on the road, most of the students are wearing designer clothes.
The reason they wear is that it can make them feel confidence.
In their mind, famous brand means fashion and rich.
But many people disagree it, they worry about it will make teenager lose the habit of frugality and like compared to other people.
In my opinion , if you have the right attitude to the famous brands it only make you full of charm.
Otherwise, it only waste.
There is a growing trend nowadays for many persons to shop online.Online shopping becomes more and more popular,however,everything has two sides.Therefore,it both have benefits and disadvantages.
First of all,it is more convenient that every person can just stay at home whenever to purchase products.Secondly,the most essential thing which perhaps is you can buy anything you want.Consequently,you don't have to waste a lot of time to seek for.Just click the mice,every things will in your sight.
Convenient as it is,it also has some issues.For example,you can just see the physical sample.Don't expect to try them personally.Meanwhile,the real goods used to be different in you have seen on the internet.So it must deceive you easily.In addition,it really makes eyes hurt if we stare at the computer screen for a long time.
How can we harness it?We ought to be cautious to select several things and negotiate with the shopkeeper clearly before you are determined to purchase it.
As is known to all,reading is a very important way in our studies.For example,whenever we study English,we pay more attention to this.
There are many advantages in extensive reading.To begin with,reading give us new horizons.We can travel around the world by reading.Moreover,it can help us improve oral language abilities.Reading more, we will know more.
On the other hand,the first-hand is important,too.However,it has many differences compared with reading.That is to say,by our own actions,explore the things,people,scenery and so on.
In conclusion,both read and action are essential.It's necessary to combine reading with action.We will learn better.
With the development of society, the competition of the entire society is more and more intense, causing increasing pressure to people.
Here are some tips that I hope can be useful.
Firstly, keep good health.
A healthy body is the premise to face presure.
It's the least capacity to cope with stress when a person is sick.
Secondly, to accept the pressure.
The reason why many people can not cope with stress is that they resist and escape it.
Actually, there always is trouble and problems once we chose a path to go, because almost everything worth doing is not so easy.
Thirdly, solve the problem, rather than complain about it.
Many people complain about the surroundings and don't think about the solutions when faced with problems.
We all know that complaint can do nothing but only let you down.
As long as the problem not solved, the pressure is always there.
Fourthly, tell others your pressure and get help from them.
Lots of pressure can't be solved by our own and the rational way is talking the pressure to workmates or friends to get help from them.
But the premise to do so is that we don't intend to put pressure to others but to seek help and support to solve problems.
Of course, there also are some other ways to cope with stress, such as readjusting goal and expectation, playing games to relax, even shopping or eating.
But no matter how, solving the problem that causes stress is the best way.
May 1st,International Workers'Day,My May day is labour day.We will have a 3-day holiday.I am going to do a lot of things with my family and friends.I and my father,mother and sister didn't go shopping.I plan to make up early in the morning to get some exercises.When I get health from sport,then I will spend a few time on readings.In the afternoon,I will play computer game with friends via internet.But sitting too much of time at the computer isn't good for health.I will do some housekeeping to help my parents.In the evening,I want to do some homework after sleep.
"Shakespeare said.So,if we want to succeed,we should build up self-confidence.However,how to build up self-confidence?I believe that many persons want to know this.
First,I think the best way is to diversify your life experience.In the other means,know yourself as well as the enemy and you can fight a hundred battles with no danger and defeat.If you have rich life experience,you will be more confidence.We can imagine,if we have a wealth of experience,then when talking with others will be ready.
Second,remember that no one is perfect.Even the most confidence people have insecurities.At some point in any of our lives,we may feel we lack something.That is reality.Learn that life is full of bumps down the road.
Third,learn how to give yourself a pep talk.We all have our down moments,moments of doubt,confusion and uncertainty.When that happens,we must learn how to restore self-confidence.One way is to understand that everyone goes through such moments.Another is to remember past successes,visualize the desired outcome and keep at it.Practice makes perfect.
Finally,look in the mirror and smile.Studies surrounding what's called the"facial feedback theory"suggest that the expressions on your face can actually encourage your brain to register certain emotions.So by looking in the mirror and smiling every day,you might feel happier with yourself and more confident in the long run.
In conclusion,self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.You acquire it by doing,learning,accomplishing,and persisting.Please believe that I am the best one in the world and I can do many things for others.Please follow me to do it.
We havn't see for a long time.Now let me tell you something about my last holiday.
On the first day,I went out with my friend.We saw the newest film and went skating.We all enjoy ourselves very much.I think that's the happiest day I have ever had!
The second day had a havily rain.So I had to stay at home.I did my homework at first.And then,I helped my mother do some housework.Although it mae made me very tired,but in my opinion,it was very necessary for me.
Well,so much for this.My holiday was very interesting,isn't is?What about your holiday?Please email me back.
Many people argue that in order to improve educational quality continuously,students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.Others think the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
Of the two views discussed above,I am in favor of the second one,because respecting for our teachers is the most important aspect.If we students make comments or even criticism directly on teaches,those teacher would feel embarrassed .Besides,after being criticized by their students,those teachers may lose the confidence and smile hence.At the same time,it's too impolite for students to make comments and criticism on teaches.
As far as I'm concerned,making comments or even criticism on teaches is not a complete method in both respects.Maybe parents and students should find another way such as chatting with the problem teacher,writing a note and etc.In addition,we students should try to change ourselves rather than the teachers.Only in this way can those students accommodate the ever-changing society.
In a word,we students should respect the teachers and direct their mistake in a polite way rather than make comments and criticism straightforward.I believe that those teachers would become better under that circumstance.
a skillful person.In our university campus,most of college students lack social practice.
While becoming underground,college students should join social practice.Firstly,we should make use of sparing time,so that we have time to do a job.Secondly,we should earn money to decrease parent's stress.At the same time,we also have duty to love our friends and relatives,this will increase our confidence.Lastly,we should join social practice to exercise ourselves,and we can increase practical experience and prepare in the future.
In my opinion,not only should we learn theory knowledge,but also we should participate in social practice,this will help us progress as possible as well.
My best friend is yanyuning.
He is thin and short.
He likes to play phone and play computer.
He runs faster than me.
Our mothers are teachers.
Our mother works in our school.
He is good at play computer, because, we play computer time, he always can win a victory.
My good friend Daming is ready to enjoy his winter holiday.
So he makes a plan of his holiday.
Now let me introduse you someting about his plan.
He will get up and wash his face and brush his teeth at half past eight.
And then he will have healthy breakfast like eggs,bread and sandwich at a quarter to nine.
Then he should study.
So he will do his homework carefully from nine to ten thirty.
Then he will do exercise in the park.
And then he will have delicious lunch,but I think it doesn't healthy.
From thirteen to fifteen he will have IT classes or English classes.
He will read many kinds of books from sixteen to eighteen.
And then he will begin having a little supper after thirty minutes.
He will search for some information or watch his favourite programme from seven to eight at night.
Then he should put away things.
Yes,he will do it from half past eight to nine at night.
He will go to bed at nine thirty at night.
I think his holiday will be very happy.
But I think he should use more time to study.
July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
So reading is the foundation of our learning literature .
Literature is play an important job in our life.
Firstly,we can learn a lot from literature and used to our daily life,because literature is the crystallization of the wisdom of their.Secondly,we can through literature to understanding the ancient society,we well know more about our nation developing.Finally the literature from ancient to now is the traditional culture's inherit.
So we should reading literature,which is the every Chinese basic.
We are all proud of the Chinese nation literature.
Nine years ago, my music instrumental teacher held a music performance, of which the place was chosen in the greatest theatre in my hometown.
Worries welled up in my mind at that moment, because I'm the only one to play the accordion, others would play the piano instead.
What's more, the well-known artist Xuan Ke who chaired Naxi Ancient Music was invited to enjoy the performance.
However, I would never image that a "bomb" was going to encounter me soon on my first stage.
That uncommon day was coming, we students gathered backstage, discussing why there were so many people came here.
"I haven't seen such a marvelous stage", I couldn't help whispering.
Since there were countless lights sparking, I could evidently feel the heat under the ceiling.
Every light changed its colors frequently, with the harmonious pieces of music , I just wanted to give a loud shout "bravo".
With the applause of the audience, I dragged my feet to the stage with my extremely heavy accordion, then politely bowed and gently sat down.
Before playing, I drew in a deep breath, encouraging myself it'll soon be fine.
Gradually, I was absorbed in the piece of music, when it reached the climax--"Dah Dah Dah,Dah Dah Dah--Dang Dang Dang", something unexpected happened.
"Bang", a big noise, like a strong thunder, struck the theatre, then a lot of fragments scattered at a distance of one meter from me.
My fingers were at a standstill, the music stopped, with my eyes opening wide.
Nothing existed in the theatre but silence, and all the people must be stunning at that moment.
I slowly turned my numb head, finding out that it was an exploded light because of the high temperature actually.
I came round the idea, then started my march again.
From that time till the end, it was miraculous that I wasn't that afraid--I was doing smoothly, with my fingers playing naturally, the music ended in an excellent way.
Most people, including Xuan Ke and my teacher stood up, bursting into the prolong clapping.
They held up their thumbs in approval.
I bowed proudly then walked into the backstage with my chin up and chest out as if my accordion was no longer that heavy.
The hostess said excitedly.
My first stage time was ended in such a miraculous way, the "bomb" on the stage gave me a sort of magical effect, it also can be understood as a great progress that will lead me to future life stages.
I am a student.I learn English by six years but my English was wery bad.In my old class,we had six groups about english.I reading and writing remember words with my group.
I thingk the most effective way to learn English is that remember new words and reading books every day.Because we can have a good feel of English by this way.That.is my opinion.I will study in this way.
We once heard a slogan on TV or newspaper and radio,no business ,no killing.
So ,this word is not strange to us.
Just a single words,however ,it contains a lot of moral.So,it raised awareness of people.
Wether now or the past,everyone is hard for a living and living for money.Buying ,selling and trading is in evitable since ancient times people lifestyle .However,people but in oder to the intersts of unscrupulous .In oder to obtain a lot of money,they using a variety of means ,and even some violations .For example ,people are cutting down lots of trees for many years,untill now,because it can be used to earn much money.But it does harm to nature.Now ,our survival of the trees on the land less and less.Because of this,so our people are suffering the punishment of nature.I want to ask,if we do not deforestation,of so many natural disasters?
Nowadays ,with economic development in the world,the lifetyle more and more fashion .So people are increasingly high demand for the material and spiriual.
People killing elephants for ivory,killing rhinocers for rhinoceros's horn.killed the tiger for its skins and bones,killed the bear for bear's paw,and the killing of sea turtles for turtles shells......If people don't have so much demands,poachers will kill them so unscrupulousy?
In oder to protect the wild animals ,the people of insight have also done a lot of effort.However ,as there are a lot of people have bad habits of eating game.So ,a considerable part of the restaurant,the restaurant appeal to their preferances in oder to make money then vote diners,the introduction of a variety of game dishes.Where there is demands,there will be suppliers.The outlaws therefore poaching of wild animals.
The wild animals in the world less and less .so, our human beings should think about it.The animals are lives equal to us,so,whatever who we are,we should also try our best to protect the wild animals and protect our nature that we live.
No business ,no killing.Let's remember this words ,reduce the killing,to reduce damage,protect our common homeland.
As we all know,with the development of science and technology, net-writing is becoming more and more popular.Net-writing has been labeled as "unfavorable writing " by some people in that they think things written on the Internet have little literary merit,but others believe that net-writing is going to persist and survive.As for me , the future of net-writing will survive.
Net-writing offers equal opportunities for everyone who wishes to write .It gives us access to what would have not been published and yet is extremely valuable.Also, net-writing is spontaneous and we can use it to exchange ideas before we come up with really brilliant .And it satisfies our desire to be writers.
Net-writers can lace their writings with strange acronyms and smileys, the crucial stroke combinations used to convey various facial expression.And it all flows together quite smoothly.Net-writing is usually terser than professional writing , filled with short paragraph, bulleted lists and one-lingers.
Almost any kind of information can be found in the net-writing.There are electronic magazines that a deal with ghost stories, poetry, or children's stories.There are areas within the electronic world where you can play games ,discuss politics,science,history farming, or just about any things that interest people.
As far as I can see, net-writing will continue to boom.This is not only in that we need to exchange ideas on the Internet , but also in that we need to do it fast since we can't afford excessive time in this information age.In a sense, net-writig is probably the most efficient way of doing all this.In short ,we can't imagine an Internet without net-writing.
Nowadays,with the development of economy and the improvement of people's living standards.Shopping on the internet has been a fashion,especially among the youngsters.
To this,each person has different opinions.Some people suppose online shopping has made our daily life more convenient and comfortable.Because they think that shopping on the internet can recuse them a great deal of time on the way between home and store.They will have more time and energy to spend on their work.And they can even ignore the distance to purchase what they need in other countries.Nerveless a few of people have different opinion,they think lack of the face to face trade make online shopping less reliable and dependable.In addition,they can't try them on personally.So they don't know what cloths size and color is right for them.
In my opinion, I think shopping on the internet is a double-edged sword,Because it has some advantages and disadvantages.Shopping on the internet makes our life become wealthy and colorful.It also saves much time for us.But online shopping will let us buy a lot of things we don't need,So that it is easy to make us into economic crisis.From a long-term point of view, With the development of economy,more and more people will be love in shopping on the internet.
One month ago,I stayed at my hometown with my parents and friends.But everything changed so fast.In order to go on my schoolwork,I had to leave my hometown for the strange city,Changchun.To be honest,there are many differences between college and senior high school.
At first,it is necessary to become independent.When I was in senior high school,I can go home every day.But I only go home twice a year now which means that I must make some crucial decisions.What a tough thing it is!Then the college is much bigger than my old school.I always lost my way when I 'm a new comer.Luckily,I'm familiar with college's way at present.What's more,the atmosphere of college and senior high school is not the same.Our teachers teach us in English all the time.Not only me but also my classmates all enjoy it though sometimes it makes me confused.
A few days ago there was a terrible thing which gave me a punishment.It is that my mobile phone was stolen when I went shopping.I had put all my important information in the phone.I can't help but do nothing.On the one hand,I realise that it's never too careful to treat your goods.On the other hand,I recognize it's essential to give the important information backup.
Now here I am,I think it's needful to take good advantage of my spare time.As the proverb goes,no pains,no gains.Only to try my best can I achieve my dream and do much more things.I'm looking forward to a new transformation!
Nowadays losing weight has become a trend, especially among girls.
On television, radio or magazines we can see different kinds of advertisements, which are about losing weight.
However, we should not be cheated by such kind of ads.
After all, a safe and efficient way to lose weight needs our patient and wisdom.
The first step is having a balanced diet.
Some people hold a view that the less food we eat, the more weight we will lose.
In fact it is wrong.
A balanced diet is the basic foundation of a good health.
Only if we have a good health can we lose weight easily.
The proper way of diet is: we should eat enough food which contain a lot of nutrition at breakfast, then at lunch we should eat our fill.
At supper we can just eat some fruit or porridge.
In a word, we can not eat too much in the evening.
The next step is to take exercise frequently.
I often heard some of my friends complained they had too much fat thou they did not eat too much.
The reason is that they do not like taking exercise.
Some exercise seem easy but can help us a lot to lose weight, such as sit ups, running, dancing and so on.
The most important thing is we should have perseverance and never give up.
Finally, we should keep an optimistic mood.
Maybe some of us will feel ashamed about the weight and even do not know when the way will work.
It does not matter, what matters is we keep an optimistic and happy mood.
In some degree it will help us to lose weight.
After all, good health comes first.
With the development of English study,more and more students ignore the spelling of English words.This problem results from some certain reasons.Firstly,teachers emphasize the importance of communication in English too much,rather than paying more attention to spelling English words.Secondly,as students learn more and more vocabularies,they disorder different words,lacking of understanding of them.Thirdly,thy lack of necessary exercises about English spelling and so on.
Therefore,to solve this problem,we should take some measures.
To begin with,as for educators who teach the begin of English learning,teachers have the duty to emphasize the importance of spelling English words to students.Besides,as for learners,there is no denying that they need to learn every important English word well.
English study is a complete system,so we should balance the elements of it.If we could not spell a word completely,nobody can understand ourselves,causing the function of English as a communication tool.So we can not emphasize the importance of spelling English words well too much.
voluntary work during the summer holidays.
The children there are all suffer from serious illnesses and they are unhappy.
Some children have trouble walking or moving and some children can't express their feelings,so I want to teach them to tell stories.
This help them express their feelings and I would like to teach them to sing, because music can bring them joy and peace.
I think it is a meaningful work for us.
Just as an outstanding person, who named Bernard Shaw said 'Confident people, is able to turn small to grand, mediocrity to wonder'.
Self-confidence is an essential factor that contributes us to success,which is extremely important to everyone.
Everyone is eager to self-confidence, however, in my opinion, to be prepared, believer yourself, be positive can build up self-confidence.
First of all, preparation is the most fundamental conditions of confidence.
If you are lacking in knowledge, it's extremely easy to fritter away you confidence.
Although no one is to know everything, be equal to anything, we should try our best to Broaden our horizons, broaden our thinking,our realm of sublimation.
Secondly, believer yourself.
Believing yourself is that you have courage to speak out loudly.
Speaking up is all very well, but not just for the sake of it.
If you get crushed by someone else it will soon dent in confidence you had.
Practise speaking out loud, getting confident just at speaking may be a crucial first step.
Growing assertiveness skills, being able to put across your point of view (and believe you have the right to say it) can be practised separately.
Nevertheless speaking up is generally dependent on knowing your facts, being confident in your abilities.
Last but not least, be positive.Even if you are in the bad mood.
Avoid self-pity, or the pity and sympathy of others.
Never allow others to make you to feel inferior--they can only do so if you let them.
If you continue to loathe and belittle yourself, others are going to do and believe likewise.
Instead, speak positive words to yourself, about your future, and about your progress.
Do not be afraid to project your strengths and qualities to others.If you do so, you will be able to these firmly in mind, inspire their more active.
In concluded, self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.You attain it by doing,learning, accomplishing, and persisting.
I know that you hope to know something interesting about Chinese Spring Festival.Now let me tell you what you want to know.
Above all,The Spring Festival is the most important festival in a year in Chinese heart.Its importance is similar to Christmas Day in Western countries.What's more,people usually prepare the Spring Festival in half a month ahead of this important day.Before the festival,people need to do many things for festival.Such as cleaning the room,going to the supermarket,putting up the couplet and so on.Men who work away the hometone hurry home to celebrate the festival.Finally,during the Spring Festival,all of the family members eat dinner together.The commonest customs is that set off the fircracker and eat the dumplings.People The whole people are very happy during the Spring Festival.
Now,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
There is a hot topic whether universities in China should expand their enrollment.
Personally, I approve of it.
As far as society is concerned, nothing is more important than to receive high education in universities, which not only can improve the citizens' cultural and moral standards, but can also promote the social harmony.
My opinions are as follows.
First of all, after getting high education which trains the learners to think of problems independently, they will face various problems more rationally in future, especially, the society problems.
For example, facing the awkward relationship with Japan, most of Chinese didn't take crazy actions except that few destroy the Japanese machines, such as Japan cars, Japan cameras.
What's more, people will improve their moral standards, which is beneficial to our society's harmony.
In respect of economy, if businessmen qualify the morality and product safe goods, citizens won't doubt if the food goes with some poisonous elements and machines' quality.
When Chinese believe the Chinese products, of course, they will buy them to show their patriotism instead of buying the foreign products.
Obviously, it's good for the economy of China.
Last but not least, in university, students can train professionally.
After graduation, they just become useful for all aspects of the society, such as, economy, politics, culture and fine arts.
To summary, there is no doubt that it's a positive policy to expand universities' enrollment in China.
It will promote the society's harmony and make China better tomorrow.
With the development of society and economy, E-book has become one of the most popular readers.
E-book has lots of advantages.
First, it can subscribe to many electromic journals, books and documents.
And automatic downloading the lastest news and journals from the Internet, show whole text and graphics.
Second, we can download electronic books to E-book and buy books stored in the electronic reader.
Third, it is convenient for us to obtain information .We can download a lot of reading materials through the nexwork or use small electronic equipment.
Fourth, E-book can contribute to environment protection because papers and forest resources can be saved.
Howerver, every coin has two sides.
E-book still has lots of disadvantages.
First, it encourages people become lazy.
Many persons are not accustomed to reading books.
Second, E-book has a lot of radiation.
It will hurt our eyes if we use it for a long time.
Third, E-book is not easy to store information.
Fourth, we can not have a sense of achivement when we use E-book because it does not has visual impact.
Fifth, E-book has lots of mistakes and will mislead children.
In my opinion, E-book makes our lifes easier.
Though it has some drawbacks, it is still important.
Its'public is very convenient that can reduce our waiting time.
The most important thing is that E-book is very cheaper,I think everybody can buy it.
We can see from the picture,a father talking to his son.The son said"Dad,I am a bit worried about cast away of nuclear waste",the father replies,"If you can empty the dustbin here,you can do anything",and pointing the garbage beside him.
The father's words seemed humorous,but this is the truth.There is a saying in China"doing small things before undertaking something big".All the life experience also tells us the truth,if you want to succeed in doing a good job,you must start from the foundation.
For example,when we learn English at the beginning,we should master a lot of words,because regardless of the conversation or writing a composition,we need to use a lot of words.Mastery of word is the basis for us to learn English well.In other words,if we cannot master English words we cannot improve the English.
Another simple example,if we want to run faster and farther,the premise is that we can smooth every step of the way.
From these examples,unquestionably,doing small things is the first step of success and will lay root for doing something big.By doing something small,we are enabled to accumulate experience,master skills and train ourselves to be more patirnt.In a word, the small things as important as big things,we should treat the small things in a serious attitude.
When tropical storm Meari hit the East coast of China in late June, the State-owned electric-power supplier, State Grid Corp, told its companies in the area to institute emergency plans to make sure facilities could withstand the storm's force.
The storm was detected 358 kilometers south-southeast of Zhoushan, an archipelago in Zhejiang province, at around 10 o'clock in the morning of June 25 and was moving northward at around 30 kilometers an hour.
The grid's company in Zhoushan went into flood-and-storm response mode, alerting all department and staff members, and telling them to get to emergency control centers immediately, to be on call around the clock.
State Grid technicians did extra checks on circuits and the power network connecting the archipelago with the mainland to make sure everything was in proper working condition.
The company also sent people to reservoirs and riverside facilities to check on major equipment such as water gates and pumps.
Local offices put together emergency response teams and made sure that submarine cables would not be damaged by ships sheltering from the storm in local harbors, and that alarm systems and lighting were in good working condition.
That same day, the grid's company in Shandong instituted emergency plans, even though the tropical storm was still far to the south.
All its offices in coastal cities were put on notice by phone, fax, or e-mail.
Branch companies and construction sites were told to keep an eye on weather conditions, assemble emergency repair teams and equipment, and to make backup plans for transportation.
They also drew up contingency plans for lightning strikes and mudslides.
The plans emphasized the need to act immediately to be sure of the power supply for key government departments, telecommunications networks, mining sites and transportation facilities, if a natural disaster damaged transmission lines or transformers or sub-stations.
Infrastructure construction sites were told to cease operations and look after their temporary housing and machinery and make sure there was sufficient fuel for generators.
State Grid officials in the coastal cities of Weihai, Yantai and Qingdao were told to keep a close watch on the storm as it approached the next day.
The storm hit Shandong at the eastern end in the city of Rongcheng at around 9 pm and left two hours later.
Engineers at the Shandong branch ran checks on 271 transformers and more than 180 cables during the period after assembling more than 1,400 technicians for the emergency repair crew.
The State Grid was set up on Dec 29, 2002 and now employees more than 1.5 million people.
It serves 88 percent of the nation and was ranked 8th in the Fortune Global 500 enterprise list last year.
The company's mission is to provide safe, economical, clean and sustainable electric power for social and economic development, according to its official website.
Nowadays,with the development of the Internet,communicating with the net friends is becoming more and more popular.It also influences our daily life.
Different people have different views about this topic.
Some of the people think that chat online is a very good choice for the modern people because it is very convenient and interesting.
People can know a lot of people through the Internet so that their circle will become large.
On the other hand, if they are far away from their friends,they used to write letters to contract with each other for they have no choice.But now,there are so many ways such as QQ,microblog and so on.
For some people, it only does harm to them.In their opinion, chat online just make people cold in their relationships.They spend too much time in writing and they have no chance to speak to their friends face to face.
I think every coin has its two sides.
We should keep the good one and put away the bad one.
Although communicating with each other online is very convenient,we shouldn't spend all the time in it.
We may keep the balance, make sure you will deal with other people properly in real life.
As time passed,more and more developed economy, tourism is increasingly popular,many of those who travel abroad do not pay attention to your uncivil behaviour,we must treat them seriously.
As a tourist who live in other place, the representative is not our own, but the image of our country.We must pay attention to own behavior, for example threw trash this behavior not to have at will to appear ,certainly continues these also to have says bad language and so on.
Thought this because others can think our country human not too civilized not too politeness, sooner horizontally harms to our country image.
Example image of our country that we should consider a number of things before, always remember that cultural tourism, and he will be our own country is very important.
I am a freshman at Shu Hsien University.My major is English.I am an optimistic and ambitious girl.I am not sure what I am going to do.However, I expect myself to be a successful person.So I do everything at my best now.If only I am going to try something new I feel excited.
I study hard and play hard.I spend much time in improving my English skill every day.It is lucky of us to have so many ways to learn English nowadays.After finishing studying, I often go to a cinema to watch movies or read a book, which can make me not only leave the hustle and bustle of life for a while but broaden my horizon.Also, I take some small trips to refresh my mind on weekend.
I have a part-time job at a boutique.I developed my sense of beauty when I was introducing pictures or decorations to customers.I enjoy the job very much for I can meet various people every day.
Promoting vegan diet is the most important task in my life.I think everyone should respect every single creature.Animals are our friends and they respect us very much, we should by no means eating them.I often recommend famous vegan restaurant to my friends and go on street to tell people the truth of what they eat.I devise many programs with my friends to push the idea.
Working hard to pass the Tofle Exam is the task I am undergoing recently for I am eager to studying abroad and experiencing new cultures and making new friends.As usual, the never-before experienced life makes me feel extremely excited.
Chinese learning style,on the one hand,is a teacher hand on church students do homework and doing things,on the other hand,the teacher taught the students learn a little the teacher not teaching are not to learn everything with the teacher as the center.
not self-reliant ability and no innovative thinking.
In my pooing,I think chinese learning style should reform take the student as the center, let the student study and explore,to cultivate students'ability of self-reliance.
English impressed us not only is the second language we learned,But also can know the other countries culture and history easily.You can find that the history of English can divide into three parts;old English,middle English,and modern English.
Old English is from AD500 to 1100.The history of the English language began over 1500 years in the north of Europe.Around the fifth century,tribes of people known as angels saxon,They were speaking an early form of the English .
Middle English is from AD1100 to 1500.In 1066,The Normans conquered England ,The conquered conquering the conqueror.Speak france is a symbol of wealthy,Only the poor were speak the English.But in the late 14 th century,English became the first language again.By this period ,Many words used in English came from france or latin.
Morden English was divided into early morden English and late morden English.You can find that English has absorbed a large number of ancient society and culture.The vocabulary has increased with the frequently used.
Nowadays,English has developed into a worldwide language.It is necessary for us to learn the language hard.Because it will catch up with the feet of the development in the world.And it also will make our communication easily.
It's a warm day's afternoon,when Jason is recalling his childhood.
Time went back to 20 years ago,when Jason was just an elementary student.
It was the first day of school and Jason was so shy that he didn't want to go to school.
Scared as Jason was,he just grab the tree and didn't want to leave his sweet home.
that he'd always dreaming about to go to.
Jason cried,and guaranteed his mother he'll come back just as he become successful.
 years has passed by,and Jason becomes a billionare as he wished.
Some people hold the opinion that it's favorable to get up early to work.Others ,however,think quite differently on this issue.In their view,they are in favor of getting up late and working until late at night.Personally,I prefer the former.
Firstly,it's beneficial to our physical health.Getting up early can ensure that we have enough time to have breakfast and do some exercises ,which can put a good foundation for a day's work .Moreover,it can improve the efficiency of work.
Secondly,it's positive for our mental health.We will be less stressed in that we make fully preparations for our job in the early morning.In addition,you may get a raise of salary owing to your hard work,in this way ,you can reduce the economical burden in a sense.
Finally,for ourselves,getting up early to work can help us get rid of laziness and improve the quality of life .
Above all ,I think it's better to get up early to work in the morning ,and we should keep it in mind,furthermore,we should make efforts to do it.
In this time and age,the problem of contaminated food have aroused public attention.What amaze us most is that some prominent factories also conduct contaminated food.
Appearently enough,there are some negative impacts which we should not ignore.To begin with,contaminated food may damage the health of people.Sanlu milk powder is a case in point,which induce through of baby to suffer severe disease.Moreover,it is reputation that does not enable the consumer to build urgent confidence in the domestic products.
If we let this situation continue as it is,our economy will be impeded.In view of the seriousness of the situation,effective measure should be taken before things get worse.First and foremost,it is suggested that public should enhance their awareness of not buying some inferior quality commodity.In the second place,it is essential that regulation should be worked out and enfored to guarantee the right of consumers.Only in this way,can we wipe out contaminated food.
Peking University is a beautiful University with a long history.
Many famous people was graduated from Peking University.
There is a very graceful environment.
Peking University is a liberal arts University, I think it's helpful to your Chinese.
Bejing is the capital city of China, so you will not feel uncomfortable I think, communal facilities are all complete.
There people are very kind too,they like foreign students.
Although there are so many advantages and kind people, you may get some trouble,I guess.But don't worry, I'm glad to help you during the time you study at China.
As we all know: Knowledge Is Power.
It's the useful tool for us to live better.
So getting a good education is important for everybody.
For my example, I have a simple thinking: To Live More Wonderful.
Hence I must study harder.
Until now, I have studied for more than thirteen years, during the time, I was pursuing a better education to fill myself.
As time goes by, I went to a key middle school where I got the best education in my hometown.
Then, I entranced the NO.1 senior middle school and Shaoguan University to pursue my further studies.
I want to draw a conclusion that getting a good education will increase the percentage to entrance a better school.
Moreover, getting a good education will obtain more opportunities to get a job.
Because university is one way to get specialized knowledge and others.
As we clearly that when we interview a job we should hand in our personal resume, including experience ,education and so on.
In addition, we can obtain diplomas from education.
What's more, having diplomas certainly helps us to look for a job.
So education is necessary for everyone.
Now, from social standpoint , there are two points to describe the advantages of getting a good education.
For one thing, education can make a person smart and learn about legislation, then criminal percentage lower, as a result, society at peace.
For another, peaple can master IT by education, then strength the power of country.
In a word, getting a good education is not only useful to oneself but also the whole country.
Along with the rapid development of the society,the increasing numbers of problems stir up our attention,one of which is the problem of the fog and hanze.It damages our environment seriously and influences our country and life.
Why have there been so frequent fog and hanze?The first reason is that more and more people have their own cars that release a large amount of waste gas,which contributes to the fog and hanze.In addition,the wide use of coal leads to the fog and hanze as well.What's the primary reason is that the numbers of trees are decreasing.
It is high time that something should be done upon it.On one hand,people should reduce the using of private car and they can choose riding bike.On the other hand,the government ought to strengthen effective management about the industry and the wide use of coal.Only when we take effective actions,can we solve the fog and hanze problem and a much better and brighter future awaits us.
Chinese government has decided to ban smoking in public place,it will start from 2010 January 1st in order to prevent people from smoking in all public place.And government decide to show some signs about banning smoking to avoid people smoking.
Figure shows that about 350 million people smokes and most of them are man,about 540 million people are effected by second-hand smoke ,even 10 thousand people in them will die every year.
On weekend,I helped my parents with a few things.
I was so tired.
On Starurday morning.
I did the dishes and folded the clothes.
Then,I took out the rubbish and took the dog for a walk.
On Sterday afternoon.
I cleaned the living room,swept the floor and made the bed.
In the evening,I washed a lot of clothes.
On Sunday morning.
I watered flowers and clean my room.
Then,I helped my mom make dinner.
I was really tired.
But,my parends were very happy day for my parents.
Nowadays, almost all of the cities in the world are confronted with pollution, such as water pollution and so on.
And air pollution is an urgent problem that we need to deal with.
Air pollution is mainly due to the car exhaust, factory discharge, burning garbage etc.
Among them, the automobile exhaust was one of the modern societies which is difficult to solve.
At present, some cities use the odd and even number rule to reduce pollution, but this way could not deal with the true problem.
In my opinion, I believe that massive afforestation is an effective way to solve the air pollution.
I choose this way had three reasons.
Firstly, the tree planting not only way can solve the air pollution.
Trees has many other functions, for example conserved water and soil.
What's more, planting trees is economic and effective way.
Several years later, the trees can also be used in industrial productions.
Finally, trees planting can beautify the environment.
The green of trees can make people happy, release pressure and make our city more beautiful.
Air pollution has aroused more and more attention, for they are considered to be concerned with public health.
And I believe that tree planting is the best way to deal with it.
Books are the ladder of human progress.
I think books can play a important role in one's life.So it is necessary for us to read books in our spare time.
The reason why we should read books for which it can light an emotional spark within us that motivates us to read more, understand more, and read Joyfully.
When you are unhappy within yourself, books can comfort you.
Sometimes, if you are anxious for something, you will find peace in books.
On the other hand, we are always obtaining knowledge from books.
When that happens, the world opens.Everything becomes possible.
Reading makes a full man.Read is a critical part of learning and growth.So we should read more books as possible as we can.
Throughout history, although technology and ideology keep pushing the development of society with supporting of mainstream, there were lots of talented men overwhelmed by people resulted as a tragedy.
Majority always seize the power of society, for instance, the experiences of famous physicist Nicolause Copernicus and Abraham Lincoln are both sides of majority's tremendous power.
On the one side, if one thing will be horrible, it must deeply related with ignorant people.
Nicolayse Copernicus was a famous Ressinance mathematician and astronomer who formulated the model of universe that placed the sun rather than the earth at the center of earth named "heliocentricism".
But he didn't publish the great theory until late in his life, for the reason that at that time most of people believe in Christian, when the Vatican added fuel to fire, declared Copernicus as an antichrist, he was discriminated by most of mainstream even including his relatives.
It's not hard to imagine if the theory didn't receive such drastic attack from those people who were kept in dark, the thought could be delivered far more earlier at the same time changed the whole world immediately.
This is the ridiculous strong power attained by human subtly.
On the one side, sometimes individual will get success because majority are by your side.
Abraham Lincoln led American African won the American Revolution, freed thousands of negro slaves from planters' exploit.
Except the his own intelligence, the support from southern government make him have enough courages to write "Unites States Declaration of Independence" and "The Emancipation Proclamation" with Jefferson.
Without such a huge amount of people stood behind him, finishing such a huge task will just be a unrealistic dream.
That is the positive value of mainstream.
Undeniably, there are much value in major, it will just be weak in people's illusion.
The examples of Lincoln and Copernicus are just the tip of iceberg, and there must be no denying that the strongest power belongs to most of people from past till now.
I'm glad to receive your letter asking for my advice on how to learn Chinese well.And I'm quite pleased to give you some tips on it.
Generally speaking,yochoosu'd better enter a Chinese Class which is choosed by most foreigners who determine to lear Chinese well.Besides me,you can build wonderful friendships with many other Chinese that will play an important part in improving your skills.Also,it is of great benefit for you to read Chinese books and magazines.In addition,my another suggestion is that singing many Chinese songs with significant lyrics indeed help a lot.
Nowadays, with the situation that many college students are spending a lot of time on the Internet.,people are becoming increasingly aware of the great significance of the issue that whether college students may live in a virtual world and isolate themselves from their friends or not.From my point of view,and I would elaborate the most crucial causes here.
One of the primary causes is that Internet provide a new and convenient way for us.Hence,the appropriate use of making friends can get across to individual closely.Thoughout Internet,we can make friends with all works of people and all kinds of people,which can broaden our horizons.
As the saying goes,"All corners of the country are brothers".
Another reason that can be seen by every person is that Internet will let us associate with each other rather than isolate ourselves from our friends.As a result,we can learn more communication skills.
Taking into account of all these factors,we may draw a conclusion that it is undeniable that Internet is of great significance .Therefore,it is time that we should pay much attention to use the Internet appropriately ,and should not indulge ourselves deep in the virtual world all the time.
For tourists traveling into the mountains, altitude sickness can be an uncomfortable reality.
The lightheadedness.
The nausea.
The vicious headaches.
Cattle, ostensibly, endure a similar fate.
Each year, ranchers who raise their herds on the lush grasslands of the Rockies find that up to 20 percent can suffer from a form of high-altitude sickness, commonly known as brisket disease.
The illness, brought on by a lack of oxygen, which causes the restricting of blood flow in small arteries in the lungs, is particularly costly for ranchers.
Experts who have studied the condition estimate that it kills more than 20,000 cattle across the West each year and renders many more unproductive.
For the three years now, as part of a continuing effort to contain the illness, a team of researchers from New Mexico State and Colorado State Universities have been trying to determine which cattle are more likely to be genetically disposed to survive at high altitudes, where grazing can be plentiful.
Life likes a mirror,which can reveal your happiness and sadness.
Everyone has own unforgettable experiences no matter what did they take for you.In my memory, the most unforgettable experience is the psychology struggling when I failed to higher education.
There are some reasons for this.
First of all, I want to go to a good school for further study.Therefore, in order to achieve my dream, I worked hard around the clock to read and write without careless.
However,when I knew my scores, I really cannot receive the result because I did not believe why my efforts took so little effect.
As is known to all,"No pains,No gains.
"That means if you want to get something,you must be paid fistly.At that moment, I didn't think this word is fit for me.
Sometimes,I want to ask the God why did you treat me like this.
You hurts me deeply and gives me a scar.
What's more, I don't know how to apply to all the persons who care about me so much especially my parents.In my daily life, no matter how difficult questions came across, they supported and gave me courage to defeater any thing all the time.
Therefore, I felt that I owe them so much.
They give me all the things that they can provide, but I let them down.
Finally, all my plan was broken.
I did not know how to confront with it at one time.
With the time passing, I begin to think from the opposite side.
Maybe it wants to teach me how to face with the changing.You must be optimistic and braveness to receive the result.
Society always teaches us no matter what they are from happiness or sadness.
It often gives us deeply thinking.
Nawadays, the gap between parents and their children is still a severe problems.So,what is the generation gap?
I think the gap that is the diffrence and misunderstanding between generations.
Like most people, I and my parents also have generation gap.we often argue with each other because of some smallest things.
For example, in my high school age.
I thought I should have a mobile phone to go to school.
It was easy for me to ring home and find unknown knowledge.
But my parents didn't think so.
They said I would use mobile phone to play games and chat with others.So we were so angry.
How can we solve this problem.I think that the most important is to forbear and understand each other.The diffrent generations should respect each other and try to understand each other through communication.If we can do so .The generation gap will be narrowed or even disappear.
With the development of the science and technology, our life has changed a lot.
The pace of our life become more and more quickly, so we should adapt this circadian rhythm.
For example, our clothes becoming considerable fashion they worn some gauze clothes to show their charm long-long ago.
But nowadays, in summer people wearing T-shirt .shorts and sandal.
In winter, they wearing cotton-padded jacket to keep out the cold.
For example, people uesed carriage riding instead of walk, now people taking the bus and texi when gone out.
Also at the aspect of entertainment, people took radio to gain some information, but now we can entertain by watching TV .newspaper and computer.
In short , people has changed in many aspects ,and our lifestyle becom better health.
I think this is people's progress.
In the picture ,we can see that a man who in the computer is throwing mines to other people.And there are two people tying their best to run away.
As we all know,the computers are becoming more and more general in our daily life.As the computes bring more convenience for our life,work and study,we should pay more attention to the harmfulness of online rumors.
Online rumors like a mine that is definite time.Nobody can know when it detonating,because it is hidden in our surroundings.Online rumors sometimes can do harm to our reputation.Also,online rumors can destroy our family,career and our future .In addition,online rumors can screen our eyes and lead us not to see the fact.What's more,online rumors sometimes can bring about serious mistakes,so it can make a great impact to our life.
In a word,the harmfulness of online rumors is terrible.
As for heroes, we all admire them, praise them, and even try our best to do something to be them.
In my opinion, firstly, a hero must be a brave person.
He should be brave enough to protect something or somebody.
Secondly, the people should have a strong faith to overcome all difficulties they will meet.
If they cannot solve their own problems, how can they have ability to help others.
Thirdly, heroes must have a warm heart, they have the strength ang will love others, so they are always ready to do something.
An indifferent person can not be a hero, because he will never help others or be moved.
At last, the person who has a strong sense of responsibility can be a hero, for that he will try his best to do what he should do and what he can do.
In fact, there are also some people who have no consciousness of being heroes, they save help others, just because of human nature.
For example, when emergencies or difficulties happen, they will give their hands to others without hesitation or thinking.
In a word, heroes can be women, men, children, old people, and even animals.
As is known by us,there are two types of reading for pleasure and for learning.Though I always read for learning,I prefer reading for pleasure to reading for learning.The reasons as follows.
Firstly,reading for pleasure not only can bring me fun,but also it can have a good influence on my families and make them smile.For example,when I am reading a book full of funny stories,I would repeat it to them.
Then,everywhere would be filled with laughter.
Besides, it can believe me and encourage me to deal with roadblocks bravely.
In my opinion,reading for pleasure is better than the other way of reading.
Secondly,in my eyes,reading for pleasure can impress me.
For instance,if a book is very filled with fun,I would keep it in mind.Consequently, I can memorize the words easily.On the contrary,if I read a book for learning,not only can't I get the knowledge easily,but also I would be lost fun.So I would rather choose the reading for pleasure than the reading for learning.As a student I need to read the message and I won't give up the reading for pleasure.In summary,reading for pleasure is the best way to read,which not only can help you gain knowledge but also laughter.Although I have to read the message for learning, I favorite the reading for pleasure.
As the famous American writer said," We decide what is important and what is trivial in life.
Everyone has the right to change his own life such as study and the career.
Changing all of them need people's ambition.
So I stand the view that forming our own destiny is what ambition is about.
First of all, I think we are different from others so that we have different opinions on the same thing.
If the decisions are made, we will take different actions.
That's the reason why we feel reasonable when we decide and change by ourselves.
However we need to acknowledge that ambition plays an important role in our daily life, because it is a guide for us to make decisions and choices.According to the dictionary, Ambition is an earnest desire for some type of achievement or distinction, as power, honor, fame, or wealth, and the willingness to strive for its attainment.
Personally, ambition is not simply a dream, it's a kind of attitude towards life.
It is a strong desire for distinction and recognition of achievement.
That you should try your best efforts to gain it.
So we should make ourselves learn the real meaning of the ambition, which will be helpful for us deciding our lives better.
The next step, I would like to mention the various types of ambition because people must have their own ambitions which are different from others.
The word "ambition" would have a different meaning depending on whom you ask.
Some may want to become extremely wealthy; some may want to have good fame in society; some may want to be what their parents expected to be; some may want to earn tremendous honor, and some one may want to have peaceful household.
These various ambitions show people's desires.
expressing what they eager to get.
Making sure of our own ambitions, working hard to get the goal, we can get the benefit from the process.
For the last, how can we get our ambitions more efficiently become the key problem for most of us.
In my understand, there is only one secret for success, that is, to go in the direction your goal calls you towards the destination.
It is ambition that serves as the guiding principle for a life experience.
Make sure your goal, and plan the process and don't be afraid of lost.
It's not only said by our mouth, but need our actions.
Some people have many beautiful reason for their ambitions, but at last they get nothing.
Just because they only say without the actions.
The process may be hard and boring.
Even sometime you want to give up.
When you have the difficulties, stop your step and think about your dream and your important things, which can give you confidence to continue.
As a conclusion, ambition more often than not acts as strong motivation and orientation for a person's ultimate dream.
Though you have no words to say your own ambition, your persistence and your desire will make your ambition outstanding.
Believe that we can form our own destiny.
I was amazed at the main characte.
In his early childhood, I think he was the happiest boy in the world.
Though he had not a father, he was surrounded by other people.They tried their best to help him.In their company, he grew up healthily and happily.
But when Mr. Murdstone who became his stepfather later appeared in his life, his happiness was replaced with sadness.
He becam unluckily and sad..
He and the housekeeper was totally in Mr. Mudstones' power.
The cold man was determined to crush the little boy, so he behaved badly to the boy in the way that I can't believe.
Things became even worse when David's mother passed away.
David experienced many serious things from which he suffered a lot.
Luckily, he found his aunt and she accepted him.
After some ups and downs, he finally achieved happy endings and new life.
As far as I am concerned, he is a brave boy .
When he meets difficulties, he never gives up and tries his best to solve the problems that many people think impossible.
He challenges his bad life and stays optimistic.
Today our teacher in last lesson let us play a game.First,the teacher requair tha we are intn two gruops.Then, we are should try one by one up painting.But the game of rules need we must put on the bilnd pack and ask us can only one pen in the game start before.Finally,after the game to select the winner who is can finish most quickly and most like .
When we talk about how arrange the stratgy i obsever our students who are excited.After the teacher announced the begning of the game,we follow the rules.When i to painting i felt very excited too because i put on the bilnd pack can not see anything i only heard my team workers direct.
After the game although not our group to win,but i am not disappoined because we are very jioy in the game .I think they are very happy too.
With economy developing.It has common that many students use phones in school.It aslo help students learn about vast kownleable.At the same time,many students face to some problems.
The advantages of using phones are that students can open the mind which is knowledge in the books.What more,it bring up students to gain more space to think.
As the provecb goes,every points have two sides.Some people think it has badeffect on studing .Students would distracted in class perfer to put too much energy on cellphones with have a bad rest.
Our college entrance examination will be changed in 2 years,especially for English exam.In my opinion,this change is good for students.We can only have one examination now,and it means that we have only one chance to choose our college.In China,college entrance examination is one of the most important opportunities to change a people's life.
So,now a new policy will be carried out that students can choose the time and the times.It's really good news for students.English is our second language,but we spend too much time on it.If we can define it as a skills,we may not concentrate on grade.By the way,if we fail one examination we can try again,so we can do our best to learn it.
I think the chance of the examination will be welcomed for students.
Last week I visited the Mount Yunmen.
Tt was a sunny day.
The sun shone over the earth.
Before that I found the information about it in order to better to visit.
The Mount Yunmen is in Qingzhou of shandong province.
It is about four hundred and twenty one metres above sea level.
The most famous is the word "Shou".
It is 7.5 metres high and 3.7 metres wide.
I got there earlier.The air was especially fresh.
There are many kinds of trees and lots of birds.
My friends and I had a picnic there.
During the picnic we took many photos about our good time.
After that we bought a few souvenirs.
Until now I still remember.
I am very interested in the position for a assistant to General Manager that you advertised on today's China Daily .i studied business administration as my major at Guizhou University.i am confident in my ability to work as a assistant to General Manager.
i will graduate from the Guizhou University of Foreign Trade three months later,i have been studying business administration.
I have obtained a broad foundation of business knowledge,i have studied the subject in management,trade ,marketing,finance and accounting as well as other course such as law and computer.
i am very outgoing and optimistic.i have work experience in programming and operating computers.besides,i am a volunteer,so i have a excellent service attitude and flexible mind.
I look forward to discussing my application with you in an interview situation,i will be able to attend for interview at any time that is convenient to you.
Teachers are very important for us.They teach us many kinds of knowledge,and tell us sense.Teachers are our friends in our ways of study.
In my heart,good teachers have many advantages.They all rich in knowledge,kind and patient,and always love to talk to students,often talk many interesting things to us in class.Sometimes strict and unsmiling.Students all like to listen to them.
Good teachers also try to be one of students.They often take good care of students,and put students as friends.Students all like them,this is important.
Good teachers can make us more excellent.we can make more progress.
It's my honor to have the chance to deliver a speech here and I am grateful for it.Of course l am not the only person who want to be the position of chairman of our school's Students' Union.There are two reasons for my campaign.
Fist of all, I have a pleasant personality.
As a class monitor in my past freshman year.
I am a capable student.
I can solve many problems.
In the other hand.I am a passionate student and I want to serve you.
These are my dominant position.
If I am fortunate elected l will try my best to serve you.I will be the bridge between you and the teachers.
So my wise friends, vote for yourself and vote for me.
Please believe that though l am not the best one, l am the best suitable one.
Thanks.
Nowadays,with the rapid development of economy,much more private cars appear in our daily life.
However,this phenomena causes lots of serious problems.Drunken driving,the most dangerous issue included,draws the wide public attention.
As we all know,drunken driving not only do harm to individuals but also to society.Many people were killed by accidents caused by drunken driving.Though people know the risk of drunken driving,such tragedies still happen frequently.Why does this problem always take place in our life?As for me,there are two main reasons.The first one is the car drivers usually lacks of the sense of social responsibility.They did not take life as a sacred thing ,being ignorant of the significance of people's life.Another reason is the government did not take effective measures to solve this problem.Admittedly, the government set up some laws and regulations to punish the drunken driving,but in fact,these laws usually pay no attention on avoiding the accidents.
Undeniably,drunken driving is a tough task,which can not be easily overcome .It is impossible to make such tragedies never happen again.But with some simple methods,maybe we can reduce the seriousness of the problem .First of all, the public should enhance the awareness of drunken driving,especially the drivers and people accompanied with the drunken drivers.When a person drinks a lot ,his friend or relative should take place of him,making sure the driver of a car keep a clear head.Second,some related organizations,like driving schools,should emphasize the concept of safety and regulations of driving during the education.What is more,government must strengthen the laws and supervise drunken driving more strictly.
If everyone be aware of drunken driving at any time,our society will not confront so many tears and sadness .So it is absolutely essential to try our best to help the people around to avoid drunken driving.
As is showed above,four young people are having dinner.However,instead of talking with each other,everyone is playing her or his mobile phone.At the botton of the picture,we can see some Chinese words which read the gathering in mobile-phone time.
The above picture is to remind us of the advantages and disadvantages of the mobile phone.Thanks to the development of human civilization,we can use mobile phone.It is convenient for us to connect with each other.We can use mobile phone to do a lot of things online.But when we play with mobile phone,we forget to talk with people in the real world..Mobile phones make people become more unfriendly.
We get more and more mature.
But our parents are not.
The opposite is the case.
Therefore, the generation gap takes shape in our life.
Today, we can talk about the fashion topic, but our parents have different viewpoints.
care about the piece of the main daily necessities.
family become unlucky.
Many people want to understand others, actually.
forces us to refuse to be outdone any more.
situation get terrible.
course , it can also bring badly influence to them .We should treat this problem correctly.
My favourite place at the school is reading room It's usually vey quiet,wideand bright When i feel tired and unhappy it is the best place to go to.
I like reading,and it and make me quiet.
There are many kinds of books,such as:novels,newspapers or magazine, it can not only improve my writting skill but also improve my reading skills.
In short,reading room is the place i like best.
I'm applying for the postgraduate courses which is arranged for foreign students.My course work in English convinces me that I would be a good candidate for the courses.
I'm an English major and will graduate this June.While pursing my dual major,I have maintained an above-average performance in my academic work.It's a great honor to study in your university.I am sure that I will get a degree of Master of Arts which is offered in English and American studies.
I have enclosed a resume and I will be available for an interview at your convenience.I am looking forward to hearing from you.
P.S.
My resume is in a separate paper.
I'm admitted to the NanHu collage in 2014.
During the time,my parents often complained about the school from my home is too far away.
Nevertheless l don't regret it, because every time l can learn more new things and meet different personal.
Even if every day we need to do the same things,but sometimes there will be moved.
Once time, l fell down the stairs accidentally my foot has been ankle.
I was prostrate with grief.
My roommate helped me go to hospital.
And she gives consideration to me very careful.
Not only dose she bought a dinner for me.
Nonetheless she also help me go upstairs my bed.
What the thing tells me , it is very important has any close friends, they for the most part gives me surprise and moved.
This is my university life, in my view, the most important thing is to enjoy your life, to be happy.
It is all that matters.
Last month,more than one hundred students in our school took an examination.
When our school announced the performance,Tom is my friend who was at the top of all the students.Nonetheless I was at the bottom of them.
I feel really sad and I asked Tom how to study well.He suggested studying together with him and he also agreed to help me make up missed lesson.In order to make a change in this terrain.My aim is to make sure I can make progress in study.So I decide to make efforts of study.
Recently, the online shopping has been a hot and newborn bussiness, many peopel has bought what they want on line instead of roaming in the shop or mall, it is indeed that shopping online can bring the people some convenience, but other disadvance on the standpoint of consumers also came out inevitablly.
Most importantly, the truth of something bought online would trouble everyone who was abstracted by the colorful pictures on the website, many people would been deceived and had to received the goods because of the tiring return procedure.
But we can not give up eating because of choking, the disadvantage should be avoided if we take the effective measures, such as establish the supervise and punishment system, or improve the third part which can be managed using market and competition mechanism.And the consumers should be alert that shopping online is a new but not only method for purchasing, others can be chosed respectively as acturally.
As far as i am concerned, shopping online should be a popular method in the future if we can use its advantage fully and elimit the bad effect availably.
As the saying goes,"More haste,less speed.
"Death penalty,regarded as the most presto and brutal punishment among the criminal cases,to some extent,restraining the impulse of criminal,displaying the overwhelming deterrence of law,as well as sustaining the fundamental stability of our society,notwithstanding hardly capable of paving the way for permanent tranquility and the advancement of civilization,could be viewed as a step back.
Historically,death penalty,originating from the feudal system,is the epitome of durance and tyranny.While dating back to 1900's or even earlier,Tang Dynasty,we can easily figure out this sadistic punishment having ever been withdrawn by the governor.Consequently,under the current political system based on the notions of liberty and equality,death penalty can be defined as the comparable yoke of monarch in the feudal system and a retrograde step.
