Switerland is a so tiny a country that there are many other countries are next to it.For example,Austria,France,Italy and Germany are its neighbouring countries.Otherwise, they have wonderful soccer teams in common.
If you can take a visit to Switerland,I'm sure that you'll be attracted by the fantastic scenery.It's known as "Worldwide Garden".Its chemistrcal,watch and food indusry is developed of the world,too.
There were several events about fake products in recent years, which caused a sensation throughout the society.
To begin with, as economy develops, people's living standards improving and they start to pay attention to consumption.
So that the no conscience producers use this opportunity to produce fake products.
Also, the raw materials of fake products are much cheaper than true products.
So that the no conscience producers can get more profits.
What's more, as technology develops, fake products were made much better and easier.
Though, the no conscience producers find a great variety of ways to make those things that are similar to true products, the finally quality is very different.
Firstly, there is no doubt that it not only infringes consumer's rights and interests but also violates producer's work ethics.
Secondly, it does harm to people's health, even people die from use it.
It makes people get into trouble and take sorrow to people, it even triggers panic among people.
As far as I'm concerned, we should defeat fake products and be responsible to ourselves.
Supervisory organization should strengthen the supervision.
What is known to all is that everyone has their own numinous aim and dream of their life.
For me:longing for love; keep healthy and having the ability to prop up my life, these are simple but also significant.
What is even more important for us is live in happiness.
First of all, longing for love has three aspects:family love, friendship and love(between man and woman).
As for me, having a complete family can receive the innermost love, also I can learn to love and to be love, which will make the love more valuable and pluralism.
Friends shall be sincerely, friend in need is indeed.
"Wherever you go, whatever you do, I will be right here waiting for you ".
The love, in my opinion means the only, (he knows you, be willing to pardon you, and protect you, take you as the only), true love is magical.
Health.
Persons often say:the body of revolution is the capital of life, health is wealth.
Therefore, I want to have the health to realize my dream in the future.
Last, but is not least.
Having the ability to prop up my life is the most valuable.
Oneday, if I can help others by myself, it will be a happy session.
All in all, all the possibilities of happiness are always here and always available.We should take the initiative to seek happiness,rather than passively waiting for it.
The other day, our teacher asked us to do fun and interesting game.
The teacher took the picture good pig posted on the blackboard.
The rules of the game are divided the classmates into two groups, then, each group chooses a person standing in front of the blackboard blindfolded painting teacher posted on the blackboard in the pig, if everyone's ready.
Let the game begin.
After all the talk, the game is begin, two groups of players do not show weakness, while blindfolded, but we sat beneath the teammates loudly shouting, to be bench teammate command, told him how to draw.
In the end of, our teamwork failed, but, we are very happy, because it's very interesting, let me know the team work is very important.
If without sense of teamwork, we will not be able to see the result of our cooperation--draw the picture.
All in all, the teamwork is very important, everyone is needed it, believe your teamwork, you can be best.
In the book The Art of Creative Thinkng,author John Adair tells us the advantage of creative thinking,that is-Creative thinking can lead you into new paths of creative activity.It can enrich you life.
What practical creative thinkers should do?In addition to use analogy,be curious,have prepared mind,creative thinkers should keep their eyes open.One of the key points is "The ability to give careful,analytical and honest attention to what you see is essential.If you do not notice and observe you will not think.
"As a college student,I think read extensively will contribute to keep one's eye open.One can travel the world through reading.Moreover,reading can broaden one's horizon ,help student learn something useful from other people's experience.
In my opinion,to be an inventor,one must be intelligent,hardworking,imaginative,knowledgeable,and so on.I think the most important quality is innovative.An inventor has to have the ability to see the connection between two ideas or elements that are already exist.For example,a bike adds a storage battery can be an electrically operate bike.
In a word,creative thinking can benefit any aspect of our life.Thus,learn to be a creative thinker,make our life more colourful,more interesting,more convenient.
Tea is native to China and tea is necessary in Chinese people's life.
As early as 2000 years ago, Chinese people have the habit of drinking tea.
Tea is mainly distributed in south fujian, Taiwan.
Let me introduce the making process of the tea for you.
All tea is fresh leaves, buds, and shoots with tea and different processing methods, processing of tea category is different also.
If you want to drink a cup of delicious tea, do it for you.
Have the following series of actions.
First of all, you have to boil water, boil a pot of hot water.
Second, you need to take out the tea pot.
Third, you need to prepare the tea leaves.
Fourth, you need to pour the boiled water into the teapot.
Last but not least, you need to steep for a moment before drinking.
So a cup of delicious tea is made.
We can drink some tea at ordinary times.
Because it is good for your health.
We can learn to make tea, make a cup of warm tea for yourself and your family.
Thanks.
That's all.
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers, shopping on the Internet has become a commonplace in our life.
Here consumers can buy almost everything we need.
Online shopping has many advantages,but it has disadvantages as well!Ilike shopping on the internet and I will buy many things,such as clothes,shoes,digital products and so on!People don't have to waste a lot of their energy and precious time to go from one shop to another to choose the commodities they like.Online we can do this just need few minutes,so many people choose online shopping.
However, shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages,people may be got stuck,so I'm every careful when I shopping on the internet.consumers can't see the goods or try goods may not be getting the same as what they have seen on the computer them on personally.in our surroundings have many person got the shaft.So if we shopping on the internet we need be careful.
College is designed to be the best time for you.
During this time, you will be independent to think and act.
You will endeavoring to find who you are and what you are searching for.
You will be appreciated to get opportunities for self-improvement and meet a variety of people.
Although you may seldom think about them when you registered into universities at first.
Being independent from parents is the first thing you should face.
Before college, you might always want to get away from them though it is seldom connected to action.
At that time, you might feel your autonomy to be subject to erosion.
But now, there is a new and real chance for you to be free.
You have to make decisions by yourself.
You have to be responsible for your own life.
You have to be independent to think and act.
It's OK that you were confused by the goal of living before going to college.
Besides, you must set your goals now.
Widening your field of vision, taking part in the Student Union to encounter more people, choosing to go to libraries when you are free, are some nice ways for you to enrich yourself so that you can have the capability to know who you are and what you are searching for.
During the college years, there are so many opportunities for you to develop yourself, set your plans, achieve your goals.
Perhaps you will meet someone important.
Perhaps he or she will keep you company for your whole life.
I believe that you'll be appreciated to get these chances for self-improvement and meet a variety of people.
Just as proudly, college is the best time for you if you can grasp available opportunities, balance your rest and study, assembling and processing information to enrich your life.
Nowadays,instead of listening attentively in class and working hard after class,a number of students adopt all kinds of dishonestmethods to get high scores in examinations.
It has become such a serious problem that it has aroused the concern from the whole society.
the life.
beautiful future.
Some students smoke because of press,somes'reason is that they are lonely,but more students smoke because they think smoking make them cool and liker a man and so on.
Smoking gives them some nice things,but at the same time,it gives people more damages.For smokers,smoking can make them have many respiratory diseases,and if the time is long,it can kill them,there are many people die around us every year because of smoking.Smoking is bad for themselves who smoke and others.Forexample,as a student,when you smoke,it's also dreadful for others,in that they smoke indirectly,it makes them feel uncomfortable,especially in a minor place,such as the class room,dormitory,so I think the students couldn't smoke,for others and themselves.
We can do many things,when you intend to smoke,you can try to listen to music and play basketball or do other'things what are positive for you.I think you will do it.
Nowadays, many people want to be a teacher.
It is easy to be a teacher, but is difficult to be a good teacher.
As we all know, teacher is a sacred and lofty profession, and a good teacher requires many more qualities than others.
First of all, it goes without saying that to be a good teacher one must know one's subject well.
Perhaps this item sounds as an obvious one, but there are cases in which students realized that their teacher is incapable of answering their questions.
Consequently, a good teacher must brush up his knowledge to be prepared to clarify his student's doubts.
However, knowledge alone does not make a good teacher.
More important perhaps is a conscientious attitude toward his work, and a caring and loving heart toward his students.
On one hand, good teachers are dedicated to their career.
They are passionate about education and enthusiastic about teaching.
On the other hand, good teachers know concern is a special and of love.
They respect and trust their students.
To sum up, to be a good teacher must pay more than others.
So if you want to be a good teacher, you must try you best to improve yourselves.
My english teacher is very humorous.I still remember that when she calling a roll on the first class.
The way she calls the roll is fun, and I can't help laughing.
She is really humorous, and I feel she is our friend because of it.
Moreover, when she talks about something interesting, she would be extremely excited, it always make us giggle again and again.
She is always smiling, but sometimes she would be angry at us.
Furthermore, I think she really keeps pace with the development of the internet.
She asked us to hand in homework via the internet.I have never thought that one day we will hand in homework in this way.She did surprised me.
In a word, I am really glad to meet my English writing teacher.
I have a lot of good habits.I always exercise.I drink milk every day.And I never eat fast food.
I hardly ever watch TV.
Also I often go to the dentist.However,I have some bad habits,too.
I use the Internet twice a week.My parents are not happy,because I always stay up late and I never help with housework.so I think I am not healthy.
Someone said that the National College Entrance Examination was a turning point in one's life.
At first I thought it meant whether you could be admitted by a university determined what the rest of your life would be like.
But after I took this examination personally, I totally understood what this saying means.
In the summer of 2008, after the result of the National College Entrance Examination had been announced, the word "failure" had always haunting in my mind.
Before that, I hadn't experienced anything that goes against my will.
Several days later, I went back to my school to choose my university, and some of my teachers suggested I re-study all the lessons in Senior 3.
Considering the pressure, I didn't say anything.
In the next days, I kept thinking about whether I should re-attend classes or just wait to be admitted by a vocational college.
Having been hesitated for several days, I had no choice but ask my mom for help, thinking that she would make the decision for me.
Hearing this, I rush to my room with my tears running down my face and I thought all of this was resulted from the bad result of my examination.
On the next morning, dad woke me up and patted me: dear, what your mom said and done yesterday was all good for you.
You are 18, and you should make your decision.
Dad's words made me widely awake, and from which I knew not only what mom's love is, but also what the adulthood means.
In the view of most people, women shouln't appear to be as smart as men.
The woman and the man are equal in the right.
In China, you can see that there are many women staying at home to look after their family instead of going out to work.
Because the husband think their wife is not as competent as themselves.
In the past few years, my hometown is a beautiful place where I was born and spent my childhood.
It was a small village which was surrounded by a lot of mountains, rivers and many trees.
Seen from the top of the hill, the village was magnificent.On the foot of the mountain, we can see broads field.
Especially in spring and autumn, we can see a lot of peasants in busy like a bee.
In front of the field was a river which you can hear a brook tinkling, seems to sing songs for farmers who spent the whole day in the field.
It winds smoothly through green farms and shades by pleasant trees till at last it emptied into the vast sea.
It is convenience for farmer to watering the crop.
Not far from the river was lie a dense forest for people have a rest.
Many people get used to chatting and children are fond of playing under the tree.
There is a path in the forest.
I love it very much.After the dinner, my grandparents and I usually go for a walk.
I used to run along, playing or chasing each other.
In autumn, the path was covered with yellow leaves.
It was very poetic.
Walking around the road, you will discover a beautiful village.
My family and I live in the center of the village.
A big yard where wet clothes were dried and which I spent all night listening stories that my grandparents told me was found in my home.
Though my hometown only lie in a small village, I still love it very much.
It was my hometown that gives me a happy childhood.
However, in recent years, great changes have taken place in my hometown.
The beautiful scenery in my hometown suffered from the government's policy.
A bleak and desolate landscape come into our sight.
The mountain which was beautiful in the past was mined.
The river was polluted by the sewers discharge which was come from the factory.
To make a living, the people had to cut down the trees.
As a result, the tree had vanished, and all the beautiful scenery were lost.
Nobody went for a walk on the road.
If we protected the environment, the village would maintain the status quo.In fact, it is our duty to protect the environment.
In general, I was lost a beautiful place and disappointed with the policy.
I don't like it.
Me----A Perfectionist.
I've been always thinking I'm a perfectionist.
I'm such a perfectionist that I always notice even the tiniest thing.
Finally, I often get myself into trouble.
Take the following for example.
Every time I read, I'm so serious that I often get every sentence, even every word understood.
That often takes me a lot of time and energy to finish an article in comparison with others.
And I can't often get quite high marks in the exams.
So I get frustrated, confused, and can't move on.
I turn to my friends for help.
They always advise me: "You can't be so serious.
I've tried to conquer this problem for a long time, and it improves, but a little.
And now, I can read faster.
I know it's my habit; it's a little difficult to change.
However, that's not so bad all the time.
I have a right attitude to my work and take responsibility when things go wrong.
And I can analyze every detail comprehensively.
Finally, I can solve them perfectly.
Friends around me trust me and feel relieved if they ask me for help when they have problems.
I know perfectionism is a mixed blessing.
I consider I should take good use of it.
I consider I should take good use of it.
And I will learn how to be a real perfectionist gradually.
My favourite's library in school.
Persons know how to restrict,themselves.
Be had more politely,and it is a good place for you to read plenty of novels.
I,m go to hanging out in library after school because even.I go home.I may not have the moonorcon ditions to finish my homework,and it is a good place for you to meet so me friends.
Who have so mething in common and I.We can shave experience on Monday.I always go to library,because very quite.
Reading books can help me grow and grow grow as s person,develop your interests and help you learn new skills.
With the development of society, life of people is becoming more and more convenient because of the advanced technology.
At the same time a great number of rubbish also come into existence.
Not only it can pollute our environment and damage our body , but this make us lost numerous resource.
However waste sortng can help us to reduce this problem .
There are many benefits of waste sorting.
As all we known.
Some rubbish can be recycled while others cannot be.
If we though away those rubbish together then all of those will become useless, in this way, we can cut back the use of land.
In the other words it can help us reduce the contamination of water and land.
For example the abandoned materials , which do harmlto human being and animals.
Furthermore, there are many deserted plastics that are harmful to crops.It has worse effect on land, the soil becomes unfertilized.
On the other hand.
It can help us save money in some degree , let us take the waste cans as example , we can recycle them and then transform them.
They will become new cans and we will be paid with some money.
Summarizing all the advantages of waste sorting.
We are aware of the importance of waste sorting.
Nevertheless it needs all of us to take action to put it into effect.
When I was 20, walking around the compus in a cute costume, and blush as I speak.
When I was 20, borrowing Shakespear, A Young Artist, and Ulysses from the library.
At the age of 30, the secret of success, Elle, and Managers' Personal Charming were put on the head of my bed.
When I was 20, the summer vocation came, and I came across my dream boy on the street of my hometown, hearing that he had admitted to graduate student, and I was knocked by his progress, thinking he will never see my success in his life, and bursting into tears.
At the age of 3o, I asked about all the way where I can get a MBA with money.
When I was 20,I was willing to tell everyone my age as soon as possible.At the age of 30, I hated others asking my age, and if you really want to know, just guess it.
When I was 20, I always wanted to have a date with a handsome boy.
At the age of 30, I thought I was so stupid with that ideal.
When I was 20,where there is a book store, there is a me.
At the age of 30, the salon instead of the book store.
When I was 20, mama on the phone, I always hung up the phone in a rush without more than three words.
When I was 20, I just wanted to gain success, and no one can stop me.
At the age of 30, I really didn't want to leave, for it is New Year.
When I was 20, I just wanted to be famous before it is too late, for it is meaningless to have nothing when you are 30.
At the age of 30, I didn't want to be famous, I just wanted to be as rich as my boss when I was 40.
When I was20, it was fun to eat cone in the crowded bus.
At the age of 30, it made me sad when I see the shabby taxi.
Come on, when the price down, please get a new one to lead you to a new life.
When I was 20, I bet I would stay at other places instead of one place for my whole life.
At the age of 30, I spent all my time and energy buying a content and cheap house in this city.
When I was 20, I read novels and only got the things about love.
At the age of 30, I named myself in the chat room "nothing about love".
When I was 20,up hearing a celebrity, I cheered, and rushed forward.At the age of 30, upon hearing a celebrity, I feel lost, upset, angry and so on.
More over I don't know what kind of feeling it is, especially saw the young, beautiful and famous woman.
When I wan 20, saw a film with someone and pulled hand with him occasionally, which brought about happiness all the summer long.
At the age of 30, sitting in the Shangri-la revolving restaurant to have a meal with my clients, with the slowly rotating, a burst of emptiness upon to me, and all of the thing turned into boring.
As 90s we have too many different.
We have the unique behavior and different values.But I intend to say all of these isn't our fault.With the development of society,we have more and more emphasis.Firstly,we have to consider study and obtain.Secondly,the population of China grows up faster and faster in recent years.And this situation leads to more and more fierce competition.
Therefore,some children with 90s only think about themselves, don't care about others.And they aren't able to do things well,they will give up if they have any difficulties.In addition,they are the lack of confidence.The blind pursuit of material satisfaction,and want to be famous.In view of this phenomenon more and more serious,people worried.
Although we have many disadvantages,we also have advantages.For example,we dare to challenge and dare to change.In the end,I hope people can believe us,we never make yours despair.
On account of the advanced technology, our life becomes more and more convenient and colorful.
However, we also confront many environment problems such as how to sort waste, deal with it and other pollution.
On the one hand, waste sorting can deal with some poisonous materials such as batteries which contain poisonous chemicals to make soils poor and the water polluted as to kill many animals and plants, even mankind.
On the other hand, some wastes are renewable, waste sorting is good for recycling the waste resources and extracting the good part of it to reuse for human beings who are in a shortage of resources.
However, some rubbish which is useless also needs to take some measures to deal with.
There is a good way to do with it.
That is to say, we should have a good sort.
In addition, waste sorting improves human being's quality and shows the process and modern civilization .
Drawing a conclusion, if waste sorting can be dealt with better, we will live in a harmony with nature.
Please stretch out your hands to classify the waste which is produced in your life.
Only in this way can we make our society more beautiful and more harmonious even have an advantage for our children, also, give the society room to continue sustainable development.
This is the reason why waste sorting is very important.
The picture describes an old woman sit on the chair and stare at the mirror with sadness and distress.It seems that she live along without relative and kids,she can only talk to herself.She looks sorrowful and frustrated via her expression.
It's common in our society that old people live along in their shabby house.Don't they have any children or grandchildren?
Certainly not, they mostly have many children and grandchildren, they may be eaten up with diseases,they are eager to stay with their children.They popularly had a sweet family when they are young and they were adored by their children.Nevertheless, children grow up and want to get rid of their parents when they are more and more old,the young go to bustling cities to earn their living,the old are left in hometown due to their weakness and sickness.
The empty-nest elderly are always ignored by their children even if they are weaker than before.
Some of their children settle down in big cities and have a happy family with their own children and wife,others are too busy to visit their parents.
Those old people are lonely and they always wait for their children with expectation.
With the development of economy, a great deal of young people choose to find a good job or get better education where is developed than their hometown, they can't go back home frequently because of they are compelled against their will.
As we all expected,we all want to live a high-qualify life, we may go far away our parents.
We should give more concern and care to our parents despite we can't stay with them for a long time,we are able to phone them so long as we have free time and go back home to accompany with them if we have holiday.
Our parents miss us than we think.Therefore, we should communicate with them and give more time to stay with them.
I think love can make our world better:because love can make the light not seems so far away.
Love can make the children will not alone any more.
Love belongs to anyone in this world.
Love is a gift from the God.
When we were born we have the love from our family.Maybe sometime you do not understand how much other love you.
But please look around this world.
Someone sacrifice their live to save another.
Their love can help many persons get warm.
We stay strong because of the love.
We have been broken but because of love, araise again.
All this is because of love.
IF WE GIVE OUR LOVE TO SOMEONE, MABY THE LOVE WILL CHANGE TO HOPE FOR THIS WORLD.
SO OPEN YOUR HEART TO LOVE.
USE YOUR LOVE TO MAKE THE WOLRD BETTER.
Eating and dressing were important things to us,each adult was busy on work, and they are just contentment for important things.
And they go for work on foot,this situation just appear the past.However,more and more people for enjoying go to work at today.In the modern city,most of the families' life level have large improvement,live require also more and more highly.
Now,people go to work havn't on foot no longer,however a large number of people have taken the bus,even taken the taxi or the driving.On weekend,most people will choose have entertainment and a reunion dinner together their families or friends.
So,our life have large changes and rapidly development in good,we should love our life and have better to built our society.Get our society more and more beauty.
Recently.
We class being hold on a "Friday News Hour" .
In that day we can read many books.
I'm very approve to do this.
But some classmates do not agree .
they think it will waste much time .
However,I don't think so.
In my opinion,On the one hand reading is good at us,it can open our eyes and make us deeply understand this world.
On the other hand it's very uesful to improve our writing ability.
So I suggest wo should be raeding a lot of books in our free times.
As we all know,friends are very importent for us.However,how to chose our friends in our daily life?Nowdays,more and more people forget to enjoy the life and the friendship.I think all of us should spend some time with our friends.When staying with our friends we can release ourselves completely,we can do whatever we want,we can laugh together and so on.We should make friend everyone,but we must be right chose .we should learn each other and help each other.There is a famous mpttp saying that"A friend is like a quit with cotto wadding,but the real thing that keeps you warn is your own temperature.
My dear friends, welcome to my hometown.It is the name of HeChuan.There are beautiful scenery and the friendly people, the city is a very livable city.
I'll take you to go fishing city first, as it is one of the better preserved ancient battlefields in China, as the national key cultural relics protection unit.It is also the history of the city.Then I'll take you to the dragon mountain.There is a temple, strange stones, and pine forests.At last I will show you around on high schools and colleges, have very good teachers and good students, the school has trained a batch of and a batch of talents.
Here is a historical and cultural city of beauty, hope you like the city, have a good time here.
To be an actor seems to be an adorable profession in consideration of its huge salaries.But isn't it strange now that what they have earned was much over their expectations?This tradition should be changed.
The remuneration for a movie star,like Brad Pitt, is twenty million dollars,which is incredible while many average people even can't reach it for their whole lives.It's high time to abandon the tradition of paying actors huge salaries.
When it comes to ways of obtaining information, the majority of people believe that the TV is the best source of news.
However, from my point of view, newspaper is essentially significant in obtaining information.
There is no doubt that news report is much more profound than the TV news.
News reports not only report the news but also deliver the reason and essence behind the story.
Besides, reading newspaper is not limited by time.
So you are totally free to choose any time to read it.
Today an increasing number of people are realizing the importance of intelligence.
When you read newspaper, you have to think, imagine, and guess and so on.
It's undeniable that reading newspaper can increase your intelligence.
In spite of the convenience and vividness of the TV news, we cannot turn a blind eye to its demerits.
From what I have mentioned above, we can see clearly that newspaper is the more advisable way of obtaining information.
From the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary, we can ascertain it easily.It says that the death penalty is the punishment of being killed that is used in some states for very serious crimes.
NO,NEVER.
It only means the world's population might have a slight decline.
It only make their families pain.
It makes no effort on its real purpose.
The punishment just for the sake of making sb.suffer as they have broken the law or done something wrong.
If the person is dying, how can he has a feeling, let alone suffering.
From this aspect, the death penalty is useless.
Nevertheless, I want to know the real purpose of the death penalty.
The government make a law for the death penalty in order to shrink the crime rate through the punishment and establish a peaceful society for its people.
But, we cannot see much progress on this issue.
We cannot have any feeling about the peaceful society.
We can see that more than 35 countries in the world who have repealed the death penalty have no serious criminals during the recent ten years.
Although it sounds unbelievable, it is true.
The death penalty cause an opposite effect on its initial purpose in some countries.
Some people don't dare to die.
In order to achieving their personal desire, they actually decide to sacrifice their life.
In this degree, the death penalty should be changed.
To a certain extent,I think the death penalty is a step back.
It makes the evil wind grow since the death penalty may destroy the evidence.Then the evil will do everything they want.
It has no advantages in the progress of the country even make it go backwards.
As we all know, it is God who created human beings and give everyone the right to live.
No one can deprive of the right of life, whatever happens.
From these words, we can discover it clearly that the death penalty is a step back for a country.Maybe we should suggest our government to consider about the cancellation of the death penalty.
Dear dad.
The winter vacation is coming now and mom is planing for a journey to hunan.
On the first day, we will go to Hengyang by train.
There, we will spend the day climbing to the top of Mount Heng, and we will also see the beautiful sunrise there which must be very enjoyable.
On the second day, we will take a train to Fenghuang to experience a traditional way of life.
We will also visit the former home of Shen Congwen who is a modern Chinese writer.
On the next day, we will travel by bus to Zhangjiajie where we will go white-water rafting on the Mengtong River.
On the last day, we are going to travel to the top of Mount Tianzi where we can see the splendid sight of the high mountain rising up through the clouds.
It will be wonderful.
The price for each is 1500yuan before nonetheless now it is decreasing to cost 1300yuan per person.
I think we will have a wonderful time there,please don't worry us.
We are looking forward to traveling to Hunan.
There will be a fashion show on next Friday evening.It will be fantastic.I hope you can go with me.
I wonder if it would be possible for us to meet at 5:00 pm next Friday at the library.Please write to me soon.I will be grateful if you can go with me.
With the development of education reformation, character education has become a hotly-debated topic.
But compared with traditional education, the former is more focusing on the enhancement of students themselves and education of comprehensive quality such as social skills.
Character education covers the shortage of tradition education.
It's extremely important because social development has proved a student he who only does well in the exam is not suitable to a position of modern enterprise.
Especially in China, exam-oriented education creates a lot of students with high marks but the lack of social abilities.
For example, Chinese CEE creates many "Number one scholar" students every year.
They always become the model of senior high students and the focus of whole China.
Taking down of character education is terrible.
As the matter of fact, if character education is not taken seriously, a man, even a whole nation will be clean out of modern society because of the strong competition.
That's all my thoughts above.
In recent years,because of a marvelous number of non-key university students can't get suitable jobs to satisfy a normal life and the most of high school students have enormous pressure,some parents make a point that national exams for college entrance should be banished.Although they take some reasons that appear to be right,I have a different opinion.Our country should keep this way that senior high school students pass the examination and get into college.
On the one hand,the fist of all reasons why we should keep college entrance examination system is that exam offers an effective way for selecting personnel.Then,it is fair and square for all students.Besides,only in this way can you get a high score and enter famous university.However,if we throw it away,I'm afraid that there is not another better way to replace it.According to the data of country statistical bureau,eighty five percentages of people oppose to all kinds of considerable advantages in it.
On the other hand,the test increases motivation for learning.This phenomenon should be shown in an easy way.Comparing with the United States students,Chinese high school students have more power to study and come out their dream.All things are attributed to this exam.This type of education will make them reach academic smarts' potential.On this account,it can be called accelerated learning.
In fact,almost of students suffer from stress in all directions.A lot of parents wish the country can cancel this system.Neverthless the learners'pressure will exist in another way.What's more,some people think that students that study at low-lever universities have more opportunity to get a good job without this system.But we will find persons who have general skill are not competent for hard work.
To sum up,we shouldn't banish national exams for college entrance.It is suitable for Chinese situation before a new model appears.The exam gives all of us an opportunity to go to college.We can take the parent's care into consideration.But we should think it in a right direction.
Now, a lot of students learn English by listening and reading.
And pay little attention to spelling so student writing have many spelling mistakes.
There are many several reasons underlying this phenomenon.
First, teachers are always pay attention to make students listening and reading in order to pass the exam.
And ignore spelling.
Second, students are not really motivated for what they are learning.
Many students don't like studying English.
Third, most students are learning English in order to pass the exams.
So they only do some listening or reading and ignore spelling.
To solve this problem, I think we should be made aware of the serious institution of spelling.
On the one hand, teacher should pay more attention to teach student spelling and make them like it.
On the other hand, students should make more spelling to improve their writing.
That is use for pass exam.
In my opinion, spelling is use for listening and reading.
So we should learn to spelling well.
I'm sorry for disturbing you but I'm really in a mess.The coming CET4 demands a high level of vocabulary grasping.
I'll appreciate it if you could lend me your electronic dictionary,which can solve my problem.
I'll use it cautiously and will return it in three days.
Thanks.
With the development of society, people always produce waste every day they live.
However, people often ignore the waste sorting.
This is a serious problem because it is harmful.
What's more, it can make the global warming and makes the quality of air is reduced.
As far as I'm concerned, if we don't do the waste sorting well, firstly, it may give the cleaner increase many troubles, they will spend much time on sorting the trash.
In addition, there will produce a large number of harmful gas when the waste is lit and make some people feel uncomfortable.
It is an important thing that will make the global warming.
You can imagine what will happen in the future.
However, if we do the waste sorting, it not only makes the cleaner's work become more easy, what's more, it lets the scientists invent some new energy to improve our life.
Recently, I read an essay about the trash, some scientists separate the food from trash and invented a new gas to life by the food that the people don't need so the waste sorting is very important.
According to this, we can find that we don't only economize on energy resources but also do the waste sorting well.
New techniques should be developed and applied to reduce energy consumption in industry and daily life.
In addition, we need a comfortable environment.
Nowadays, more and more college students are faced with the opportunities and challenges.For example, the opportunities are college students part-time , social practice , research enterprise , the public business and the support of government .
Firstly, part-time job is a college student better clear positioning of their own .
Hone will sheer spirit cultivation and perfect personality .
To improve the ability to adopt to society .To avoid the growing self-awareness in the process of crisis.
Einstein said university of school should be the goal of the youth leave school.
As a harmonious person rather than as an expert .
And a part-time job for college students cultivate a way of independent personality harmony in society.
Success and failure is not a measure of things the pros and cons .
In the process of college students can precipitate self growth experience, improve the thought,healthy personality.
It can get some revenue work-study programs.
Alleviate the pressure of home and meet your a kind of pursue independent.
Part-time job can help us to adopt to society earlier contact with more and more people get more social experience .
Exercise gets along with people the ability to work with people.
Lays the foundation for the following job.
Learn to strong in the face of difficulties to learn how to protect myself.Part-time job can reduce the college students fear to society.
Work refers to the material and spiritual rewards obtained by physical and mental labor to pay a specific organization or individual social practice activity.
And the measure of students' work and great harm to the standard work lies in the development of college students is to promote or hinder the role of.
Poor students work will undoubtedly become the effective way to reduce the burden on the family to alleviate the economic pressure.
For the family rich students, part-time income can let oneself gradually toward independence,and earned money filial piety parents, the family is the whole society to vigorously promote the feedback phenomenon.
Practical ability, from the look, the exam oriented education system in China is not the practice of training talents and creative.
Most of the students' practical ability is weak, a serious gap between theoretical knowledge and practical operation, less social experience,superficial phenomenon is very common, have grandiose aims but puny abilities.
Work is a good way for college students to improve the ability of the accumulation of social experience.
On the role of social work perspective, college students, cultivate the ability to adapt to society, to work, will undoubtedly improve the utilization rate of social talents, social services, to contribute to society, is the ultimate value of our contemporary college students.
The so-called part-time work is based on the rational allocation of time, through specific organizations or individuals to pay for physical and mental labor and material and spiritual rewards social practice activity.
It can enrich the amateur life.
You can find the direction of their future occupation in time.Through part-time jobs to gain work experience, increase the weight of future job.
In concurrent post to find their own core competitiveness.
To know many of their own future is very helpful in working process.
A part-time job can help us to recognize self, social experience, maturity.
Outstanding performance in school, feel good, but in the society can play through the test on the difficult work, provides us with a drill field.
The enterprise practice is closer to walk into the beginning of the social display their talent ,even if you have any knowledge will let others know.
Optical theory is for a person is empty .Only with the real social experience.
Hero will have nowhere to go.
Take part in social practice can learn a lot .
Not only can increase social experience .
To accumulate social experience.
It can also broaden interpersonal handling their relationship as well .
It can also boost confidence.
Many students think entrepreneurship is a profession .
In the employment peak .Give yourself a broader sky .
And a lot of people think the self-employed .
People in the society in the future will be more and more .
Even become the mainstream of employment.
His first computer become college students employment after graduation.
The requirement of the economic ,economic reasons student choose an important cause of their own business.
In taking economic construction as the center of environment working conditions is to consider an important factor.
Self-employment may bring good economic benefits.
Entrepreneurship can reduce the pressure on college students' employment.
It is helpful to college students' self value realization.
It make for improving college students' own quality.
It can cultivate students' innovative spirit.
Entrepreneurship can promote knowledge transformation to productivity, promote the increase of social wealth.Development of private enterprises.
It will also improve the private enterprise from members of the quality of the structure.
College students' venture has multiple significance to the economic and social development.
More job opportunities ease the employment pressure.
To avoid waste of talent resources.
It can improve the ability of the practice of the entrepreneurs and cultivate innovation spirit and innovation consciousness.
It can achieve innovation and achievements transformation of science and technology to promote the transformation and up grading of the economy.
And increase social wealth.
It also can pull private investment in the coutinous and stable development of regional economy.
The lack of entrepreneurial experience and entrepreneurial conditions of college students entrepreneurial path is full of difficulties and hardships and risks, needs the government,the school and the society from all aspects give enough attention and support, the establishment and implementation of policies to support entrepreneurship quality, directly affects the realization of positive significance to the economic and social entrepreneurship,which determines the entrepreneurship support policy should be a comprehensive social policy, rather than just economic policy.
The so-called social policy entrepreneurship support policies, through the comprehensive use of economic, legal, administrative means, to cultivate innovative talents, guide and inspire entrepreneurs entrepreneurship, promote the emergence and development of enterprises, the protection of entrepreneurs and venture enterprise legal rights, and enhance the innovative capability of the whole society, to promote the economic social harmony, sustainable development.
However, at this stage of the support policy of our government at all levels the introduction of entrepreneurship, belongs to the nature of the economic policy, policy tools and the target is relatively simple, the function and role of policy is relatively limited, the policy effect is still in the "no overall plan for a fundamental transformation" stage.
Indicates that all students entrepreneurship, regional culture, humanistic spirit, social environment and other factors of the development of College Students' entrepreneurship plays an important role.
Policy and law are two different governance tool, has the important value to the business support.
Market economy is an economy ruled by law, in the rule of law society,entrepreneurial activity in addition to rely on policy resources, one of the essential elements of the other is the law.
But there are examples to those who are college students tend to be a fatal blow, legal issues, including illegal because of ignorance of the law case and the ignorance of the law and deceived, some even very painful, sad.
It is really my honor to be here to introdue myself.
My name is J,and I am applying for a primary school English teacher.
I am graduated from FuShun University,Ienough like English,and l play with children,so l study English Education.In addition,I'm good at drawing,dancing and singing.
I also worked as a part-time English teacher in school.And care about the people and things around,and their relatives and friend get along,can be understood and forgiven,Iam full of confidence in life.
My lesson is the child's learning interest,let the children learn English easily,bring English into life.
I hope I can be friend with students.
I will work hard to be serious and responsible.
I hope I can get the job ,and I will try my best to do it well .
That's all.Thanks for you attention.
Recently, the Chinese Governments have taken a measure that smoking will be banned in the public places by noticing,which will make sense on 1st January,2011.There's no doubt that the measure can decrease the rate of illness which is caused by the second-hand smoke.
A survey indicates that about 350 million people smoke in China and 75% of them are male while others are female.However,540 million people have been affted by the second-hand smoke for a long time.As a result,over 100 thousand innocent people who even never smoke have to pay their lives for the second-hand smoke.
As far back as the 15th Centery,when Spaniard and Portuguese opened up the new route, the world began to connect to a whole.It was the start of the culture aggression launched by the western countries.After the World War 2,the whole world enters to a more open era.Then some people think that the western culture's aggression should become more and more severe.
In the theory of Marx's philosophy,there is an opinion that we must distinguish the principal contradiction and secondary contradictions.In the age of globalization,the principal contradiction in China must be the development of economy.Putting the economy into the centre of the work is the most effective step to protect our culture.
If one country's economy is prosperous enough,she can attract surrounding area,and sometimes she can assimilate the surrounding,such as the Tang dynasty.The main reason why the western countries' popularity influence the young people in China much is their highly developed economy.So what we should do firstly is to make more money.
Trying to reform the culture when developing the economy is the next step.Some old people criticize the young,saying that they don't value the traditional culture.Nonetheless it's not the mistake of the young.World is changing,so does people's mind.Everything is changing and you can't impose the changing people and world to accept the thing which is unchanged.So if we intend to preserve the tradition,try to change it,letting it conform to the new world.
Finally,just like Tong and Han dynasty,we absorbed other cultures a lot when assimilating them,making our culture more abundant.Can't we absorb the other cultures when inheriting traditional culture?World is a whole and every culture has its own virtue.Absorbing other culture is not a thing that we can't bear.It is really a narrow mind to fear the western culture will invade our country.
So I think,developing our economy,creating the new element into the tradition and absorbing the good thing of the other's culture are the essential things.
Nowadays,along with temptation and attraction,the society is becoming more complex,the life is becoming more difficult,absolutely,we have more pain and illiberality,we may do more things that we dislike or disgusted.
However,Diogenes,he was a great philosopher and the founder of the creed called Cynicism.
Although lots of people thought that he lived like a dog,his life style was quite strange,they looked him down and disliked him.
But he cared nothing for the convention of society.
As a 21 year old girl,I always think a lot of things about study,friends and boyfriends,it makes me feel worried and anxious,I always thought a lot for other people, but I become tired.Now,I want to be Diogenes, because the freedom is the most important thing in my life.I want to be a happy and delighted girl.Of course,I will not imitate Diogenes to bark at those I dislike.
On the other hand, Diogenes had a great dream to spread positive energy, He looked it as his lifetime cause.
I hope I can put my entire heart into my beautiful life and to be a heart-free girl, I will not be fettered by those boring things any more.
Now many college students will be selected to participate in the civil service exam, in Chinese every year tens of thousands of people to participate in the civil service exam.Some college students stressed out because of the civil service examination.However, there is still lots of people take part in the civil service examination.
In my opinion, to participate in the civil service examination is the students after graduation to choose another way of employment, while the pressure.A lot of people who took the exam, but very few people on the final exam.For these to participate in the civil service examination of the people, this is a great opportunity.
Therefore, I think that college students to participate in the civil service examination is a good choice.
Nowadays,scores is more and more importantly,so we must get our English scores.
First,we must have confidence in ourselves and try to make ourselves love English.Interesting is the best teacher,the same is an important condition to improve scores.Of course,interesting is not only.So secondly, we should have a lot of reading,reading can improve our English ability and its score is very high.Then usually need to large vocabulary,vocabulary is the basis for learning English,this requires that we usually memorize remember more.If we can add a large amount of exercise training more woundful.
Improved scores on the key of diligence,come on students.
Nowadays, there is a heated debate among people, especially among young people which is related to whether the children should learn to compete or be taught to cooperate.
Different people hold various views towards the item.
Some parts of people who are holing the opinion that children should learn to compete have serveral sound reasons.
First of all, competence is a crucial way to help us learn how to be a stronger student in the school.
In addition, by competing, children can sharpen their edge and enlarge their knowledges.
Moreover, we will find our disadvantages and advantages through it at the same time, we will know ourselves better.
Just as everything has pros and coms, there are also some people who disagree about it.
In their eyes, due to the rapid development of education and innovation, cooperation is playing a vital role in our daily life.
To children, the future of our country, are supposed to learn cooperate well in their studies, activities and so on.
As the proverb goes, without cooperation, we can't succeed in modern society.
Today, cooperation is one of the most important spirits in every aspect of life.
For myself, as a college student of 21st century, I'm in favor of the latter because in college, a great number of jobs need cooperation, cooperation is becoming a essential element during it Only by cooperation can we learn how to deal with things well and how co communicate with others suitably.
By doing this, we will improve our ability which concerned about social communication and most important of all, is team spirit.
If the competence is separated from cooperation, it will cause a very terrible consequence which has a bad influence on our personnel growth, social stability.
Without cooperation we will have no harmonious and cheerful society.
With the development of the educational system, many schools take one step to shorten the distance between students and teachers.
In the end of each term, students can rate their teachers without writing themselves names.
It has been a popular way to let students speak out in their own way.
Although it is common in the students, there is no consensus of opinions among people as to the view of the students' rating of their teachers.
Some people are in favour of the rating because it can reflect the teachers' position in their students.
If the teacher gets a high score, children like him doubtless.
But the other people claim that the students' rating doesn't mean everything.
One situation is that one teacher got a high score which is only for the humor but not for valuing the ability of teaching.
It's unfair to those teachers.
As far as I am concerned, students' rating not only can strengthen understanding and communication between teachers and students, but also be essential for the improvement of the standard of the education.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
There is a widespread concern over the issue that Should high school students get online frequently.
But it is well known that the opinion concerning this hot topic varies from person to person.
A majority of people think that students should get online frequently.In their views there are 3 factors contributing to this attitude as follows: in the first place,they think they can access knowledge and broaden our view from the Internet.Furthermore, in the second place, they have chance to chat and share with friends.Above all,they will play relaxed.So it goes without saying that conlusion.
People, however, differ in their opinions on this matter.
Some people hold the idea that students shouldn't get online frequently.
In their point of view, on the one hand,surfing on the Internet for a long time can be harmful to the eyes.
On the other hand, poor self-control students may be addicted to computer games.
Therefore, there is no doubt that  students shouldn't get online frequently.What's more,it will waste energy and time.
As far as I am concerned, .I think the Internet is certainly has its advantages.But if we fail to keep the balance of studying and playing ,the Internet will affect our normal study life.
As a middle school student, I don't have much free time, but I still have a lot of things to do.
I like listening to music and reading, so in my free time, I always listening to music and search the Internet for about half-hour.
It's a good way to relax myself.
I always do some reading before go to bed.
Besides, I always go to swimming after school.
Exercises help me to keep healthy and do good to my study.
As the same as other students, I often watch TV in the evening, but I have to finish my homework first.
At the weekends, I will help my mother with the housework, such as clean the house, do some washing.
And, it's a time to visit my friends.
We are always happy together.
Every person would like to be successful.
Not really.
In other words, it's not the exact reasons.
I reckon that there are two things that has the most effects on being successful: efforts and patience.
Efforts means sweat, means pains.
As the saying goes: No pains, no gains.
It's impossible that one can succeed without hard working and struggling.
Even a genius cannot as well.
The course making efforts is also the course accumulating knowledge and experience.
When you get the enough amount of the knowledge and experience, you will probably be a success.
Patience is another necessary thing that can lead to achievement.
In some cases, patience is even equal to be a loner.
Maybe you are not be understood by others, or you are always failed, but you never give up and you can stand up next time to try it again.
That's the patience, and that's the personality which the successful all own.
Sometimes success is far away and sometimes success is standing by you.
We can be successful one time we choose efforts and patience.
So efforts and patience are the factors contributing to achievement.
I will brand the special day in my mind for all of my life.
It was a summer day when the sun was burning like a fire and it was terribly hot on the ground.
I had been wandering in the house restlessly until the news came that my little nephew was born in the hospital.
I ran out of the house even though it was hot outside.
Jumping into a cab, I urged the driver to drive as fast as possible to the hospital.
The taxi was moving like a snail leaving other buses behind.
The trumpet which had bothered a lot sounded like a piece of wonderful symphony to me at the moment.
After arriving at the hospital, I ran all my way to the ward where my sister-in-low was staying.
The corridors were filled with l. I said hello to fragrance the nurses and patients I encountered and they smiled back as if all of them were celebrating the birth of my little nephew.
Breathlessly I was standing in the front of the door of the ward.
I stopped and endeavored to calm down because I was going to give the best impression as an aunt in my newly-born nephew's mind.
Every thing done, I pushed the door and entered the room.
Differing from my imagination, there was no loud noise.
Instead, the room was covered by a peaceful, sweet atmosphere.
All people gathered around the bed.
I asked anxiously to my mother whose face was shining like a beautiful flower.
Everybody burst into laugh because of my lip of tongue which I myself was totally not aware of.
"Look, here your baby is" mom answered pointing at a cradle.
I trotted to the cradle.
A rosy face came into my view.
Dressed by a the cute small-clothes and covered by a thin blanket, the two twinkling eyes stared at me and his mouth opened a little as if he was breathing the fresh air in the new world.
She smiled and said.
I nodded confidently and was eager to begin.
Followed my mother's order, I successfully held the little baby in my arms.
I had to be as careful as I could for he was very soft.
Looking at his soft cheek, I enjoyed the steady breath and heartbeat of a totally new life.
The weight was low, but there was a flowing of proud and joy in my heart, because I was embracing a new life the first time in my life.
Time is marching on and my nephew is growing up healthily.
However, the day which I witnessed the coming of a new life and felt the holiness of it would never vanish.
Two years ago,when my father was on business and my mother was meet her best friend in the other city.
I was alone at home.
But I can look after myself because I can make meal by myself.
But I think when I finish my school I don't had much time to cook some meal.
In the night I'm afraid of the dark, so I must turn on the light.
Also I can't tidy my room because I was too lazy to clean the room.
Even so,when my parents are come back,I can tidy room by myself and my parents was too amazing.
We welcome you for your enquiry and thank you for your interest in our fireworks and firecrackers.
We are enclosing our illustrated catalogue and price list giving the details you ask for.
As for the payment terms we usually require confirmed, irrevocable Letter of Credit payable by draft at sight.
We are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the quality and craftsmanship.
We feel confident that you will find the goods are both excellent in quality and very reasonable in price.
In addition, we would be able to make delivery within a half month after receiving your order.
I'm H. I have been in this college for a year.
I want to talk about my highlights of high school years.
Well, when I was a senior high student, I had a close relation to my classmates.
I was an English monitor, so I almost came to my English teacher every day, whose name is X.
As for our courses, we have to study Chinese, Math, English, History, Geogrophy and Politics so that we would go to college if we passed the big exam, which named GaoKao in Chinese.
In my senior high, we have a few out-class activities that are about Enlish Writing.
I think it is more interesting.
The reason why we have a few is that we spend most time in studying major subjects.
My felling that I think my highlights of high school is when I had finished my last exam.
I think I was happy.
And when I received the Chengdu Uiversity of Technology admission notice, you can't believe how wonderful this made me feel.
I did not regret studying in my high school because it is worth it.
Nowadays, when we walk into the supermarket, we can easily find that most of the products with beautiful packaging.
Such as the moon-cakes are placed into the elegant boxes; the peanuts are put in a well-designed can and so on.
First, for the money.
To attract the consumers, the businessmen will over-packaged their goods and raise theirs price so that they can earn much money from the sales.
Second, for the face.
When someone is going to visit another, he should buy something for the host's house, and the beautifully packaged goods will make them earn the face.
Third, most of the consumers considered that the more beautifully packaged the goods are, the higher quality the goods are.
But I think the consumers are totally misunderstand the excessive packaging.
The excessive packaging will pollute the environment, mislead consumer's attitude and harm the consumer's benefit.
To avoid this happened again, we should launch a public education campaign to remind the consumer of packaging doesn't equal quality.
Also we should make and compete the stander of packaging, only in this way can we prevent the excessive packaging happen.
Nowadays, people all over the world attach great importance to the more serious problem of air pollution.
From my perspective, taking better advantage of the natural resources such as tidal, solar and wind energy is the best way to solve this problem.
First, these natural resources can reduce the air pollution which causes by the fossil fuel.
For example, too much nitric oxide and carbon dioxide emission will lead to acid rain and greenhouse effect.
And these bad circumstances result from the burning of fossil fuel.
However, fossil fuel still takes a major part in industry.
So, air quality must be improved if we use the natural resources.
Second, the natural resources are not only clear, but also costless and can not be used up.
Because these resources come from nature--wind, sun, and tide, jokingly, we can use them until the end of the world.
So, there will being a profound impact if we use these resources.
In conclusion, it is fully wise for us to use the natural resources.
Once we want to be in a good condition of air, just think highly of the natural resources in any field in our life--electricity, cooking, warming and so on.
We are often willing to take photos to memorise the moments we want to retain.
For instance, when we go to the scenic spots, we always take photos to make the lovely scenery freeze-frame.
Therefore, taking good photos is the crucial thing.
In order to take good photos, we have to adjust the camera to a proper condition, choose a best point and process the picture.
The first step is to adjust the camera to a proper condition.
First of all, we need to adjust the focal distance to an appropriate situation.
For example, if we want to take the integrated scenery, we need to make the focal distance short.
It's also true the other way around.
What's more, we need to adjust the aperture.
Besides, if the light is dim, we need to choose the big aperture.
By this way, the picture would not too dim.
The second step is to choose a best point.
If we choose different positions, we may take different shapes of the same scenery.
And every scenery has its best position to appreciate it, thus we need to choose that position.
For example, if we want to take a photo about falls, we need to stand at the feet of this falls.
Besides, if we want to take a photo about people, we need to put the people in the middle of the whole picture and exclude elements that don't irrelevant.
The last step is to process the picture.
When we take photos, we may leave out some elements such as the expression, light and so on.
Therefore, we need to process the pictures.
There are some software to process pictures, such as Meitu Show.
It can make people more beautiful by adjusting the lighting effect.
Furthermore, it can cover up the places we don't satisfied.
It also can make our eyes bigger and hide pimples.
In addition, we can choose a frame of the picture.
As far as I'm concerned, we can take a satisfying photo by doing those.
It's easy to take a good photo so long as we grasp the main techniques.
Nowadays, many aspects of our society are improved and promoted, however, the environment is still surrounded by a large number of unsorted waste, which not only pollutes our living space, takes up plenty of space, but also hurt human health.
So it is imperative for everyone to classify the waste.
There are some different ways turning the" waste" into wealth.
For instance, according to their categories, attributes, we can sort , recycle and reuse some of them correctly and effectively.
In addition, we can do advertisements, and provide related waste sorting information for the masses, so that the can know more about it and strengthen the awareness of garbage classification.
Apart from those, as a city dweller, we should refuse to throw garbage away everywhere and it is also a good way if we sort our daily waste ourselves like beverage can, plastic productsand battery and send them to the waste treatment plant.
If everyone do like this, it will improve the qualityof our environment, keep health, create resources and save space.
In conclusion, our small action regularly will make a big difference.
Have a good university for half a year I feel fast, very full.
Winter vacation started, and has two months for winter vacation, it's very long, the rhythm of life became good slow, but there are still let me fell very meaningful.
Now I am taking dance class, teach children to dance , feel very happy.
I also like dancing very much.
And I hope to teach children each.
At the same time, everyone likes dancing.
Children are also like me very much.
This makes me feel happier is proud to have a child said I love my dance teacher, feel so surprise.
Saw then in Baoding television slow, I feel have a little sense of achievement.
And I decided I will always stick to it.
After a year, and older, mature, let every one of us in the New Year come, happy everyday.
From the establishment of Roman Empire to the victory of World War Two; from the Renaissance to the Industrial Revolution; from the first utilization of metal to the invention of planes, common sense has always been playing a significant role in the development of human civilization.
While some people claim the superiority of creativity and originality, it is still a nondeniable fact that views held by most people tend to be correct.
Strong exemplifications can be seen from the instances of Nicolaus Copernicus and Fountainhead.
Copernicus was a renowned astronomer who established heliocentric theroy, an absurb theory at the time it was announced.
Creative as he was, he had to rely on numerous commonly held rules to discover and announce his theory.
The calculation, the method he applied to prove heliocentric theory was, of course, is exactly the same method most of his peers.
One of his motives to announce his goundbreaking theory was the tenet that scientists should always be loyal to the truth, which is also a common belief even at his time.
Apperantly, common sense is vital to Copernicus's discovery of heliocentric theory.
Had he not relied on the conventional wisdom, he would not have succeeded and we can predict that anyone who disobeied those simple rules could not discover the theory.
Written by Ayn Rand, Fountainhead is a novel about an architect who named Roark violated people's aesthetic views on architecture at that time but finally succeeded in life.
Although Roark succeded while violating some rules followed by most people at that time, there are still a vast amount of rules that he has to obey to accomplish his goal.
In pursuing his dream, Roark became unemployed and had to work in a quarry to make a living.
It is the conventional wisdom of persistence that encouraged him to take on steps and to continue his dream.
In this case, common sense is inevitable for Roark's success, since, had he not stick to the work in the quarry, maybe his dream would never been realized.
Both the story of Copernicus and Roark prove to us that common sense has a higher possibility to be correct, for they have been examined by generations of people.
The line graph gives information about the rate of smoking in Someland among men and women from 1960 to 2000.
It is clear that the percent of smoking in men remain decreasing.
On the contrary, there was a steady increase until peaking at 30% in women's statistics data, which was followed by a gradually falling before 2000.
The data indicates that the numbers of smoking men reach the highest point which is approximate 600 per 1000 people in 1960.
A noticeable drop can be found in the rate from approximately 55% in 1970 to 30% in 1995, whereas it slightly declines before 1970.
As for women, the data witnesses a dramatic upward trend which triples the number of smoking women from 1960 to 1975.
After that it remains stable in the high number until 1980.
Next there was a steady reduction of smoking rate before 2000, however, the number of women smoker in 2000 is still more than the data in 1960.
To sum up, we can find that the rate of the smoker are similar in women and men after the 40 years of changing.
It can be expected that there is fewer and fewer people smoking.
We have only one Earth, so please protect it.
But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
For example, people catch fish and put dirty water into the sea.
This makes the sea dirty and kills fish.
People throw away rubbish everywhere too.
This pollutes the land and animals become less and less.
People cut down the trees.
This destroys forests.
But sea, forests and animals are important for us.
Without sea, our Earth can't live.
Without forests, we can't breath fresh air.
Without animals, we can't listen to birds' music, we don't have plain, ship and submarine.
Because they are all from animals.
My grandparents live in Liaoyuan,a city not far from Beijing.It has so many tourists here.Liaoyuan is a very attritycity.Because it is a city in Northeast China .So it's not hot in summer.I usually go there When I was on holiday.And there are some employed people in the town because there istoo much labor.In Liaoyuan ,there's a lot of food I like.There is pretty much moble phone in the town so that I can contact with my households.I can also visit gorgeous architecture.
Liaoyuan not only many of my family but also my favourist city.It has many of my childhood memories.
To staffs,we will develop the foreign language course,because our company which has won a large order from exporting.So we have to learn foreign languages.
But just some of you who have 3 years' experience needs to attend.
We will start the course on 11Nov..
Long long ago,a landlord' s daughter who was very charming and smart was thirsty of knowledge.However, girls were not permitted to go to school at that time.So, Zhu Yingtai pretended like a man.Then, she went to school successfully.
At school, she met a classmate named Liang Shanbo who was excellent and knowledgeable.They were like old friends just the moment they saw each other for the first time.The two talked and discussed together a lot from then on.Later, they decided to be sworn brothers and became more intimate.
Spring went and autumn came.Three years had gone.It was time to say goodbye to each other.Zhu had fallen in love with Liang.
Liang also hated seeing her going home although he didn't know that she was a girl actually.Accidentally, Liang found she was a girl with surprise and rejoicing.
He wanted to marry her.
However,Zhu's father had already accepted the proposal of the young master surnamed Ma, a son of a rich family.Liang got sick severely and then died.Zhu escaped at her wedding day and cried loudly in front of Liang's tomb.
Suddenely, a thunder storm came out and she jumped into the tomb.The wind ceased and the cloud scattered.Flowers were dancing in the wind.Two beautiful butterflies flying out of the tomb happily.
It has become a famous love story among the world.
Everyone has an experience of staying at home alone when his or her parents go out.
I have ever stayed at home by myself.But I don't want to be alone at home.Because I depend too much on my parents and I can't be away from them.But one day, my parents had something important,so they had to leave me alone at home.
I wanted to go to school so had to stay at home alone.
On that day as soon as I came back home from school,I happily threw my schoolbag on the sofa and ate lots of snacks.Then I enjoyed an exciting film on TV.Next, I played games on my mobile phone.
After a while,I was so hungry that I wanted to eat something.I was about to cook dinner but I found I could only do some simple cooking.So I did some simple dishes.But the dishes were not delicious.I started to feel lonely.I wanted Mum and Dad to come home soon.Because I couldn't take care of myself well.
I think being home alone was not always perfect.So we shouldn't depend too much on our parents.We should learn to look after ourselves.
Nowadays,more and more teenagers start to smoke.The number of teenager smokers is increasing fast.The problem that why the tendency to become more and more severe has aroused nationwide attention.
As a matter of fact,teenager have great interest in smoking.When they are young,they may see their father or mother smoking,they will think why their parents need to eat these while paper stick and spit tobacco.Opinions differ among people.Some call on school authorities should add more education about the harmful about smoking,while others believe it's mainly subject to parents' attitude.
As far as I'm concerned,parents' view count,parents are unaware of the fact that they will affect their children in many aspects,especially in behavior.
All in all,parents should give their children a happy childhood without smoking and other unhealthy things.Children are supposed to accumulate their life experience for further development rather than see their parents smoking.Therefore,only if they grow up in a healthy environment will they grow robust.
This summer I company my friends head to Fu Jian to take a part-time job which not only make me happy but also leave me some terrible time.
What make me enjoyable is that I can appreciate the beautiful scenery all the time.
Because of working in the food company that produce candy so I can eat wherever I intend.
Life fill with ups and downs.
So there are also a large number of terrible things in my summer life.
When I work there,I always be annoyed by something.For instance,everyday I have to get up at 6:00 to brace for my job.
For this,I always miss my break-feast.
So the result is that I am very hungry before lunch.
What make me angry is that the old worker blame me from time to time though I didn't do any wrong.
Though we didn't get on well with each other at the beginning, we became friends in the end.
What's more I make lots of friends who come from all over the country.And I am lucky to pick up some dialects.
Before attending school I return home to relax some days, during these days I help my family do housework.This is my hard and fruitful summer life.How happy I am that I acquire a lot from my summer life.
Nowadays,we are living in a high-speed, modern and globalized society.We are crazy about beautiful and fashionable dressing in western style,we have a lot of English songs in our play list,we take delights in the wonderful atmosphere of western festivals.....This kind of life style thus gets us into a dilemma,that is ,we are chinese,but western cultures are seeping into our daily life more and more,making our traditional culture quite hard to exist by contrast.So we must rethink and then take action,in that we are the young generation and we tend to witness the prosperity of our precious traditional culture in our lives.
When thinking about this matter,we can find it a great challenge.There is no hardship seeing that globalization has become so wide-spread and well-accepted in and by many people.As is said ,''it's a kind of life''.So when facing this situation,we have to make a difference by influential changes.The most significant point,I think,is to make our traditional culture a symbol different from that of western culture.
We should give it a brief but meaningful definition.We need to let everyone know our own things can also be interesting and fashionable,and the most important thing is ,they are just from us and we are intimate.We must make it clear that we hope people can learn about it and join it because they are interested instead of passive.When this kind of "advertising" succeed,the rest can be fairly easier.
We know this tough task can not end in a short time,and it demands continuous efforts.Nevertheless we must be optimistic and hold our belief firmly in that we are chinese,we love our country,and we hope her better forever.
The staggering advancement of technology is accompanied by individuals' overly dependent on the electrical products.
Smart phones, which are regarded as a good thing to drive off loneliness and boredom, are always in hand.
We, however, become more lonely and hollow.
As far as I am concerned, reading books is the real source of enjoyment, and people should read more books.
Others believe that we should learn from first-hand and concrete experiences.
Reading books, however, does not mean ignoring practice, by rethinking what we have read we can get a clear prospect on something else.
Secondly, I am a college student and major in Business English, for example, and do not have so much social experience, but I can draw on other successful business woman from their books which they spare no efforts to write, then I would be more capable in my business life.
Last but definitely not least, reading books can academically expand your outlook.
By reading books on military strategy, we would be more sagacious in handling problems.
By reading books about great men, we would be touched by their hard work and determined to work hard.And by reading fiction stories, we would be more innovative and creative, etc., ln a word, books are beneficial to our human belings.
There is a famous saying in China: "Knowledge makes a gentleman" just as the saying said, books are the source of good temperament.
Individuals from every walk of life may benefit from reading books, in terms of both knowledge and disposition.
Reading good books can spark your inspiration and help you become a perfect person.
Last week in our English class the students in our class had a heated discussion about the advantages and the disadvantages of advertisements.Some of the students think that ads many advantages.Firstly,with the help of ads,advertisement can make people understand the product and guide consumers.Secondly,it is enjoyable to read ads with attractive pictures and original language.
However,some advertisements are not true,it will mislead consumers.
Besides,some ads cover too much space in newspapers and magazines,and ads often interrupt people when they are watching TV.
In my opinion,ads are important and necessary but they should tell the truth and consumers should be even smarter about them.
When it comes to the choice of occupation.As far as I'm concerned,actually I enjoy doing something more challenging with better prospects.Because of the future development of the work can help us to improve our personal ability.
I believe that a good job should promote your own personal growth,motivation and career development.What are your wages?It does not measure your work is good or bad.For instance,the thieves get a lot of wages every day,but their work is good for you?Addison invented the electric light bulb,although the salary is not much.This experience gave a rise to his own personal ability,and his research is for the betterment of mankind.I think that choice the development of the work to better reflect the value of the individual.
Therefore,I prefer to have the development work,which let my future has unlimited potential.
Welcome to my hometown.My hometown is anhui.It's very beautiful place, famous by the green city.
standing near a wide river at the foot of continuous low green hills.
Youcan see many birds, for example, swallows and sparrows, fly up and down freely with happy songs.How picturesque my hometown is!In my hometown there is well-konw snack street, zhong shan road.
You can taste all kinds of delicious food.The classical old friend powder stems from there.If you have the opportunity to arrive here,Surely do not have to miss here.
Anhui, a city full of excitement, a vibrant place, a worthy person to like, it is worth people love the city.
Welcome to my hometown   - Anhui.
Good morning.
I am glad to be here to talk about being a good listener.
Listening is a part of our daily life.
In order to be a good listener, you should realize why you have to listen to.
Listening stands for respects.
That shows your good quality.
Listening can also promote a better understanding between each other.
It also helps you build an excellent relationship in your social contact.
Knowing this, however, it is not enough to be a good listener.
It is a good idea for you to figure out who is talking to you.
Parents listen to children in order to walk into their kids' world.
Teachers listen to students to knowing them and meet their needs.
The friendship between classmates can be improved by listening.
Listening can also have them help each other.
Last but not least, there are some tips on how to be a good listener.
First, listen carefully to the person you listened to.
Second, do not interrupt to talk with your own opinions.
Those are all important and necessary.
Being a good listener not only means help others, but also an opportunity you can benefit from.
That's all.
Thank you.
Hello,everyone!My name is X.I am so happy to introduce myself.I come from S.I am a quiet girl,but I have many good friends.I have long black hair,big face,small black eyes,big ears,small nose and big mouth.I like reading books,watching moves and listening to music in my free time.In my senior high school,I was no good at my math and I didn't even know the reason.At home,I can sweep the floor,cook the meals and wash the clothes.My parents love me very much.I have a happy family,I love my family.
As we all know, there is a heated topic about"Immoral behaviors of Chinese in tourism place".
It is a thought-provoking phenomenon for me to think about immoral behaviors in public.
When I was young, I saw some elder children writing down their name on a straight pine in Spring Outing.
At that time, how I envy them.
Later, I found it was a immoral behaviors, how ridiculous I had envied them.
I believe not only me but also you often see these phenomena such as: throwing away litters everywhere, walking the grass lawn, spitting everywhere and so on.
Every time I see this, it makes me feel sad and worrying.
With the economy boom of China , the comprehensive strength of China has rapidly improved .On the contrary, the inner equality hasn't improved so rapid as the economy.
As a country with 5thousan long history, a great deal of high equality people are in need.
In terms of the phenomenon, There are three suggestions.
First, the government should take some measures such as developing equality education, phrasing high equality people.
Second, the member of community need to take some to publicize the government policy and plan.
Third, In some public areas, we need set a constitution control the immoral behaviors of people.
That are all my personal views, it needs all people involved in to make a better place.
I know it still a long way for my country to improve the inner equality.
But I think if each of people try to do a high equality person,.
The future of our country will be more bright.
Everyone likes travel.Of course,I'm also.My first time experiencing an air trip to another province-hangzhou when I was eight.I ang my parents went there by plane.That was a wonderful trip.
It is said that,Hangzhou has long been a famous tourist attraction.
The widely expressed Chinese proverb, "in heaven there is paradise and on earth there are Hangzhou and Suzhou" combined with the words of Marco Polo who described this place as, "the most beautiful and magnificent city in the world" have helped to make Hangzhou one of the biggest tourist attractions in the entire country.
The next day morning, we came to hangzhou.When we get there, I feeled hangzhou really is a good place.The way to start a pleasant journey.
In the next three days.We visited Phoebe sheareri community,The Lingyin Temple and The West Lake.There is very interesting of the places,especially The West Lake.It's wonderful of anyone to show its elegant demeanour.Locals say that The West Lake provides the idyllic image of Hangzhou.The west lake is China's first national key scenic area and one of China's top ten scenic spots.We rowed the boat on the lake and looked at the sightseeings.I feeled very good.
Longjing tea is one of the most famous drinks in hangzhou.We aet the small steamed bun as well as drank the longjing tea.We enjoyed ourselves.
The trip to hangzhou impressed me greatly.
I will never forget it.
Petrolem,as we all know,is found in sedimentary rocks which are almost always of ocean origin.
The fat of living organisms consists of atom combinations that are chiefly made up of carbon and hydrogen atoms.The organisms settle down into the ooze underlying shallow arms of the ocean under conditions of oxygen shortage.Instead of decomposing and decaying,the fat accumulates, is trapped under further layers of ooze,undergoes minou rearrangements of atoms, and finally is petroleum.
Petroleum stores,however,are sometimes overlain with nonporous rock.The petroleum seeping upward reaches that rock and overhead, the petroleum can move up through the hole.Sometimes the pressure onthe pool is so great that the petroleum gushes high into the air.The first successful drilling was carried through in 1859 in Titusville,Pennsylvania,by Edwin Drake.
We all know that the life of friendship is very important.For example, my friends will be in my sad time has been around me to comfort me to encourage, in my face to difficult give me help, in my happy time to share with me.
Friends also often because of a trivial matter and the conflict, but the real friendship is not defeated by these setbacks, thank you always in my side to accompany me, but not to return the common trouble.
'No',I say.In my opinion , although beautiful outside surface is important,if your pen pal or net friends were not charming ,you will be cheated.In other words,when you meet each other for the first time,the surface is very important.Besides,true love dose not grow without communicating with each other.Maybe you can enjoy yourself and be happy together at time.
The all these results in this possibility is that true love can't grow between pen pal or net friends who have never met each other.
With the development of the technology ,there are plenty of ways of transportation all around the world, for instance: cars, bikes, flights and so on.They make our lives become more convenient and easier, however, i am interested in riding a bike.
it is a great way to protect the environment and it can save petrol resources.
in addition, it can not only overcome lots of the traffic problems.
but also it is a good way to do excierse and keep healthy.
i love riding bikes.
As the saying goes that everyone is a piece of blank paper when born.
So there is no denying that we need teachers as our guide during our lifetime.
For instance, we cannot speak when coming to the world.
So we require our parents or the people around us to assist us to learn how to talk with others.
However, when we grow up, we have to begin to learn by ourselves.
For the most of us, learning with teachers is considered to be a universal way.
Firstly, it goes with the saying that a good beginning is half success.
Teachers who have the multitude of experience and patience will give us some useful guides to help us to approach something new.
Instead, learning by ourselves, we cannot commence easily.
When we confronted with problems or difficulties at the first beginning, we may hesitate, or even give up.
What's more, we can't ignore the fact that a teacher can be a good company, providing more good conceptions and thoughts.
We have no reason to abjure teachers.
Moreover, learning by ourselves will bring us some drawbacks.
For example, it may squander our time and we can hardly focus on the study.
Not only do some tough problems puzzle us, but also many interruptions made our study not so effective.
Further more, without teachers, seldom do we concentrate on the assignments.Meanwhile, our thought has some limitation in our study.
Based on the previous, we can come to a conclusion that, learning with a teacher has much more benefits than self-study.
But we must have the ability to learn by ourselves.
So I just think that it is better to have a teacher, or in the other word, if I have a choice, I prefer to learn with a teacher.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firestly, English is an international language.
We can communicate with others by the english.it can expand our social scope.Secondly,as college students,we should make friend,if we can say english very well.we can meet more friends from different ways.Last but not least,nowadays many companies need works to be able to speak english.At the same time,it is also helpful for our children to learn English.
Any citizen needs to pay penalty for his or her crimes with several months or years in prison in the light of the level of crimes when it comes to a crime related to killing someone or committing crimes related to safety of country ,death penalty would be considered to be the best method to punish him or her and warn the public with awful penalty at the same time .
The penalty has been winning the support of people for thousands of years as soon as it was set .The law would not take back the regulations due to its solemnity .
If the death penalty just want to show the horror to the public to avoid the similar crime ,it worked .However ,why not think about the real purpose of the death penalty ?Once we do it ,the death penalty seems to lose its stable status .We begin to suspect that there is a necessity to change the forms of law and the possibility of kicking off the death penalty which is totally devoid of humanity and benevolence .
The reason why death penalty excels of punishment is that criminals would be deprived of the right of existence in this world .There is possibility the criminal kill the death as he can not bear the wickedness of the death any more .You would figure out the fault of the death once take this into consideration .For instance ,the relationship within one couple cannot maintain due to the vicious behavior to the wife .Once the wife lose reason and endurance ,tragedy occurs .The mass of matters would indeed have a great impact on children who would grow up in an atmosphere of quarrels and "cold war ".
It is easy for us to work out that the fault of the husband bring out his own death .It is no point of declaring the death of the wife .On the contrary ,it is vital to the police to check and investigate the roots and take the most suitable solution .Since the close relationship between cause and consequence , cases should be considered seriously by police .People should cherish respect life.
The death penalty ties down freedom of people who can be thought as a reasonable consequence by public and law .What we need to do is to punish the criminals ,so maybe there is no need declaring the death of criminals .We can take actions on them but actions must base on the initial purpose ,which can give criminals a hope of life .On doing this ,it is not only a society with reason and humanity ,but great contribution form criminals.
At the same time , they would appreciate a lot to the society and go all out to make an effort to this country ,which in turn to maintain the stability of country .
Therefore, we can calculate that there are many other methods except death penalty .We can choose the most reasonable one and give chances for their correction.These methods can work well in efficiency of giving humanity to the public ,thus weaken the competitiveness of wickedness ,showing respect to people and leaving a harmonious society .
The death penalty is therefore a step back and the danger of a harmonious society .Make our utmost effort to get the best solution to criminals while there remains humanity.
Man and the environment is closely related.
On the one hand, Our environment provides man with fresh air to breathe, clean water to drink, various vegetables to eat and fertile soil in which to plant.
On the other hand, Man could hardly survive if he couldn't get the necessities he needed from the environment.
Even when he sleeps, he needs quiet surroundings.
So a good environment is essential to man's life.
However, many dangers are facing human being in our environment.
First, Chemical wastes from factories and sewage in cities pollute the environment seriously.
Thus, Farmland is also overworked and has lost its fertility and some even have become sandy.
Second, Moreover, trees are being cut down, so a large scale of forests are being destroyed.
Thirdly And a variety of animals are being hunted.
As a result, many species of plants and animals are disappearing from the earth.
In a word, The balance of nature is being destroyed.
Effective measures must be taken to protect our environment.
In the first place, Laws must be passed to prohibit factories from emitting wasted gases and releasing water before they are purified.
And secondly, Moreover, people should be forbidden to throw away rubbish whenever and wherever they like.
And Thirdly rare animals must be well preserved.
Finally, new models of vehicles should be invented, which give off fewer exhausted fumes and less noise than the old ones.
can man have a pleasant environment.
As we all know, the problem of protecting the environment is very essential now .However , some people today are still thinking that it's the government's business.What I want to say here is that nature is our Mother, every human being has the responsibility to protect it, to make it keep balance.
After being aware of this thought, it is a easy job to improve the relationship between man and nature,we can grow more trees instead of cutting them down.Besides that,keeping a good habit will be also helpful,that is no throwing about the rubbish.
What's more, we can tell people who aren't aware of the importance of the environmenatal protection, the relationship between human and nature, and tell them how to make our nature more beatiful and colorful.
Friends,let's take actions to protect the enviroment.
Good morning.everyone.Today I'm glad to be here to share with you my ideas of dream.The basic meaning of dream is a series images,events and feeling happened in your mind when you are asleep.Another meaning of dream is a wish to have or be something especially one that seems difficult to achieve.I'd like to say something about the later.
Dream is the compass in life.Dream is the goal of life.Dream can guide us to the other side of success.The most important thing is it can give us the power to fight.Once you have a dream,you will realize what to do to make your dream come true,you will learn to treasure the fleeting time,and you will get the motion to move on.
When you are nobody,dream makes you go forward.When you are somebody,dream makes you keep aggressive and get higher achievement.
Dream can be big or small.Somebody gives up because he thinks it's too big,and somebody thinks it's not necessary to try hard because it's too small.These ideas are not correct.No matter big or small it is,just come on,hold tight your dream and have a try.No pains,no gains.No try,no success.
Even though dream might change in different stages of life,it's power will always be there.
When this topic comes to me,I have a lot of dreams,such as holding a personal concert,such as being a good Yoga teacher or tutor,not just a coach,such as speaking fluent English.These dreams are always hanging in my head,drive me forward and make my life more wonderful.
I believe,beautiful life starts with dream,and ends in dream.
Thank you for listening.
Recent years, more and more TV talent shows have been shown on TV.
Firstly, we enjoyed the amazing shows which came from the ordinary people.
These persons, however, became the uncommon ones - shining new stars because of it.
But kinds of TV talent shows are pouring one by one.
Thus we audiences are a little tired of watching such programmes on many channels.
I would say the reason is that editors think the shows can still catch many audiences' eye and they can find more people of great talent by the shows.
In the meanwhile, more ordinary people can dig out their talent and earn their living in a comfortable way.
In addition, the possible stars would expect that there would many shows (chances) they can participate in.
In my eye, it would be a bad thing.
First, watching more TV talent shows makes us tired in sight so that we can hardly find someone's advantages.
Besides, more the younger want to be well-known in one night.
And the similar stars are likely to be replaced by the newer ones unless they are powerful.
I think advertisements for benefits .The development of advertising also said the development of economy.Because advertising is belong to the third industry.Advertising can promote the development of culture.Advertising it self has also become a kind of culture.If no advertising words,people watching TV will make it difficult to get the proper amount of rest.
Qian Xuesen,one of the most famous scientists in China,is the hero in my heart.
Qian Xuesen was born in 1911.12.11 and dead in 2009.10.31.
He has the greatest intelligence in the world.
When he was young, he studied in many famous universities in the world, being very hard-working.
Then he won many big prizes and famous discoveries.
The most famous thing he did is the first Bomb and Rocket in China.
Now,he is the person who made our country stronger and developing.
Everyone in China will not forget him.
All of Chinese people were proud of him.
The fairy tales< The Ugly Ducking >,< The Tinder-Box >,< The Emperor's New Clothes >,the novels< The Improvisatore >,< The Lonely Wanderer >,< Working Tour >,and the drama< The NAT and water nymph > are very familiar to us.And the writer Andersen is one of my favorite writers, he also takes a great impact on me.
Andersen was a singularly tormented writer,his stories are almost the tragedies,and the characters he described were vivid, so it often let people resonate to his stories and cannot help to crying.And I think this is probably because of his own experiences.
Because Andersen's family was very poor, he star wandering at 14, then at 17 he was on the path of literary creation.
He had dreamed to be an actor and practiced singing and dancing very had, but he had no money to buy clothes, then he got a cough ,his voice is hoarse.
So he had to give up this dream.
However, he had a strong will on art career, and he resolved to learn literary creation.After years of struggle, he finally step into the literary world.
Then starting from the age of 30, he concentrated on the children's literature creation, and he wrote 168 fairy tales in his life.
< Hans Christian Andersen's Fairy Tales >is very popular with children, since the advent of more than 100 years, it almost swept the world.And it is the first extracurricular work I sit through.
I think, it is that his works are clear, beautiful and simple.
What's more, in fact, in his works some people have prototype in real life, such as the Klaus and clumsy emperor...both joy and sorrow can be found corresponding from Andersen's stories of understanding and care.
That is my favorite writer Andersen, just since I was young, I learned a lot from his books, learned how to face the difficulties, how to love others, how to get along well with others...I really owed a large debt to Andersen.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Llu Lili they are both tall and they are nice girls,nonetheless Wang Lingling has long straight hair,Liu Lili has short straight hair.
They are both outgoing.
Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling, so she sometimes tells Wang Lingling something funny,and she makes Wang Lingling laugh.
Though Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling,they are both popular.Wang Lingling is more serious than Liu Lili.
Liu Lili is smarter than Wang Lingling,nonetheless Liu Lili is not as hard-working as Wang Lingling,so sometimes Liu Lili doesn't know how to solve her problems and Wang Lingling can tell she what she should do,because Wang Lili knows about she better than people who are different from she.
In my opinion,they are good friends.
Nowadays,more and more students have been found cheating on their exams.
So,stop cheating behavior is always in test work crucial content.
We appealed to stop cheating in the exam.
As far as I am concerned, cheating will do much harm when we have examinations,which will cause a bad atmosphere.
It is high time that we should take some effective measures to solve the problem.Our students should be honest and diligent.Only in this way can we improve our study and make progress.Besides,the teacher should make few examinations in college that giving students more time to improve themselves.
With the development of science and technology, our life has been changed a lot.
An increasingly number of people hanker for expressing their moods by Micor-blog at the same time.
Nevertheless, Micro-blog may have some problems.
For example, it may cause some wrong information in that words in Micro-blog don't have in an original environment.
On top of this, Micro-blog is fictitious and it can't substitute for the real world, so if people are crazy about it, it will make people be more cowardly and lead to people are disappointed with life.
These have a negative effect on society.Sometimes, Micro-blog also spread some bad information, and it's unfavorable to build a harmonious Internet environment.
The last but at the least, in this invented world, illegal activities are more easily to be taken place.
However, Micro-blog has some problems; we don't need to resist it.
As far as I'm concerned, we can write down anything happy or sad in our life in Micro-blog in anywhere to share more people with our moods.
In the meantime, we are able to make more friends.
As government, it should make laws to strike law-breakers so that we could enjoy ourselves in Micro-blog.As a member of society, we must be responsible for ourselves.
I believe that if everyone can try their best to do everything, the Micro-blog will become better and better in the future.
One of my favourite great books is The Lost World,by Conan Doyle.
The story is set in Longdon, in 20th century.
It tells some interesting stories about a reporter's adventure in "the lost world".
Malone, the hero of the book, lives in London as a normal reporter.
He is an active man and wants to report the scoop of the century.
Luckily, once he is told to report a scientific meeting where, it is said to be, the famous professor called Challenger will attend it.
During the meeting, he said that he has found a plateau where the prehistory creature still survives.
Almost everyone doesn't believe in him, so he asks someone to prove it with him.
Then the four man, including Malone, set off to the South Africa.
On the plateau, they have a lot of strange and exciting experience.
Finally, they prove the Challenger's idea is right.
My favourite part of the book is when Malone goes to explore the lake at midnight.
As he comes back, he hears a shrill cry from the direction of the camp.
When he gets back, he finds there's nobody,and the food has been taken away.
The next morning he is able to solve the mystery.
The Lost World is a great book.
It is more than an adventure story.
Coan Doyle wrote it in 1935.
It tells how young people grow.
It is written in everyday English and the dialogues sound especially real.
Today, it is still read and loved by people all over the world.
The picture shows the difference Chinese and Westerners in between self and interpersonal relationship.
Westerners are very self, but Chinese doesn't self, most are repeat word for word what others say.Similarly, the interpersonal relationship of westerners is very simple, unlike Chinese so complex, the chart you look bad, not real life.I like the western mode of communication, too simple, do not have so much trouble to maintain interpersonal relationship.
In my opinion, college students should have a strong self, with excellent performance to in the future work and life.
Don't be too complicated interpersonal relationship is good, can let oneself easily, also can let others easily.
In recent years, the growth of global integration has been remarkable.
One of the reasons is that the expansion of information technologies, which adds to globalization in ways other than facilitating communication.
Though its full impact on political and social life is not easily measured, it is possible to gauge their effects on the economic sector.
At first glance, global integration is fast creating a world.
But a closer look reveals that globalization appears to be growing no more rapidly than it has been for years, and its pace may even be slowing.
The data from our broad spectrum of developed and developing markets suggest that global economic integration has wound down to something of a crawl.
The drop in total trade to and from 50 countries surveyed weighs particularly heavy in this slowdown.
Some nations, involving Singapore and Netherlands, have pursued integration with the rest of the world more aggressively than others, while many other remain stalled at much lower levels of integration, with little indication of imminent change.
Not all countries have participated equally in the transition to the new global economy such as the digital divide between developed and emerging-market countries.
The vast majority of economic activity related to information and communications technologies is concentrated in the industrialized world.
If this "digital abyss" is to be bridged, developing countries have the most ground to cover.
But deciding how to use their limited resources poses a difficult dilemma.
To solve it, some nations try to attract investment and develop its high-technology capabilities, and others attribute to infrastructure addressing.
Some people like to watch movies, because they think it is time to watch movies, fun and easy to read.
However, there are some people who think that reading the original more details, the language is more beautiful.
In short, I prefer the second point of view, the reason is that I think to read the original can read the author want to tell us what, there are more details and details are not out of the film, but also from the truth.
This is the reason why I like to read the book.
As all of us know it, success is 99 percent perspiration and 1 percent inspiration.
So if we want to be a succeed man, we must study hard and be persistent, never give up.
I still remember that when I was a senior 2 student how bad I was, in that time, I was a naught boy, I often disturb my classmates and trouble my teachers.
I don't like to study, so I often escaped from the class, and sometimes I asked my friends do it with me together, we went out of school and surf online or went to play basketball.
Besides, I never did my homeworks and play tricks on my classmates, so you could know how bad my grade was and majority of my classmates don't like me.
As time passed, almost all of my teacher thought I was a bad student and give up me, but the teacher in charge did't, he talked with me and said a lot of truth to me, he give me individual help every week, and gradually, I did't escape from class, I start to study hard and listen to teacher, I did my assignments on time, and what's more, I did many test paper out of class, I study to 1 am every day.
