I learnt that life is ten percent what you make it, and ninety percent how you take it.
I dream of being an English teacher in the future.
The reason is that I like English very much.
But I find difficult for me to learnt it well, I feel puzzled.
So I want to practice my pronunciation, and I hope that I can speak English fluently at college.
At college, I can choose to join all kinds of clubs for my interest.
Everyone has a different feel for college life.Some very satisfied to enjoy the freedom of college life.However,others feel that college life is boring because they do not what to do in their free time.In fact,everything has two sides,college life is no exception,the key is how to make full use of our college time,and turn it out to be rich and wonderful.Now,let me tell you about my feelings on college life.
To be frank,when i first entered the campus of our college two years ago,I think our school is very beautiful and big,and people here are friendly and warm-hearted,I know my choice is not wrong.I'm glad to be able to study and live together with my classmates nearly two years.During the two years.I find college life is differed from senior school life,especially we have no lessons on weekend in college life.So I often do some part-time job to earn some money for my living expends in my spare time.I can do anything which i am interested in.I also have much more time to take all kinds of activitities,and we don't have to get up early in themorning.What is more,My dormitory life is hamonious.I think it is the most important in our college life.There are also many foreign teacher in our school.That is the advantages of college.However,there are many students in our school,but there is only one dining room in our school,so we often need to wait in a long line,which waste much time.In addition,our school is far away from the city center,so it is not convenient for us to go out.
In a short,my college life is rich and colorful,because I can make full use of my time in college,not only I can learn professional knowledge in the class but also make more friends and accumulate more working experience ,so that we can find a good job after we graducated.I hope all of us should value our college time,because it is a precious living experience.
Nowadays,there are many problems on campus,the most serious I think is absent for class.Most of the students may find many reasons for not going to class such as they're sick or other teachers ask them to do something else.However,all the reasons are excuses.
As a college student,even if we have more time to do after-school exercises,we still have to complete our task of study.Only in this way can we finish our college life profectly!
With the graduation season around the corner, a growing number of students download dissertations from the Internet to avoid the trouble of doing assignments.
As far as I am concerned, copying other people's research findings is dishonest and it has deleterious consequences to both students themselves and the original authors and even the society.
Firstly, it is likely to lead to students'dependence on copying from Internet without any thinking by themselves to the point of acquiring little knowledge.
Secondly, it is a form of blasphemy to the original authors.
What's worst, if this academic dishonesty is in vogue, chance are, the academic circle might be stagnant,for an increasing number of people are apt to copy previous achievements rather than create new works.
In conclusion, it's safe to say that academic dishonesty on campus will bring about many negative effects.
Therefore, it's high time we had to take some actions to curb this academic dishonesty.
For one thing, the government should perfect the relevant law systems to crack down on those copycats .For another, we should arouse the students' awareness that plagiarism is disgraceful.
Last week,I did a survey among 120 students on their birthday expenses in my school.
According to the result of the survey,there are about twelve students spend less than 100 yuan in birthday.55 percent students ask their parents for 100 to 200 yuan for their birthday.200 to 300 yuan is cost by one fifth students.The percentage of students who are provided with over 300 yuan for a birthday is about fifteen.
In my opinion,I think it's normal that students spend no more than 200 yuan for their birthday.I find out following reasons for why a few students need so much money for birthday.First of all,they are likely to blindly compete with others.They want to show off they are richer than their classmates and they think they are cool.As for their parents,it's possible that they spoil their children.They love children so much that they are in a wrong method of loving them.
I'd like to give some advice.Students should get along well with classmates and stop blindly competing with them.Parents had better not spoil their children any longer and love them properly.If they can do all above,the birthday expenses will be reduced.
I was so happy when my parents go out on business an I stay at home alone.
I can do many things I can not do, for example :watching TV play the computer......
So I was so excited when my parents went out.
On the first day,I was so happy,so I got up so late,when I get up,I was map computer from 8 a.m.to 1 p.m. then,I cooked for myself.at3p.m.I went out and see a film with my students.
I down dinner at 12p.m.on the last day,I was so tired and I forgot doing my prep,so I think I await my parents.
I was unhappy when I stay at home alone.
I was so happy and excited,I told I stay so bad without they and my parents were laugh me.
I will not disgust my parents anymore.
I wish you have a good time when our spring festival comes.Now let me tell you something about spring festival.
First,it in February the Chinese lunar calendar in january first.It continues about half a month.Every year has a special name,such as tiger year pig year and so on.It is decided by Chinese Zodiac.
Second,the most important thing is that we must clean the rooms before tit comes.AND we will visit our friends and families.They will give little chidren luncky money.
We will have a big deal.
Trade deficits of the US have been surged because of the foundation of NAFTA and the WTO, but the government still spare no effort to promote fast track, which is useless to the economy.
NAFTA and the WTO originally planned to eliminate trade barriers, stimulus the export and increase job opportunities.
However, they cause the capital outflow and their negative impacts on the job market were once obscured by the economic cycle.
The growth of US export and the sustained appreciation of the US dollar lead to the rising trade deficits.The intention of NAFTA and the WTO is good,but they don't reach their targets.
What's worse, they are detrimental to the US economic interests.
Existing trade agreements need to be repaired and rebuilt.
One of the most serious problem in front of the world is the global warming.There are some reasons leading to the problem.First,people cut down tress and forests freely.Then,people burn things everywhere,even it is not allowed.And people waste things out of control.So,we should try our best to save things as much as we can.We should encourage others to do so.For example we could use more bikes or buses rather than cars.And use less disposable chopsticks and so on.If we do it,the stage will be better.If we do not take any action,as the world will become warmer and warmer,the water level will rise.It can cause subsidence and threaten people's activities.
I last weekends,I help my mom do the homework.
Because she it is too busy.
First,in the morning,I help my mom do the dishes,made the bed,swept the floor and cook.
Second,in the afternoon,I help my mom the clothes,clean the room, wather the flower and take out the rubbish.
In the evening, I help my mom clean the living room.
In a word, I my really busy in the day.
So we should everyone do their part in keeping it clean and tidy.
My school is so big.
There are some classrooms on the first floor.
There is a craft room on the first floor.
There is a music room on the first floor too.
There is a library on the first floor.
There are some offices on the second floor.
There is a president's office on the second floor.
There is an art room on the second floor too.
There is a multimedia on the third floor.
There is a parents' meeting room on the third floor too.
There are two computer rooms on the forth ground.
There are some classrooms on the forth ground.
There is a dance room on the forth floor too.
This is my school.
To some extent, I do agree with the view point that the use of technology should be limited.
Without doubt, film will be more tremendous and attractive if some stunts are adopted.
However, technology abuse can distract the attention of the audience and result in decline in quality of film.
Therefore, my recommendation is that moderate special effects be applied to film-making.
On the one hand, overuse of technology will shift the attention of audience from focusing on the plot to flashy special effects which make film lose its touching and inspiring appeal.
For example, The Storm Warriors 2, which was directed by Oxide Pang and Danny Pang, is full of special effects from the start to the ending while it is only two hundreds dialogues that the whole film has.
Special effects abuse overshadowed the movie's overall merit.
So the move had not been as popular at the box office.
On the other hand, few stunts in film is not a good choice either.
Firstly, appropriate special effects will attract the audience.
For instance, films become vivid because of application of 3D technology which attracts more people to pay a view to get a real feel of this scene.
Secondly, when something does not exist in our life or it is difficult to reproduce some scenes, technology can help.
Taking Jurassic Park as an example, dinosaurs were produced by technology in the film because they had become extinct millions of years before.
All in all, moderate special effects in films will increase the allure and overuse of technology will cast films into the shade.
For these reasons, I agree with the opinion that the use of technology should be limited to some degree.
When i know the teaching online at first time,I had questions about the validity of this instructional medium.I don't konw whether the student submitting the work was the one registered for the course.
Teaching online also required rethinking how i deliver the subject matter.Without connecting face to face,can my students mention my enthusiasm,sense of humor as usual?
My daughter gave me a learning experience.She never spoke in class.But in there onlinecourses,she dived into discussions and posted her opinions.
When the online class bagan,it's better than i had expected.The students followed directions well.I've never met any of them but i can kanow them by their homework and i can see their attitudes develop before my eyes.
It seemed to work best with students who were very comfortable with the computer and willing to become part of a community built around the subject matter.For teachers,it worked well if the teacher was willing to help build that sense of community and make students feel that teacher was always there.
Nowadays,a splendid house is no longer the only sign of one's wealth,instead,owning a private car has become another symbol of property and social status.But simultaneously,many problems have been produced with the popularity of private cars.A hot issue today is whether private cars should be encouraged in China.As for me,I hold a strong opposition to it.
There is no doubt that private cars have brought tremendous benefits to our daily life.But I think it's impractical to encourage them in China and my reasons are as follows.To start with,to the government,the countless traffic jams,which are mainly caused by the boom of private cars,have largely increased their economic cost of regulating traffic.Furthermore,to every single Chinese people,the poisonous gas released by cars has done a lot of harm to our health.What if the number of private cars becomes out of control?Last but not least,to the whole society,considering the present gap between the rich and the poor is so large,we cannot rule out the possibility that it will increase social instability if private cars being encouraged to more people.
In a nutshell,although possessing a private car is most Chinese people's dream,it's not proper to promote private cars so soon.Besides,in order to relieve the present air pollution, we should take some actions to restrict the production of some high-energy consuming cars.
My school is at F.I like My class room best.Because it's because.It's not great,but is very clean.there is blacboard behind the wall of the classroom,it is used to make the blackboard At Christmas time,the balloon will hung our classroom lamp,will have to buy the paper-cut and origamiglass.My classmates also like where.Because it is the place where we live and learn every day.
Students and teachers both encounter problems when students learn English towards a higher level above the basic.
Students discover that their English consist of complex idioms cliches and phrases with different meanings in different situations, which makes them hardly gain great progress, even they have exerted themselves.
Teachers, also, are so confused with this morass that they can't tell their students a proper way out.
So the author offers solutions to them.
He suggests that students should select proper reading matters and listen.
Also,he advices that teachers should act as a guide to choose the best way for their students.
With the development of social economy and the growing needs of people,the goods on the market is also increasing.Meanwhile,the market competitiveness among the manufacturers is becoming bigger and bigger.So,at present,more and more commodities have a phenomenon of excessive packaging.
The reasons are as follows.First of all,as we know,a beautiful package of the goods can catch the customers' eyes,especially girls.Secondly,it could sell a high price because people think that it has a high quality.Thirdly,it can help the company increase their product sales.
In my opinion,excessive packaging wastes lots of resources.So I think the manufacturers should reduce the packaging material.Nowadays,we always advocate environmental protection.So we should do something for it.In addiction,it can save the cost.What's more,the manufacturers can recover the valuable products wastes such as the bottle,the box and so on.As a customer,we should choose the one with higher quality instead of beautiful package.
When you walk on the street,something,namely continuous strident trumpet from cars,fierce clamor of factory machinery and sharp humming of a drill,may keep screaming in your ears.They are all noise pollution,a kind of fatal stealthy assassin filled with our surroundings.
The enemy does penetrate into every respect of our life.
It can damage our physiological and psychological health,the former such as sleep disturbance and hearing loss; the latter like fidgety emotion and memory loss.
Besides,it destroys the buildings.
A case in point is that the tremendous noise caused by jet plane can have windows broken.
In a word, noise pollution can disrupt our lifestyle and activities and do harm to buildings.
Thus, we should attach importance to the harm of noise pollution and manage to control it.
Before en-trying university, I always thought the wonderful things of university life, perfect friendship, experienced teachers, etc.
In my mind, friendship is one of the most important things in the university.
If we don't have some bosom friends, then there's noting interesting in our life.
Certainly, having experienced teachers is luck to me.
With the help of my good teachers, I can gain a lot of knowledge outside the textbooks.
So, I look forward to my university life.
However, when I really touch it, I had a feeling of fear of my university.
For example, I am too shy to get along quickly with my classmates.
And I am not brave enough to accept novelty things.
What's more, there are many difficult challenges in the university.
It is the most important things that to assist me open my eyes and grow fast.
For me, they're not only opportunities, but also tests.
I suppose that I can overcome them.
Because I firmly believe: nothing is difficult if you try your best to finish it.
Anyhow, I wish my university life is rich and colorful with happiness and frustrations.
I am writing to endorse the view that Mr Andrews expressed last week.
In my opinion,circuses should be banned in our city.
Like Andrews said in the letter,wild animals have the right to be free in the world.
They also accept the feeling about the environment around.
I believe that they also desire freedom like us,love the time playing with their friends,wants to live with their family happily but not live in small cages,full of training everyday... Nowadays more and more people become taking care of animals,we should also care about animals in hundreds and thousands of circuses,some of them may be old,some of them may be sick...
I think it is time for us to let them be free and we should do something for them.
One day, Madam C.J.
Waker did up her hairs.
Then she was surprised because she found that she was losing her hairs.
She was so sad.
She tried many medicines to make her hairs grow, but she gained no success.
One evening, she dreamed that a fit man with lots of black hairs showed her some plants.
Then she tried some plants to do up her hairs, and hairs grew faster.
She was very happy.
She thought that she found a way to make hairs grow.
She began to put some plants into medicines to make her product.
Then she sold the products to persons and got a lot of money.
I love my parents.
They gave me life, hug me warmly and taught me a lot.
My father is a businessman.
He is 48 years old.
He has black hair, big eyes, big ears, little nose, big mouth.
He is 1.70 metres tall.
He is a violent-tempered man.
He works in an office building.
He has a car.
He works very conscientious.
He likes to watch TV and play cards.
He likes to go to a restaurant to eat dinner.
He most likes the color is blue, but he likes to wear black and white clothes.
Dumplings are the food he likes best.
My mother is a housewife.
She is 45 years old, she is younger than my father.
She has black, straight and long hair.
She has big eyes, big ears, big nose and little mouth.
She is 1.65metres tall.
She is not tall and not short.
But in my heart, she is the most beautiful woman.
She goes to go for a walk in the evening.
She goes to work on her bicycle.
She likes to go for a walk in the evening.
She likes to go to the gym to play badminton.
She most likes red, and she likes colorful clothes.
She likes food is vegetables.
Thanks a lot to my parents.
I'll study hard .
I would not let them down.
LiXia Loves travel around the world.Last year,she went to London.She went to there by plane.When she arrived there,she felt very excited.The weather there was very wet and it often rain so she has to bring an umbrella when she went out.In London,LiXia visited many museums and learn a lot about history.Everything in London was wonderful but the food there was not delicious.This year,she went to Beijing by train.Beijing is the capital of China and it's in the north of China so the weather there was very cold.Beijing is a city with a long history.She went to the Great Wall,the Palace Museum and the Tian'anmen square.The food there was delicious.She loves Beijing very much.
As time advance,food safety becomes a serious problem in our daily life.Because of more and more people care about how to keep a healthy body.So many people is obliged to focus on food safety.
Food unsafety will cause a lot of problems to affects our normal life.
So food unsafety will affects our working efficiency.
As far as I am concerned.
Government should carry out a series of policies to guarantee people's food safety.For example, Strength the inspection and clear up the hidden danger of food safety .
On the other hand.
People should improve sense of personal hygiene, such as before having meals.Everybody should wash hands, and try to eat cooked food.
For all above.
Last time you told me that you felt bored,you want to read something but you were confused that you had no idea on reading what kind of books.You asked me to give you some advice and here is my answer.
Nowadays, people don't like to study anymore.As a college student,I think reading is the most important thing for us.
What books should us university students read?Different people have different answers.But I think one thing we should make sure of is that reading is not just for job and money,but for fun and for improving ourselves.
I think if we want to become some kind of person who has high spirit,wild see-sight and good self-cultivation,if we want live relaxing and meaningful lives, we should read these kind of books.
One.
This kind of books let us know and experience life indirectly,improve our appreciation of the beauty and raise our spirit.Literature and arts have some potential effects on people.Many books are worth reading and may change your life.
Two.
Through these books,we can know how a society runs,and how to get along with others.We can know the world more clearly and make sure what we really need.
Three.
This kind of books help us to know ourselves better,to be optimistic when face the frustration,and to keep independent.We can build our own systems of thinking through these books and have unusual and fantastic lives.
Four.
This kind of books are very useful.But I think we don't need to make a study of them,browsing is enough.
Some knowledge have direct associates with our lives.
Five.
Maybe you don't have intereste in your major,but reading books about your major is very necessary, it can help you to find a good job and do it well.
A good book is just like a friend and a teacher.
I think the most happy thing in the world is reading.Hope you can have a nice time with good books.
Looking forward to hearing from you soon.
In the picture ,the mother gives a book to her boy.We may know that the mother wants her boy to read book and make him know the importance of reading literature.In my view,I think reading literature is important.
As we all know,books are the ladder of human progress.Reading literature will make us know more and let us think more.More importantly,reading more can help us solve problem.That is to say,we can learn much knowledge from literature.What's more,reading books can change our thoughts.When we are face with some problems,we may don't know how to do them.But if you read too many books,you will know how to do them.However,reading literature can enrich our lives.Reading can't make us feel broed and we may feel enjoyed.
Last but not least,as collage students,reading literature is vital to us.
When I was in primary school, I watched a TV serial named Journey to the West.
Since that, I fell in love with it and I watched it for no less than five times.The figures in there were so amazing and lovely.At that time, I was so grateful to the writer Wu Cheng'en for creating so interesting a novel.
My debt is to him and I know there is no better way to express my gratitude than to write down the importance of Wu Cheng'en's novel which has been made on a common child.
Sun Wukong is the figure I like best and I've benefited a lot from him.
The Jade Emperor appointed him to be the guardian of the peach garden in the heaven, but he caused trouble by destroying all the precious preaches in the heaven.
Later he made a mess.
Eventually, the Jade Emperor appeals to the Buddha.
Although he is a master of the 72 methods of transformation, Sun Wukong is kept by the Buddha under Five Elements Mountain for 500 years, and can't escape.
What I have learned from this part is that no matter how powerful he is, everyone will get punishment if he does the wrong things.
Sun Wukong's childlike playfulness is a huge contrast to his cunning mind.
This, coupled with his great power, makes him a trickster hero.
Indeed, I prefer his cleverness to naughtiness.
Actually, I wanted to become him during that period.
Even he is often wrongly accused by Xuanzang, Wukong forgave Xuanzang each time.
There were always good things in his deep mind.
His most highlighted characteristic is that he hates evils as his enemies.
The majority of children have such kind of characteristic.
In their world, things are very easy.
Children distinguish right from wrong under the influences of environment.
In conclusion, his great novel not only colored my childhood, but also enriched my life.
Furthermore, it left incredible influences on my value of life.
In the novel, there were many instructive stories that had gave me lessons.
They taught me what is right, what is wrong and how to be a good man.
Hello,I am your tour guide.Thank you very much to take part in our summer camp.As we are to have a 3-week summer camp in the UK.
I would like to give you a brief introduction about it.
We will visit two famous universities over the next three weeks at Cambridge and Oxford, to feel the students knowledge and enthusiasm,we will also visit Warner bros. Studio,where we can get the complete Harry Potter experience and Edinburgh - an important cultural centre.
However, there are the following, hope to pay attention to: first of all, living in local families be polite, don't talk loudly.Because it will seem very impolite.Second, if there is something you don't know, ask the local people first.
Finally, please stay in touch with the guide at all times.
I hope we can have a good summer camp.
In recent years, problems related to food safety have been making consumers panic.Illegal cooking oil,tainted milk,chemical additives and pesticide pollution,and so on.It is already common occurrence and most people suffer from physical and property damage.But food safety also was not able to make people aware.
Food not safely bringing many affects is not good for the society and the people .
It caused the people to have the question safely to food and the people had a great deal of trauma.
Food sold dropped significantly on the market.
I am of the view that there are many ways to improve food safety awareness.I will talk about how I was doing.Don't eat food on a roadside stall.We must eat food after heating.Do not drink tap water.Heating is the most method in the instruments.As long as we pay attention to food safety, will have a healthy body.
As we all know, with the continuous development of science, all kinds of high-tech products, but now we mainly discuss is that college students should should not have a belongs to own mobile phones.
Now in college, the mobile phone is very popular, is almost a hand of of all kinds.
First, we discussed the advantages of mobile phones in the hands of college students.
We can use the cell phone with family and friends, can also be used to find information, so that we can solve the learning difficulties, in addition, we also can know all kinds of news, the fun by mobile phones and so on.
Then, the disadvantages of the mobile phone.
A lot of people will by phone fraud students, some will students use mobile phone to browse the bad information.
My point is: it is necessary to have a cell phone, because we need to know all kinds of new knowledge and talking to friends and relatives, but we should be vigilant, be careful.
It's high time for resolutions in the New Year.
Mentally, at least, most of us could compile formidable lists of 'dos' and 'don'ts'.
As the same old favorites recur year in year out with monotonous regularity, we resolve to discipline ourselves to get up earlier each morning, eat less, do a thousand and one jobs about the house, be nice to people we don't like.
It's common practice that we always announce our resolutions to everybody.
And we do apply assiduously ourselves to the task on the first few days.
Being busy, getting exhausted, finding anything else could provide us with good excuses for not carrying out resolutions, we gradually slip back into our old bad ways.
See, scarcely can we make any progress only with some resolutions.
It's the actions taken that work.
Nowadays,more and more people pursue campus romance.
In fact, around us there are a lot of shadows of romance seeking on campus.
In my opinion, we shouldn't become to the shadow of romance seeking on campus, though it can enrich our life to a certain extent.
For my perspective, seeking campus romance does exist a lot of don't recommend it.
For one thing, we can concentrate on learning if we always want to seek campus romance.
For another, it can waste a lot of our money and time.
Our parents have to work hard to support our education.
At the same time, our time is more valuable.
As a collage student, it is more important to acquire more knowledge rather than pursuing campus romance.
To sum up, pursuing campus romance does enrich our life, but we should try to our best avoid it and attach importance to learning.
In addition, we can cultivate some interests and develop our ability or make more friends to enrich our campus life.
There are many ways that contribute to success, such as an intelligent mind, a strong will or a passionate heart.
For Abraham Lincoln, his way of success is to make full preparations.
He would spend 2/3 of his time "sharpening his axe", which is truly phenomenal.
Lincoln's famous remark embodies great wisdom, carrying at least two important implications.
Success never comes to us accidentally, but as a result of continuous and patient planning and preparing.
Having defined our goal, we must have a clear idea about the means to attain the goal.
Without good preparations, many of our efforts would be random and we would most probably end up in failure.
Another crucial implication is that, in order to succeed, we must keep "sharpening our axe".
Ours is a technology-dominated world and our social progress is inextricably connected with technological advances.
It is perhaps because of Lincoln's wisdom that the United States lays special emphasis on developing technologies and has become the world's most technologically developed country.
Keeping Lincoln's wisdom in mind, we should be well prepared in everything we do.
Moreover, we should never stop where we are and keep searching for more effective means to reach our objectives.
Athlete is a special occupation, they are not only to exercise themselves, but also represent the spirit of social pursuit.
This requires athletes have good sportsmanship.
I hold that good sportsmanship is of vital importance for both the athletes and the whole society.
Firstly, possess good sportsmanship gains respect.
When you win the medal in the competition, you should prove yourself that you are worthy of this award with practical action.
At this time you not just earn applause, but also gain others respect and worship which to manifest your good sportsmanship.
Secondly, as a part of social moral, sportsmanship is very essential.
As a professional ethic, good sportsmanship represents concrete and extraordinary the whole society nowadays.
Even you are an athlete, you should also have own moral bottom line rather than keep some bad habits, because you represent the sports team.
So it needs athletes make models for the moral level of the whole society.
I still personally pointed that sportsmanship refracts our ethics in real life.
For sportsmen themselves and the whole society, good sportsmanship should be highly advocated.
This article focuses on the investments of American venture capital and private equity firms in Europe.
Over the last three years a growing number of American venture capital expend to new pastures in many different areas in Europe as Europe offers investing ,opportunities.
In order to stay in touch with local markets and develop a feeling for the local culture, American venture capital firms set up offices locally and acknowledge that each country has a different culture.
They looked at Europe as the ideal location to explore the markets and the most of them target the European market with dedicated fund.
Facing the European marketing ,the Americans have to build companies rather than looking for quick money.
And US venture capital must find a gap in high growth sectors which was called finding a niche.
Although Europe is on the right track to create the right culture for venture capital, there are still some obstacles that need to be removed.
So in the long run, if there will be an impressive number of global companies to be born is still a puzzle.
Subway to school is better than driving to school .
One reason is that subway to my school is usually faster than driving .
This is because trffic is heavy , and it moves slowly .
Subway can decrease in heavy traffic.
Another reason is that driving is enjoyable than subway .
It can save time if we by subway .
The most important reason is that subwa is better for the environment .
By subway is more cheaper than subway .
Car-parks are few ,crammed , and outrageousiy expensive .
So , I prefer to walk .
Even on raining das , I take my urnbrella , not my car .
In the wake of the development of science techology,more and more families have computers,which brings in a lot of conviences for us.Therefore people have become more rely on computers.
Rely too much on computers will takes several problems for us.
In my opinion,firstly,we rely too much on computers which might makes us more lazy than before.For example,we might be unwilling to write some articles by ourselves but to cope some ready-made ones by computers.Secondly,it might takes up most of time we spared.So we have less time to go out and relax ourselves.And it is bad for our eyes.Last but not least,it makes us have less communicate with relatives and friends.We might distanced ourselves from them.
In Stokeford 1930, there has some different Building.
Upper has a River Stoke.
On the River Stoke has a bridge.
Right have shops, below have a post office and farmland.
Go ahead right, on the is a farmland and primary school.
Further down have a gardens.
In the gardens have large house.
Stokeford 2010, bridge and river Stoke unchanged.
Farmland Disappear.
Post office unchanged.
Primary school miraculous.
Gardens changed retirement home.
I learn English on my junior middle school .
The first impression for me is difficult.
Because I can talk with the foreingers .And I can also make more friengs on the Interner by English .That's make me exciting !
While my English is not well.but,I would try my best to learn it.I believe that nothing is impossible !
Now I have reached out to English for 7 years .At times, I had lost my patient !However,I hold on it !
Nowadays,reading becomes a global hobby.And there are more and more good writers appearing in our eyes.
Indeed,reading is a marvellous way to broaden our horizon.And from this way,you can find something different from your life.
But every coin has two sides.Whereas,some others think that the most important way to obtain knowledge is to practice.It's not wrong,for we all have the social skills to explore the world.And when we integrate into society,maybe we will get more from doing this.
The more we read and practice,the more we get from life.Therefore,no matter which way you use,the most suitable one for you is important.So,enjoy your way to ''Read''.
Nowadays, many universities offer practical courses for students.
Some students prefer to take more practical courses in their short college life.
Admittedly, practice is a basic way to check the truth, but as a college student, we should learn theory course first.
Technology is one of the most important factors to promote our society to develop from one ear to another.
Now, the world is changing everyday, we are also changing everytime.
We can shopping on the internet, We also can play computer games.
It is so fuuny.
You can work at home through computer.
The internet, the main trading tool, makes SOHO (small office, home office) possible.
This will make the workplace more comfortable and reduce transportation time and hence potentially boost actual work hours.
You can learn a lot of knowledge from internet.
Internet presents a vivid world in front of us.
Sitting before your computer, only by clicking the mouse, you can acquire the up to the minute news, the latest development in politics and science and the most peculiar customs and cultures in the world.
Internet also shortens the distance between peoples.
Owning a computer, you can communicate with your relatives or friends by sending e mails no matter how far they are from you.
In summary, we have benefited a lot from the invention of computers.
So, We need changing.
Everyone need have dreams, and we should work hard to realize our dreams.
Each person is different , so our dreams are different.
As for me, I have three passions for the near term.
The first passion is that I want to pass the CET-4 examination in this year.
I have four months to make it come true.
Therefore, I should make a plan to use my plenty of time.
I will do examination paper every three days, and do some English listening comprehension.
The second dream, I want to lose my weight in this winter vacation.
So I should take more exercise, what's more, I must eat less meat and cake.
The last is I want to make me more knowledgeable, because I always think of that I am so superficial.
I need to read some masterpieces.
I have ever know of that if you have a dream is equal to a half success.
So everyone should have a dream.
Everyone has his ideals.
A businessman wishes to make greater profit; a farmer expects plumper harvests; a student tries to learn more and better.
However, one should be sensible about whether his ideal is well founded or not.
If it is, one has to plan and work hard for its realization.
Effort, skill and persistence are all necessary.
And very often, one has to get help from others, including advice and support in one form or another.
My ideal is to become a doctor.
It is said that the field of medicine is a well-paid profession, but I take it as a lofty profession entrusted with saving people's lives.
To realize my ideal I have concentrated on laboratory work to develop the analytical skills necessary to become a qualified doctor.
I believe that I will realize this ideal one day.
Miss Susan Hobson has been worked in my office as a secretary for the pass two years.During her job,she was not only work very hard,but also devoted to her duty.Alought the work was so hard,she can not say anything and finish it on time.
She has a warm heart and She is an honest woman.She is good at English and German and she can speak them fluently.Her kind will let every one love her .So I believer that she can do it well and she is competent for an interpreter.
After entering university life and high school life are different,we have to have a meaningful college life.
Four years at college are an important yet very short of time in our life.
We should have good study habits.
Talk with your classmates and learn from their good habits.
Then,we should try to be independent and learn to do such things as decisions on how to spend your time,how to spend your money.
Finally try to take part in some activities.
In short,I cherish my life in college campus and I will try hard to make it colorful as well as meaningful.
university art festival is on around the cornor ,i am quite willing to make some conducsive suggstions .
First, i think the various activities should be held to all the teachers and students in the campus.Second, since most of us are the teenergers,we are so curious about the world that we are in the urgent need for some one to guide us .therefore,some lectures are the best choice for us .what 's more, in order to fully liven the atomasphere and be sure everyone can enjoin it, some competitions can be held.
in addtion ,we can display some meaningfull things to stimulate the spirits of the creation.
as far as i'm concerned,the university art festival should be held under a lush,favorable atomasphere.
various activities is not must but aslo meaningful.I do hope you will find my suggestion helpful and pratical and the university art festival can be held succesfully.
There are many people who have with us through the stages of life in our life.So I love everyone around me,but the family play a role in the whole life of someboady.I believe everyone will love the family most,I'm also included.
Firstly,I love my mother.She is kind-hearted and forgiving.For each of the things into consideration is very considerate, especially about my health and safety issue.
She would always give advice and comfort of patience.Secondly,I love my father,too.He is conscientious work, work hard and make money, his words very few, but his love is great.
So I love dad.Thirdly,my brother is very learned.He is my set a good example for me.Every time,I am in the trouble,he always help me overcome difficulties.He is also a good brother of listening, always patient listen to me complaining all the complaints.
They are worthy of respect.
At last,I think everyone has someone you love most.To me it is my family, because my family to the love that I learned how to love others.
My name is X.My phone number is 100000000.My qq number is 30000003.My friend is Mary Green.Her phone number is 420-347-889.Her qq number is 300002.I come from China.Mary Green is from USA.I like orange.strawberry.Peach and grape.Mary Green like's strawberry.Grape.
Peach and litchi.
This is my first time away from home for more than three months,To tell the truth really is extremely homesick.So before the Spring Festival, many days I have been unable to hold myself back.
After three hours of travel, I finally returned home.The Spring Festival is busy, everywhere abound in festive atmosphere, I try to help my parents with special purchases for the Spring Festival, at the same time in order to complete the practice, I find a part-time job in the township of a mobile business hall , go to work for eight hours a day, where I learned a lot of things.
The thirty days of the new year according to custom, some friends and I went to the village elders to pay New Year's call, everybody is very happy, when my sister came I give gift money to my nephew ,It's a different kind of feeling.
The Spring Festival quietly passed, my parents also followed one year older, I am really very distressed with them, they have already fifty years but also for the us children don't stop working, I think i really have to work on them, make them feel at ease, happier and happier, this is the most i intend to do now and future.
There is an old saying"Action speak louder than words"When i was a child,my father told me to bear this in mind.I considered it's no use bearing this in mind.It's impossible for me to do everything I want to do.
In my youth,an experience was to change my whole outlook on life.I was told to be a volunteer to help children in an orphanage.It's conspicuous to me that i am enabled to do that.For my teachers' high expectation on me,I determined to put great value on learning how to take care of children and make them feel my love.Heading Internet to search for the knowledge about taking care of children,I spent all my spare time.With my continuously learning,I eventually got the cheer from teachers and students.
Life told me that action speak louder than words.
College is a wonderful place which can help teenagers grow up even bring a boy to a man.
There will be quite difficult for every rookie, but at the same time it may help them to strength their wings.
College makes me more independence than ever before.
Though I have stayed in the boarding school for 10 years, I have never live myself in a strange city.
Now, I am proud to say I am a member of this city.
I know the climate of every season in the city, what's more, I get a clear awareness of the complicated transportation system.
To live without the sweet care of my mum, I am conscious of the importance of physical and psychological health.
I take good care of myself.
College helps me to develop my skill for interpersonal relationship.
I used to stay with people who have the same background and same culture as me, but now every classmate from different places.
Many misunderstanding awakes me to the necessity of respecting others' voices.
I try to be kind and be sincere to everybody around me, however, sometimes I still dump into conflicts, which makes me embarrassed and grow up.
Now, I listen more than talk and still be the sincere one.
Colleges open my eyes and enrich my knowledge.
There are many different courses in the colleges which we can choose freely and some courses are required.
During a long period, I got in troubles of my required course, but things take a turn for better now.
And all thanks to the difficult course, I have gained improvements and be in good of study.
College life actually has affected me a lot..
I clearly feel that I have developed a lot from mistakes and difficulties.
"Once More to the Lake" is the most enduring essays of E. B.
White which expresses a respect for nature and simple living and a pursuit of pleasure of rural life when he went back to a lakefront resort, Belgrade Lakes, Maine, he visited as a child in which he struggles to find himself.
Throughout the essay, White writes that he often finds himself seeing the lake through his son's eyes.
Because when he was young, his father always took him to the lake, camping and fishing.
It is similar to that scene when he went to the same lake with his son.
For example, "I looked at the boy, who was silently watching his fly, and it was my hands that held his rod, my eyes watching.
His son is his own illusion.
However, that strong feeling was just his comfort.
Things have changed.
"The only thing that was wrong now, really, was the sound of the place, an unfamiliar nervous sound of the outboard motors.
This was the note that jarred, the one thing that would sometimes break the illusion and set the years moving.
Ttechnology mars his experience and the new, noisier boats disturb the serene atmosphere at the lake.
That means that technology is impure or damaging which reflects his affection for an old peaceful lifestyle.
"The bass were biting well and the sun shone endlessly, day after day.
We would be tired at night and lie down in the accumulated heat of the little bedrooms after the long hot day and the breeze would stir almost imperceptibly outside and the smell of the swamp drift in through the rusty screens.
That is desired peace and goodness and jollity which suggest that he wants to be a part of nature which is opposed to the real life.
Differences between imagination and reality forced him to recognize himself, his son and their own lives.
This thunderstorm was a new birth of him.
"In mid afternoon (it was all the same) a curious darkening of the sky, and a lull in everything that had made life tick; and then the way the boats suddenly swung the other way at their moorings with the coming of a breeze out of the new quarter, and the premonitory rumble.
The rain clears up the darkness and brings about a light of new life.
He understood that his son is not himself and himself is not his son or his father, too.
Years have trickled into that lake.
Things must be changed that is the natural rule definitely.
Years will trickle into that lake as well as the life.
"I watched him, his hard little body, skinny and bare, saw him wince slightly as he pulled up around his vitals the small, soggy, icy garment.
That shows his realization of the life cycle.
By watching his son's movements on the shores of the lake, he vicariously feels danger as he is reminded of perhaps a childhood encounter with death at the lake.
That is the rule of nature which reminds us of respecting and revering nature.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.Our question was "How do you spend your weekend?
"Here are the results.
We found that forty percent students always stay at home to study.It's a good way to learn well.I think all of students should be this.
Watching TV and listen to music are popular.The twenty-five percent of our students often watch TV or listen to music to relax on weekends.
We all know go online is the popular many students use the internet every day.
Twenty percent of us often talk on QQ or play the computer games.Most students use it just for fun and not for homework.But I think the best way for fun is through exercise.
For housework there are only ten percent of us help with parents.And joining the sports activities are few too only five percent.I feel very sad,I think exercise is good for the mind and body.
"Old habits die hard.
Hellow, ladies and men.
Today, my topic is "Being a Good Listener".
As we foreknow, when we are conveying with other persons, it is essential to listen carefully to what they say, for being a good listener can show respect and sincerity to others.
Nowerdays, the generation gap between parents and children is becoming a big question.
Children frequently say that they can't be understood by parents because of the gap.
The majority of children complain that their parents sometimes even don't listen to them when in trouble, but so are the parents.
In school, teachers should listen to views of the students and try to meet their needs as much as feasible.
It should be the same between students.
It's important to listen to each other and help others in study.
We should learn manners well.
Remember to show your politeness to others and not to interrupt someone who is in talking.
Nowadays, with the developing of the internet, people are becoming increasingly aware of the influence of the internet.
Some people believe that the internet will isolate us from one another.
From my point of view, the internet can bring us great benefit.
There are numerous reasons to support my point of view, and I would explore only a few of the most important ones here.
One of the primary causes is that we can make many friends on the internet.
As we all know, QQ and MSN are the common chat tool.
By QQ and MSN, we can know more people and communicate with them.
So we can't be isolated from our friends when we are on the internet.
Another reason that can be seen by every person is that we can know the news of the society at any time.
By the internet, we can be close to the society and know the colorful world well.
Also, we can get the entertainment on the internet.
There are many interesting things on the internet.
If we feel lonely, we can have fun on the internet.
Taking into account of all these factors, we may draw the conclusion that if we use the internet properly, the internet can benefit us a lot.
Therefore, we should make full use of the internet.
about the phenomena.I do not know why they are job hoppers.
and angry.
their own job.By contrary,if their salary is low,they will give up their jobs and find a new job.There are reasons why they become job hoppers.
style.
As you well-known our school is holding "The safety of school"activity and I want to present some of my ideas.
At first,everyone should learn about the important of the the safety in the school.Then,we ought to take good care of our health in doing sports.Finally,as a student we have problems with other students,we should keep calm and think that everyone can lose matches and has bad days.If you can think it,you will understand each other.Do not let a small problem become a very big and important.
As we all know,internet is widely used in our daily life.But,internet is a two-edged Sword!The anvantages of internet is that it convinent our life give us lot of service,except that,pleasure our life such as watch TV,chat with friends on the internet and so on; finally transport imformation is also a good use of internet!On the country,there are many disadvantages of it.First,mang people absurt into compurter games result in work loss;second,a lot of guilt use the internet to spread false imformation and many people cheatted......
In my point of view,internet have advantages and dis advantages,why not we make full use of it is good and stay far away from it is bad.Appeal that,everyone make healthy use of the internet!
With developing of the computer , more and more people are used to chatting on the inetrnet and paying all kind of games .Or using inetrnet looked througt different books.It is important for us that we learn something .But It has advantages and disadvantages.
the one side of advantages.
we can learn news both at home and abroad and all kind of information.we can also send messages by e-mail,make phone call.,go to net school.
On the net ,we can enjoy music,watch sports matches and all kind of movie stars.And we can even go shoping ,have a chat with others by QQ and RenRen.However , the other side of disadvantages.
The computer can be affected by viruses.what is worse,some children watch error something ,and they are even addicted to games wasting a lot of time.
In my viwe ,we shuold use inetrnet on the right place.we should be available to us with the healthy development of inetrnet.
Cowherd and Weaver's story we should have heard it.This is a traditional Chinese myth.I think this is a sad but also very beautiful fairy story.I think Cowherd and Weaver is happy.Because they finally be able to gather together,although only once a year opportunity.They come once a year reunion is not easy,it is the result of joint efforts of many magpies,they use their bodies barricaded a bridge of magpies,so that the tow ends of the galaxy they can meet.TO celebrate their reunion,the world will have a holiday "Valentine's Day".Cowherd together in heaven,earth lovers together.On this day lovers will celebrate together this wonderful evening.I love this story.
The most primitive way of exchange should be the barter trade.But it is inefficiency.Many years later, the rudiment of money arised.
In the early days, almost anything could qualify as money: beads, shells and even fishing hooks.Banks later issued notes in exchange for gold deposited with cash.Finally, governments of today adopted the idea and began to print paper money, backed by gold for the country's use.Today, technology has led man to invent other means of transaction too like the credit and cash cards.
I'd like to tell you about my dream.
When it comes to the job I want to do in the future, I will answer 'Cartoonist' at once.
As all my friends know, I enjoy drawing and writing stories.
I will do both of them if I become a cartoonist.
As long as I begin to imagine how happy I will be if I'm a cartoonist, I always can't help to hope to grow up quickly to make my dream come true.
However, it's not easy to be a cartoonist so I will not only draw pictures more and more, but also study harder and harder.
In a word, I really love this job.
And I believe that if I work hard enough, I'll realize my dream.
First of all, minister, bridegroom, bridesmaid and groomsman get into the auditorium.
A short time later, bride and her father appear.
Next the minister began to say his prayers than he exhorts bridegroom and bride.
Soon minister will proclaim their wedding appoint.
After a while, they are going to exchange their pledge and wedding rings and that is to say the wedding comes to the end.
This is the processes of the western wedding.
There is a number of processes in a western wedding, but it's perfectly satisfactory.
I like this kind of wedding.
Now, online shopping has become a kind of fashion.
It brought people's lives enormous convenience and enriched our life.
We can at home to buy goods from all over the world .In addition,these goods are very cheap so that most of the people can burden it.So we can enjoy the fun of the shopping.
However,it also has many disadvantages.For example,we cannot contact goods directly.And we might be cheating for unfavorable goods.
In my opinion,we shuold take the Online Shopping seriously.We must always bear in mind that certain traps do exist ,so we'd better make sure the sellers are trustworthy before buying.
..Every year there are lost of people to take civil service exam in China.
of college graduates.
The civil service exam is a hot.
For this phenomenon, I have some opinions.
Civil service exam have two parts about professional ability and language.
time to do the thing that oneself like.Not only have the satisfaction of material and spiritual.
civil servants enjoy the treatment that a pay rise.
In my opinion, the civil service exam will continue in the following years.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I have taken some after-school activities in our school.
Absolutely, I benefit from them a lot.
For example, I play volleyball which makes me healthy, and I enjoy very much.
Moreover, my favourite activity is watching English movies which improve my English level.
In addition, it also reduces my pressure, and it enriches my knowledge.
As I have said, taking activities has many advantages.
But I also have some suggestions.
To all students, we had better choose the activity which you really like.
Besides your interests, the other condition of choice is that the activity is suitable for you.
In a word, please take activities actively.
It can not only enrich your spare time, but also can make you all-around develop.
In library, people know how to restrict themselves, behaved more politely, and it is a good place for you to read plenty of novels and study your own subjests, i used to hanging out in library after school, because even i go home, i may not have the moon or conditions to finish my homework, and it is a good place for you to meet some friends who have something in common and we can share experience on study or other subjects.
it's really good to have such a quiet place .
A few days ago, I bought a pair of shoes at this site,It is white39 and nike shoes, the order number is CYJ925846,but a few days later, I received shoes, discover your shipment sent the wrong order and shoe number, the number is 38blue nike shoes, the order number is CYH925846, this is not character and I ordered shoes.
Everyone has their own dreams I am the same as them.I have a beautiful and great dream.Do you want to realize what is it?Well,let me tell you.
When I was 5.I took a trip with my parents.On the way,I looked outside.To my surprise that there was something white covered all the sky.Then I asked my mom:"Mom,look at there!The clouds are made from it?
"My mom smiled and replied:"It's factory smoke.It can make too much pollution and even bad for us.Suddenly,I cried sadly.And I promised to protect our environment that day!
China's environment is very bad you know.I suppose the most crucial that we should play a role saving our nuture'senvironment.So I need to read more and more books about the environment and open my eyes.
I am Tom.
I am strong and tall.I have a best friend, his name is Mike.
We have a lot in common,but there are some different.we both like playing basktball,because play baskerball is very interesting.We sometimes play basketball in my free time whit my cousins.And I like cleaning my room.Some people think do chore is so boring,but I think do chores can help us become independent,so I like cleanging my room.But in my free time,I like reading books best.Reading can help us study,it is important for me to learn English.I always read with my mother in my free time.What about you?
Failure can be seen everywhere; it is often around us.
For the failure, everyone has a different attitude.
I have a good attitude toward the failure.
Failure can be seen everywhere.
We may fail in exams, and we are likely to fail to get along well with our friends.
There is even a chance to fail to do everything on our own perfectly, which upsets us deeply.
Failures may occur to us all.
Meanwhile, everyone has different attitudes towards it.
Some people believe that it is no use having a try under the condition of vague possibility of achieving success.
Nevertheless, there are many peoples holding the opinion that failure will cause more than annoyance.
Accordingly, they would rather do nothing.
Regardless of success or failure, they are going to learn a lot in the process of what they have done.
And they experience the failure and have some experiences, which can help them avoid some troubles in the future.
A British general escaped and hide himself after the failure of the war.
He saw a spider that it was making a web over and over again.
He known that he should like this spider never give up.
Finally, he defeated Napoleon in the battle of Waterloo.
He was Wellington.
From my viewpoint, failure is not a bad thing on the contrary.
My definition of failure is success instead of itself.
It is absolutely not possible to attain success only by a step.
The essence of success is never giving up.
Failure is not terrible exactly, while what makes us horrified is that they take a passive attitude when they are faced with the failure.
Having confronted with it properly, we are able to strengthen our minds.
We should not escape the failure.
Failure is the mother of success; we should face it bravely and overcome it.
Thus, even if we fail, we can have some experience then avoid more failure again.
We ought to have a good attitude toward failure.
It is more than one year since I came to TYUT.To be honest,I was totally in a daze when I knew the serious situation as a graduate major in English.Until now,gradually I lose my interest in English and get frustrated.I know it's a wrong attitude.So I realize there are more needs for me to set up several goals for my future.
Exactly,we should have a balance between study and entertainment.So we need to make full preparations for them.
To be an excellent student,basically,I think when it's time for class,we can't be absent for class and listen carefully.And in my spare time,I will go to the study room to do my homework and what's more,I will read all kinds of books to widen my vision.At times I will study other subjects such as laws,politics and so forth.To have an unforgettable life in college,I insist I must play properly.To build a strong body,I will spare efforts to try different kinds of sports.When free,I will play basketball and I can swim in the sports gym.In addition,I will also play computer games to relax.The last but not least,as you know,friendship is one of the most important feelings in our lifetime.So I will make a good relationship with my friends.Once they get in trouble,I will try my best to help them.
To sum up,college is such a place that you can build up your personality and study more knowledge and make many friends.A better future is based on endeavor and sweats.Without struggle,how can you hope for a future?
Firstly,I show a great welcome standing for Class 1 Grade 11 for your coming as an exchange student.
Secondly,TianJin is really different from Amercia whatever weather or culture.Although TianJin close to the sea,it'salso very hot in summer, and freezing in winter.For culture,TianJin's traditional atmospher is more strong than China town in Amercia.At the same time, Tianjin is also a fastion city in the world.
Thirdly,there are some information about our class following.There.are.50 students in our class which contain different kinds of boys and girls who are active or shy.But they all esay to access and warm heat.
Finally,we are looking forward to making friends with Amercia students,and it is thankful for you,if you tell your experience in China to your friends or invite them coming to China.
In all,wish you have a good time in China.
To me, I think the vital book is Jane Eyre which impressed on me extremely.The book tells a girl who named Jane Eyre dares to pursue love that is filled with free, and never has sense of hierarchy, she set a great example for us.
In this book, I realized so active a girl like her for the first time, to begin with, she believes that she meets a precious love, but in the end, the playboy says part to her, when Jane Eyre hearts this news, she doesn't persist pursuing this love.I still remember those words which she ever said, for example: "Do you think I am a machine, without any feelings?Do you think because I am poor, obscure and plain, you can drop off some of my bread from my lips?You think wrong!I have as much soul as you.
In our life, college is a place where we can realize our dreams.
When we go to college, we face some problem.
For example, some person believe that university students should be required to attend classes.
Others believe that going to classes should be optional for students.
In my opinion, I agree with the first point that university students should be required to attend classes.
We require to attend classes that can let us gain knowledge, improve our positivity and it is a way of respect teachers.
So I think university students should be required to attend classes.
Firstly, university students should be required to attend classes that can let us gain knowledge.
Your parents spent lots of money to let you go to college.
They used to you study skills, they hope you can become an excellent person when you graduated.
You attend classes that you can gain more knowledge.
Secondly, university stduents should be required to attend classes that improve our positivity.
When you saw all lots of your classmates attend classes rather than play games or sleep in the dormitory.
You will pay more attention to classes.
You can compete with your classmates.
It can improve your positivity about study.
The last but not least, university students should be required to attend classes.
It is a way of respect teachers.
Maybe in your classes,the teachers we don't like that some students will escaped it.
Nevertheless you should be required to attend classes to show we respect them.
They are very hard to prepare the courses.
We should respect them.
So I think university students should be required to attend classes.
The advantages are obviously .
If we attend classes,more and more excellent person in our country.
Internet filling with Western TV dramas, parents encouraging unfledged kids to learn English, even studying abroad becoming a fashion trend, undoubtedly, Globalization is leading us to a way of Westernalization.
This is a question.
First, in order to cultivate a sense of Chinese traditional culture in children, parents are supposed to not push kids so hard to learn English, especially don't force them to go after-class courses like courses from New Oriental School.
It's meaningless to learn English at such a young age when kids even don't understand what the Subjunctive Clause is.
Besides, it's better for compulsory English education begins at a higher education.
As we know, English is the conveying belt of western culture, so it's not wise to let our kids understand western ideas when they don't develop a sense of right and wrong.
Last but not the least, there should be more Chinese classes in our school, even there can be more classes introducing works of Confucius and Mengzi.
We always say China is consisted of so many cultures that it's difficult for we Chinese to know all of them.
That's an excuse.
What makes China different is our culture, and there is no way out of Westernalization than to enhance our awareness of ourselves.
A better understanding of our Chinese traditional culture is a must if we want to make China more impressive in foreigners' minds, and there is so much we need to do.
Keep walking.
I am sorry to tell you that I will leave at once.My mother gave me a phone number three minutes ago,and told me that my grandmother was ill seriously.She is missing me and eager to see me as soon as possible.I have to go to the airport to catch the plane.
I intended to tell you face to face ,but you are giving a speech now.So I have to leave a message to you.
Please take good care of yourself when I am away .Wish you could get good grades .See you later.
Your forever friend ,LiHua.
I did not like to study English last year .
So I do not listen to teacher.
Because I do not listen to her , I do not study English well.
Then, I listend a English teacher,s class.
I found that studying English is not different.
I also can study very well.
So I began to remeber the words and write English homewirk.
I also read some English boook.
I want to understand their said.
So I use a dictionary.
On the test, my English is better than ago.
I study English hard.
Now I fell in love English.
I want to studying English be eary.
This is my study English ,s way.
Thank you very much for your letter and the inclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
A questionnaire on "ways of obtaining information" indicates that almost 72 percent people get information from the television,and that only 12 percent know the world affairs through the newspaper.But from my angle of view,the newspaper is a better soruce of news.
There are varieties of reasons accounting for my opinion.On the one hand,the reportage expresses more deeply than news on TV,because the latter emphasizes the objectivity of those events,other than,there are many subjective views and evaluations in the former.On the other hand,you can read newspapers whenever you please,such as read while eating breakfast,what's more,you can even scan it when you wait for the bus.In addition,reading newspapers can also improve your intelligence for you must think while meeting some personal views.
Altogether,the newspaper is a ideal way for us to gain information.and I believe that it will create more convenience for all of the readers throughout the world in the future.
Nowadays, many people talk about the wealth and health , different people have different opinions about it .Some people suppose that the wealth is more important than health ,they said if we don't have money ,we can't make our body healthy.We can use that wealth to do mang things what we tend to do.
With the money they can make their life more colorful.
The others think the health plays a important roal in our life .I agree with this opinion .Because if we have a strong body ,we can do everything, we can earn much money, the healthy is the first condition for our wealth .If we don''t have a good body ,even if we got a lot money .
We can't use it .
Therefore , the health is much more important than wealth.
Some people suppose that it is measured by the number of years a person has lived.
However, I think that maturity is showed by the qualities of being independent, being tolerant and shouldering the responsibility.
Being independent is an important quality of a mature person.
Independence doesn't mean that we can earn money to support our life without the help of parents.
Instead, it shows more in psychological.
As mature persons, we should not depend on parents or other people deeply.
We should have our own thoughts about evening but not to follow others.
For example, it is we who decide what we will be like and what job we choose as our career in the future.
We should decide it by ourselves, not to follow others.
Tolerance is another characteristic of a mature person.
Tolerance is not only a kind of accomplishment, more than a kind of virtue.
To be tolerant does not mean being so timid, instead of , it means magnanimous by keeping an open mind.
To be tolerant should own the characters of being strict to ourselves and treating others with a heart full of mercy.
For example, a mature person will not be angry about others' faults because that it is not useful and in turn hurts himself.
Although independence and tolerance are both vital, probably the most important thing that shows the maturity is Shouldering the responsibility.
We are convinced that it is quite important to take on every responsibility to our world, our nation and our society.
But the most important thing is to be responsible to our life.
"Life is a do-it-yourself project", a significant saying, explains why we should be aware of self-responsibility.
Our life today is the result of our attitudes and choices in the past.
And our life tomorrow will be the result of our attitudes and choices we make today.
So, that is my opinion of maturity.
As a college student, I will try my best to be more mature.
In other words, I will practice to think independently, tolerate some people and things and be responsible to my action.
In recent years, the ever-increasing development of modern technology benefits us a lot.
However, those developed technology not only benefit us, but also change our lives into a terrible way.
First of all, with those technology, we enjoy the high speed that technology can give us.
However, we do not have enough spare time as we want, but living more tired.
We have much more things to do than ever before.
Besides, we can hardly have time to rest for we can work, and we have to do it everywhere.
For example, while lying on the beach and enjoy the sunshine, we are asked to deal with emails by cell phones with high speed of the Internet.
Secondly, because of the technology, we can hardly enjoy the time when getting mails from our relatives, or the time when getting home and meet our friends.
We can call our friends every day, and we can make a videophone call to our relatives everywhere.
We can write emails which can be sent to the receiver at once, and we do not have to wait for the reply for a long time.
Those things that we used to believe to be enjoyable are simple as we think now.
We lose the chance to be surprised.
Last but not least, we can never enjoy our quiet lives.
Noise can be heard everywhere, such as those from television, radio and computers, or those from cars, machines and factories.
We can not even find a place to sit quietly and enjoy the seconds without being disturbed.
All in all, technology is now cursing our lives.
We can not stop the pace of development of technology, but it's an excellent idea to take some time to enjoy our lives without high technology.
There is a growing worldwide awareness of the need for strengthened environmental protection.
An increasing number of people are joining the low-carbon life.
When life work and rest refers to the consumption of the energy that is used to to reduce as far as possible, especially to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, so as to reduce the pollution of the atmosphere, slow the deterioration of the ecological environment.
First of all, I personally think it is absolutely essential the irrational misuse of nonrenewable resources.
For example, fuel-efficient motor vehicles must be developed to reduce oil consumption and alternative energy sources must be found to replace coal.
Secondly, we can turn off electrical appliances if not necessary as well as using renewable materials.
Furthermore, at our leisure, we can seek opportunities to plant more trees which can absorb carbon-dioxide.
In brief, low-carbon lifestyle is nothing but the best choice for us and only in this way can we form a harmonious relationship with the environment.
Online shopping, of course.
Online goods are really full of beautiful things in eyes, from soup to nuts.
Keep indoors, you can choose satisfied and cheap goods.
Firstly, online shopping always makes conveniently.
Some students donnot like shopping, but prefer wandering around book stores like "DangDang", often reads with relish, when placing an order they were merciless.
Some girls fall in love with TaoBao, from big items like the computer, desk, home appliances to small mobile phone, pens, toy, they are always too delighted to leave, catch all in one draft.
Secondly, Online shopping can save a great deal of time on the way between home and store, especially students and employees.
So that they can pay more concentrate and energy on their work.
Finally, online shopping can help us save much money and buy the other country's goods.
However, it also has a risk of online shopping as it can't face to face with the shoppers.
And sometimes the quality of products is worse than imagine.
Personally, I think shopping in the internet is convenient, quick, energy saving and money saving.
You just need to stare your big eyes, to see through the techniques of deception, to make your online shopping safe and nice, to let shopping online give you the icing on the cake of your life, rather than add troubles.
I and some of my friends want to go to nursing house to stay with old people and to have fun with them .
we will leave at 7:00 am ,when we arrive there ,we will have a party to make old people have fun ,including take some shows .sing a song .make dumplings and so on ,then we will have ready to leave ,after doing some washing we will go to the bus stop to wait the bus coming .
The time we arrive home may be at 8:00 pm.
Looking forward to your reply.
More and more people want to be government employees with the purpose of having a stable job.As far as I am concerned, to be a government employees should keep her thoughts in giving other people good service rather than to sterile work matters.
It's important for people to be a government employee that he should keep optimistic in work.Faced with different people and proving service for them.Employees who must have enough patience.As for a government employee should do things benefit for people.Only change your identity to others did find a suitable way solve problems for people.It's necessary for government employees to be warm-hearted and responsibility attitudes.Only people to do this side, then, it makes sense of government to set a civil service exams.Lastly but important thing is for us to be serious to this exam.
The civil exams which is provided through government.That can solve problems as a way.If you think you are good enough to be a government employee.It's optimistic for you to have a try.
With the development of information technique, a new way of communication is imbedded into our daily life--network communication.
It promises to be further used among the society for its convenience.
However, opinions on this phenomenon vary from person to person.
Supporters contend that this kind of a communication is time and energy-saving.
We don't have to bother to travel for thousand miles to meet others.
What we have to do is to click, type.
What's more, we can see others and hear others speaking through video camera and microphone.
But others examine this phenomenon from another angle.
Despite the benefits of network communication, there are still some defects that cannot be ignored.
They assert that this novel way is insecure.
The important information people talk over the internet may be easily get by hackers.
It may cause serious problems sooner or later.
From my perspective, we cannot count on network communication forever.
Although it brings many merits, what benefits us most is the original way of communication--meet someone in person.
Through this way, you don't have to face a cold machine and convey your real feelings through it to your love ones.
Time flies so quickly.
There are a large number of new students enter in our college.
As a fellow student, I have something to tell them.
It is some thoughts that I summarized through this past year.
I think it is henlpful for some new students.
First of all, learning more prefessional knowledge is extremly important in the college.
Nowadays, the problem of excessive packaging has aroused people's concern.
However, various people have the various opinions.
Recently, with development of technology, more and more business excessive packaging, but it is unreasonable.In addition,more good than harm, the first of all, excessive packaging waste resources and pollution of the environment, it's the must effective method of rubbish.Second, for companies, in reality,doing so can increases costs.Last but not least, excessive packaing violate consumer's benefit.
However the companies excessive packaging can increase income and bring better benefits.
As far as I'm concerned, I agree with the first view, because, for the chinese resource are limited.
We should reasonable dominate our resource, at the same time avoid excessive packaing.
Several years ago, when we opened a book, all we could see was words printed on paper.
But as time goes by and with the development of technology, more and more colourful pictures can be spotted.
As there are too many, experts say that we have entered "a time of reading pictures".
Pictures have their advantages .They are more visualize, more convenient to understand, and catch our attention easily for the most part.
But as I see it, words shouldn't be replaced by pictures and the best way is to combine words and pictures together.
Firstly, pictures can make it easier for us to understand but sometimes can make us puzzled.
So we still need words to illustrate.Secondly,I don't think pictures are superior to words as pictures aren't able to express the emotion hidden among the words.
We imagine the scene according to pictures but can not feel what the writer feels.Thirdly, I suppose that pictures and words should be put together.
We need pictures that attract our eyeballs and words that guide us.
In a word, pictures and words are both essential and can't be replaced by each other.
We should live in a time when we look with our eyes and feel with our hearts.
Recently our class to implement the method of group discussion, some people think that group discussion is not good, some people think that group discussion.
I think the group discussion is very good.
Because the group discussion not only can help us to learn, but also greatly improves our interest in learning.
Since the teacher began to learn the method of group discussion, I feel I am willing to learn English.
I want to thank the teacher came up with the good method, has brought benefits for all of us.
So I think the good method of group discussion.
I'm very support.
Hardly can I wait to write to you.
Never need you worry about me.
I'm enjoying myself here.
I live with LiHua, who, studying near here, has a fantastic friendship with me.
Good consideration was given to me by his parents.
Communicating and learning together with my Chinese friends, I had a really wonderful time.
What's more, we did sports.
Not only did I go sightseeing of historic interest and scenic beauty in Beijing, but also I treat myself with Peking Opera.
In addition, apart from tasting delicious food, I had some acquaintance about Chinese history.
What's more I really had a enjoyment of the festive atmosphere and the dumplings.
Living here can be what I'm inclined to.
We have only one Earth,so please protect it.But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.People catch some fishes and put rubbish into the lake and sea to pollute the water and water is important to all of us.The fish is fewer and fewer in the water.People put rubbish into the ground to pollute the land and catch some animals.The animals are fewer and fewer.People cut down more and more trees every day.It is to destroy the forest and the animals can't go their home.We have only one Earth.We should protect the Earth.The Earth provides food,air and water for us.Earth is a beautiful place.There are some animals,plants and places in the Earth.
With the intention of getting along well with people surrounded,not only do you need the ability to express,but also the skill of listening.Usually,we are expected to listen carefully when others express their opinions or explain something.
Generally speaking,listening can clear the atmosphere between each other,which can contribute to the relationships.Two years ago,Peter and I took part in a robot manufacture.I tried my best to prepare for the game,but Peter was not playing hard enough.I was so annoyed and accused him of being so lazy.Besides,I made some bad comments about him,and lately he got annoyed too and it soon became a fierce argument,which led to an one-hour-silence of two of us.He thought that I had meant he didn't deserve to be my partner.
Afterwards,I thought I was wrong and felt guilty,so I made an apology to him.He listened to me quietly with a smile without saying a word and lately he expressed his feelings and expectations to me.Through the conversation,he cleared the air,knowing that I just wanted him to be focused.Thanks to the listening.
We agreed on the main point of the issue.Meanwhile we had restored our relations between each other,which encouraged us to devot ourselves into the work together and eventually it turned out that we did well in the game.If I hadn't listened to him,I couldn't have done such a good job and truly known the power of listening.
In summary,listening quietly can benefit us and improve the relationship between each other.Only in this way can we know each other and be honest,which contribute to success and achievements.It's of great value to be a good listener!
The needless slaughter on streets and highways can be attributed to three general reasons.
The traffic accident is partly caused by mechanical failures, which including faulty brakes, bald tyres etc.
Because of these factors, many disasters happened to these family members who lost their relatives.
Another important reason is environmental conditions, such as blind corners, narrow streets, heavy fog, intermittent rain or snow, giving rise to a series of traffic accident.
The most essential causes of this problem are errors of human judgement that is excessive speed and drunken driving.
The neglect can't be forgave by anyone, just due to their carelessness, bringing about someone's life deceased.
These reasons that are listed as above resulting to tragedy happened in the traffic area.
If accident can be declined, the people will be happier.
As the proverb says,the good way is the half of success.Learning English is difficult.But if you get hold of a good way to study English,learning English will be easy.I practiced all the time.I carried a little dictionary with me everywhere I went,as well as a notebook in which I listed any new words I heard.I made many, something embarrassing,mistakes.Once in a while I carried out of frustration,and something I felt like giving up.But I did not feel intimidated by students who spoke faster than I did because I took all the time I needed to thing out my ideas and wrote a reply before posting it on the screen.my teacher know my situation.She told me a way.I followed her way.Every morning,I get up early and read English book.In the evening,I revise something that I have studied that day and finish assignments on time.In peacetime,I can see some articles about English in order to improve my feel for language.Finally,my English have a great improvement.I also can communicate with my foreign teacher and make friend with my foreign teacher.I feel that I had finally reaped the benefits of English study.
Different people have different ways of life .Some people prefer to get up early in the morinig and start the day's work .Others prefer to get up late in the morning and work until late at night.As far as I'm concerned ,I prefer to get up early in the morning and start the day's work.
First of all, getting up early is a good habit.
These people who get up early can make full use of the morning time to take exercise,it's beneficial to their body and mind.As long as they continue doing so,they will be very healthy.Secondly getting up early is good for study.
As we all know that the morning time is the best period for memorizing.So with the same time we can remember more new words.What's more, getting up early can contribute to building a harmonious family.In a family,if you always get up early, your husband or your wife will think you are responsible ,diligent and thoughtful.As a result he or she will care you more.
On the whole, I prefer to getting up early in the morning and start the day's work.Since it has so many advantages everyone should try our best to cultivate such a good habit.
AS the time went by .More and more students into the university,so there are many problems in collage students.For example,many students are addicted to online games ,sleep lately and cost much money .It make bad social efforts.
Many collage students have unhealthy habits which cause collage students worst and worst.If collage students are addicted to games ,they can lose their learning ability .collage students are country's flowers and hopeless .If collage students can't lose their unhealthy habits ,our country will become worse very much .Opsitive,our country is going to better and better.
As the condition,I think that teachers should persuade students to give up their unhealthy habits and develop heal habits,so that collage students will be an excellent generation.
Before winter comes,most plants will die,but not the true die,they will get new live last spring.Some animous will fall in asleep,such as beer,frog,snake and so on.They will staying sleeped for a whole winter.How clever they are.Because of little food can they find in winter,they just sleep so as to keep little energy loss,and next year,they will wake up when the spring is coming.
Unforgettable things there are many, but the most unforgettable thing is I in 2010 on behalf of the school to take part in the English oral competition, at that time selection on behalf of our school to take part in the games is two people, fortunately I was selection, this is a memorable things, our school is a school, this game the national college competition among the outstanding student, and I will take part in the game is henan division.
Of course be selection are have a certain strength.
After all, can't let the school disappointed ah.
Time flies, and finally to the game that day, it was a sunny morning, I with the excited mood from the school start, hurry to the land, this is the first time I take part in the English oral competition, I at that time had smoked 18 sign, very skillful is my own buy T-shirt is 18, haven't prepare the speech, my mood is very disturbing, worry about the word on the stage one to forget, but once I'm on stage quickly, this all remember, appeared on the stage and I said my slogan, nothing in the world is difficult as long as willing to climb, intermediate has been said is very good, unfortunately, in Pennsylvania said the words read wrong, I finally have won the second prize.
This is my most memorable things.
Benjamin Franklin is the history of the United States first internationally acclaimed scientist inventor and musicians.
he is a good politician and the United States veterans of the war of independence.
He took part in drafting the declaration of independence and the constitution of the United States, he is the first American ambassador (France), so he enjoys high reputation in the world.
In my opinion, the biggest achievement of franklin is that he believes lightning phenomenon is actually another from the electric spark of bottle.
To prove this theory, he use kite and key for experiments.
Franklin has a genius that tranform basic principle into simple experiment.
He's risk and spirit of innovation should be learnt by Chinese scientists and researchers.
In china,many Chinese brands can not owe their own core technology,so they are controlled by foreign erterprises.above all,if china want to be a strong country,we must make full use of our creativity.
There are sevenral things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job opening.
At first,You can consult your friends,relatives and neighbors.Because they can offer many useful information to you,this way have proved very effective.The second way,you can read the classified newspapers which have register about job opening.Last but not least,you can make use of the recruitment agency and log on to the internet.The internet has become a tool for finding work,so why not give it a try?
You are likely to find a dream job when you do it well.
There was a piece of sensational news recently that NBC invited Paris Hilton as their journalist.
This news is so striking that I reconsider the definition of the word"Journalist".
As the Wikipedia says:"A journalist collects and distributes news and other information.
"And from my perspective,a journalist is a brave man.
Like the brave man,a journalist shall grasp some important abilities.
First.
A journalist need suggestibility.
When a journalist goes to a place in war,he will face danger and loneliness.
When a journalist reports the fact of some affairs,he will be blamed by many.
However,a journalist shall go on his job with bearing with so many things.
Second,a journalist shall have honesty.
A journalist should insist on his responsibility for reporting the fact.
He cannot give up the honesty despite many times of being threatened.
A journalist have to stick to his point no matter what others say.
Third.
A journalist need to be resolute.
When a journalist meets a dilemma,he shall make a decision without too much consideration.
I heart a piece of news last mouth that a journalist was killed because of his report,after that,many other journalists put themselves forward and continued his report.
This makes me aware of the fact that a journalist will dare to expose the inside story.
With the characteristics above,it is obvious that a journalist is a brave man.
Dear Smith I have heard that you want to set up three courses.
And I want to take part in the English speaking class.
I think I do well in written English,but when I speaking English I always make mistakes.
So I want to join this class to improve my English speaking skill.
So that I can travel to England without translators.
I'm very expected to get this chance to go to the class.
Above all, I would appreciate it if I could luckily be admitted to the course I'm looking forward to receiving your reply.
Now many people like to buy things online.They think it is more convenient than buying them at the shops ,and it is cheaper,too.But there are also a lot of downsides,for example,we sometimes buy something that can not be used for a long time.Every coin has two sides.So I think if we shop online in a right way,it can help us a lot.For example,we can check the imformation of what we will buy carefully.If we buy something that is broken,we should ask the seller to give us another one.However,we can have a better look of the things what we need to buy when we shop at the shops.
The vast majority of people believe that newspaper is a better source of getting informations and it has became the main source of daily news.
Besides, many people also book the daily newspaper to know what have happened and whai is to happen in the soon future.
As for myself, I hold the opposite view and I trend to get the news from surfing on the Internet.
Getting informations from reading newspapers or surfing on the Internet both has its own immerits and merits.
First of all, reading newspaper can improve country's economic development and it will be more healthy than acquire news from Internet.
But it is convenient and can waste our money from buying newspapers.
In addition, the infomation from newspaper is limited, we may not get what we want.
Contrary to the newspaper, surfing on the Internet to get news can save our money and it is more convenient than read newspapers.
Moreover, there are more news in the Internet, we can know more knowledge on every aspects.
Of course, the Internet also has some disadvantages such as it obstructs the development of newspaper economy and there are some unhealthy news which may affect our psychologic health.
Although, there are many immerits of getting news in Internet, I insist that surf on the Internet to acquire news is more practical and convenient.
Therefore, I trend to say that the Internet as a better source of news.
There was a quarrel which happened between my parents and me in my family one day.
early morning ,I must get up much earlier than uaual.
to give us an exsanguinate.
go to school on time.
way, I realy was late for school.Then, I was so angry that Isaid something bad in a bad mood.
Eventually, I closed the door heavilly when I got off the car without thinking me father's feeling.
the successful people have a strong will power of heart.so we shuld set a goal .
not only we have a goal but also we need more strong will heart.
Now,more and more college students is confusing in college life.though mang college students want to study hard.in order to to future graduation of time can find a better job.but,most of them give up their goal.beacuse they are lack of strong will.so we should have a strong will herrt.
Although "all road lead to Rome"none of them is completely smoth our life is filled with obstacles which many makes us feel so hopeless that we many choose to give up.
With a strong will.we will be able to deal with any situation in our life.whatever we do ,as long as stick to and do not give up easily.we will realize the goal at last!
As can be seen from the above, we can konw, the number of college students' doing a part-time job is increasing by the change of time.
With the development of society , people's lives have been greatly changed.
There is no doubt that we benefit a lot from the advancements in many different ways.
Such as there are more and more collage s tudents taking part-time jobs.
Nowadays, many people think that college students should take a part-time job for several advantages.
For one thing, it gives the students a chance to know the society to learn to be independent.
For another, they can also get financial reward and working experience as well.What's more, they can spend their free time with all kinds of people, and learn how to get along with different people.
so they can know their strong and weak points and improve their personalities.
Furthermore, students can make some money, which helps to unload their families' financial burden.and with that ,students will know how difficult can they earn money and may change their way of consumption, to be more rational with consumption.
In my opinion, I am in favor of taking a part-time job.
But we have to keep a balance between the job and the study.
After all, study is our main task at school.
The wedding begin .
The bridegroom enter the auditorium .
Then the bride's father takes the bride going the auditorium.
And the priest began to announce the pledges.we also can know something that the bride and bridegroom thing .
for example they how to know about each other .
why they are falling in love with each other .
It will be a happy time .Then the bridegroom and bride exchange their rings.
The priest announces they become couple .Now the friends and relations can eat something .
The bride and bridegroom is sweet .
Finally they will have a happy trip .
Fatigue is one of the most common complaints brought to doctors, friends, and relatives.
Physical exertion.
Causes of prolonged fatigue.
With both severe prolonged fatigue and those periodic washed-out feeling.
than saps,energy.
sleep, the solution is simple:Get to bed earlier.
Learning itself is a hard and boring thing, many students before they start reviewing has produced different degrees of resistance.
This mindset especially easy to lose the direction, even give up the review.
We can review based on the current state of mind, consciously strengthen the psychological training, improve the psychological knowledge and strengthen the popularization, improve their psychological ability.
To do as little as possible to consider and review, don't worry too much about the success or failure, will be in front of a thing well done as far as possible.
When we face one's deceased father grind students don't put pressure on yourself, we have to do is a relief, to maintain a stable state of mind, make oneself in the review stage, able to skillfully master relevant knowledge as much as possible, to conquer yourself in the review, to get the optimal level.
New, technology development becomes more and more popular and past.
Because excellent technology can take us a lot of advantages.
For example, it's can make us life better.
And we not only can make foreign friends, but also can buy some beautiful clothes in the internet.
Recently, medical technology becomes the most popular.Many people looks forward to having a new medical technology to help them and make them more healthy.
Today, i will be introduce a new medical technology for you---ultraviolet rays .
As we all know ultraviolet rays is from sun.
Although we can't see it, we always feels it.
Lastly, scientists find ultraviolet rays can help people to get healthy.
Because it has stronger power, it can kill bacteria which is in our body.
For example, if you get headache, you need not eat many medicines.
you can use ultraviolet rays to help you.
Because, your body has many bacteria and ultraviolet will kill them.
After that, you will be feel better.
In the other hand, ultraviolet rays won't take any pain.
when we used it, we will be feel very warm and comfortable.
In my opinion, the best advantage is their very cheap.
Because it is from sun, it needn't to many resources.
Now, many medicals becomes more and more expensive, a lot of people cant not pay for high money.
But, ultraviolet rays medical is cheap, many people can try it.
In addition, medical technology and having a good healthy are very important for us.
This new medical technology will help more people, and will push medical technology into a high level.
Everyone has great dreams.
Some of my classmates want to be doctors to save lives in the hospital.
Some of my classmates want to be stars to act movies.
But I don't have great dreams.
My dream just wants to buy a big house for my parents and when I grow up I want to be an English teacher.
I will study English hard.
Every morning, I will get up early to listen to the English tape.
At the school, I must listen to the teacher carefully.
At home, I will preview lessons before the English class in time and review the lessons on time.
I think it is difficult to learn English well, but I will study hard.
After I graduate from the university I will work hard in the company, Thus I can earn more money to buy a big house for my parents.
I am grateful for my parents.
There is an old saying, where there is a will there is a way.
In the future I will try my best to let my dream come true, nothing is impossible for a willing heart.
Last week,my parents went to mountain Yunmen with me.The weather was very sunny.
The Yunmen Mountain is in Qingzhou,Shandong Province.
It is 421 meters high.
It is famous for the Character"shou".This stone is 7.5 meters high and 3.7 meters wide.
The air there is very fresh.
SO there were too many lots of trees and birds.
My parents and I had a picnic on the grass.
We also took lots of photos.we really enjoyed ourselves.
In recent years,it has become a heated topic whether the government should establish free libraries in each town or not.As far as I am concerned,I hold the view that the government should establish free libraries.
The reason why the government should take this measure lies in several aspects.On the one hand,as is known to all,It is no denying that there exists some corruptions inside of the government department.So why don't the government put money on establishing free libraries for us.Although the government may spend much money in establishing it,we can get many benefits from reading books.On the other hand,in modern society,more and more people get hooked on Internet reading.However paper articles are replaced by Internet reading.Providing that the government establish free libraries in each town,people will go to the libraries for learning and reading.On that condition,we can obtain a lot of knowledge.
From these two points of mine,I draw a conclusion that the government should establilsh free libraries in each town.Only in this way can we read more books rather than rely on Internet.When the government carry on this policy one day,I believe people in each town will support this decision.
The kind of phenomenon is not rare in our society.
It has become a fashion that people indulgence in instant messages instead of reading classics.
With the fast-paced life and popularization of computer and cell phone,people have lost their interests in reading classics nowadays.
As we all know,books provide the readers with so much information and facts.Reading books is beneficial to our character development,especially reading classics.There is no doubt that reading is a process of accumulation,which may not guarantee them short-term return but will bring themfar-reach reward.Reading classics can broaden our horizons in many aspects and we can enjoy an enriching experience from it.What's more,reading classics is helpful for us to lay a solid foundation for our future development.It can not only help us acquire the advanced skills that we need to find a job but also increase the sense of happiness.
Classics are kinds of treasure to a nation.As college students,we should be fully aware of the essential role the classics play in our life.Therefore,we should devote more time to reading classics and form a good habit to reading classics every day.And we should advocate to the public the importance of classics so that an increasing number of general people can enjoy the pleasure of reading classics.
Protein is a substance which enable human bodies to develop healthily.Some proteins are manufactured by the bodyitself but most of them are obtained from food eaten.Since not all kinds of food contain proteins we need,only a well-balanced diet can provide necessary protein.We must eat enough meat,beans and milk which contain many proteins to avoid lower immunity,memory decling or tiredness.Some people also eat Protein Power,but they dislike it,because it dosen't taste good.The Protein Power cannot instead of food,and too much.Protein is not good for health.To grow up properly,a child must have enough protein in the baby,which the child absorbs from milk,eggs,fish and beans.Elderly people also should have enough protein to protect them from cold,osteoporosis and memory decling.However,protein is not the only thing the body needs.An adequate supply of minerals and other nutrients are also needed.
I once heard a story: an elephant was completely absorbed in eating while a fly constantly disturbed the elephant because it can't stay for a while in one place.
The fly was so curious about how the elephant can stay calm and still that it asked the elephant about the secret to the calmness and the elephant tell the fly that the secret is just controlling the attention.
It's quite difficult to answer because calmness is an abstract word.
I suppose that, 'a goal' is necessary to achieve calmness.
If you have a goal in your mind, you will concentrate on reaching the goal, and the goal will have a subtle influence on you.
Gradually you manage to get calmness.
Calmness is much important for us.
On Thursday, we had a maths quiz.
And during the quiz, my deskmate continuously disturbed me, I felt so annoyed that I can't focus.
As a result, I failed the quiz.
So in the following days, I determined to concentrate on the study without any other thoughts.
And achieve high grades in the next examination.
My name is W,and you can call me Devil.I come from Q Province.I live a happy life.Because my parent and my brother love me very much.Without doubt,I love my family either.I'm a confident,honest,easy-going reactive and friendly girl.So,I like making friends with other.And I have many friends.I have long black hair,not beautiful face and two smiling-eyes.I like sport,such as playing badminton,table tennis,tennis and so on.Taking exercise regularly is good to keep fit.Moreover,I like listening to music and playing tricks with others.Welcome to understand me.I will be worth to making friend with you.
Hello Jim,I'm J.There's a news that I want to tell you.It is a Dragon Boat Training Camp that I plan to join.And I prefer to go with you rather tthan go by myself.The camp include many exercise.If you were to join in,my friends whoever were in H Senior High School all the senior three students would be happy too.
There are two main reasons why I want to try it.
On the one hand, the dragon boat is an important Chinese tradition, which will be not onlymeaningful but also interesting.
On the other hand, not only our ability but also our interpersonal relationship can be improved.
Looking forward to join us.We gather in our high school and don't forget at 8:00 in the morning.Come on!Let's row!
Yours J.
Reading faster is a skill in terms of people .How to master it?
here are three areas of the reading process that will help you develop.
At first,it is necessary to master a good vocabulary for fastreading.The longer it takes for you to recognise and interpreter the definition of a word,the longer it will take you to apply it to the total meaning of the phrase.if you have a good vocabulary in the social studies area ,you will read material in the subject much faster than an area such as science.In addition,establishing a purpose for reading to help you control your speed and pay attention to comprehensing.When you know why you are reading and what you warn to learn from your reading,you can adjust your rate to fit your needs.You can attempt to establish a purpose or goal for reading,this i do in serveral ways,depending on the material.Sometimes you can read the questions found in the text,if there are any,and than uses them as a guide.Eventually it is vital that you have more than one type of comprehension.There are literal understanding,critical understandig and aesthetic understanding.You can appreciate the style and technique of an author.
In a word,if you want to read faster,these may be important and useful.
Reading, what we have learned to since our study life, is one of the most necessary things in modern life.
There's no doubt that much unique pleasure can be brought form reading to our readers, just like other activities.
We are also able to make way for learning the things that we are interested.
Not only can reading bring pleasure of mind to us, but also contribute to enhancing the understanding of the world.
Besides, an easy access to many delighting stories which related to the wisdom of the ages, has been shown for us from reading.
As far as I am concerned, though reading can bring us a lot of benefits, we students still ought to make a good choice for reading, which really is wholesome for us.
With the increase of number of citizens in the big cities, the housing shortage has been exposed.
There are two ways in solving the problem: one si to build more law-price house through government, another is to control the price of the present house under the direction of government.
In my opinion, the housing shortage problem can be solved by the government and housing builder together.
Firstly, when the builders develop the estate they should bot only think about the profit but also the social responsibility.
When the houses are complete, if they can not be sold out, the builders can not obtain enough return, and they will suffer loss.
Secondly, the government wants to supply more house for the increasing citizens, and keeps stable.
The measure government has taken is usually that building more house in finance add supply, and making policy control housing price.
All these can relax the housing shortage problem in some way, but these actions has disobeyed the market mechanism.
From all above, the housing shortage problem can be solved by builder and government tigether.
The government should guide in macro aspect to compensate the fault of market, and the builders should offer mang houses based on their social responsibility in order to meet the demand of citizens in big cities.
If you and your classmate have different opinion,what will you do?I often respect my classmate's opinion and find why our opinion are different.If I was wrong I would chenge my opinion until it was right.If my opinion was right I must do something to change everyone's opinion.
Why I want to do this.Because I know the right thing is only one.Though there have no pure water and no pure milk,we needed do something to make it pure.
I think one day the world will be better because of me.
So what is your opinion.
Point: I have a funny and important English class.
Support 1:teacher introduced us to the basic principles of effective writing.
Support 2:teacher created a free and happy classrom atmosphere, we could take an active part in Classroom discussion.
Support 3:teacher told us get used to a whole new may of study.
Hello.My name is Jimmy.There are my mother my father and I in my family.My mother usually cooks dinner and washes the clothes.
My father always washes the plates and cleans the kitchen.But my mother cleans the kitchen better than my father.I sometimes clean the floor and I usually iron clothes.At weekends we usually have a picnic and take some beautiful photos in the park and we always have a good time.Sometimes we go shopping and cook a meal together.
There are many students who don't pay attention to spelling now.
students' reading first place but vocabulary.
electron dictionary can help us to improve our English study but give it up.Second,the vocabulary is the basis of the spelling,so we should think highly of the spelling.
