Nowadays, our information is always leaked accidentally.
How to keep our information safe is becoming a hot topic both on and off campus.
In my opinion, setting a password to our phone or computer is a good way.
Besides, the password should be more complex.
It is a good idea for you to ensure the password known by only you.
Before setting the password,you should check there is no private information in your phone or computer.
There are two advantages of my suggestion.
First of all, only you know the password, so your information is safe.
What's more, if you want to see some information, you must input the password.
In other words, you don't have the password, and you will fail to get the information.
Another important aspect is password is a private thing, if you don't tell someone, others people will not know it.
So they cannot steal your information.
In short, if all the factors are containable, therefore, I think setting a password is a good way to keep our information safe.
Maybe my suggestion is not the best way, but it is a feasible way.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming populer among young people who like easy and new ifestyle.There are many reasons that can contribute to SOHO lifestyle.One of the main reasons seems to be that people can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.By this lifestyle,people can have a well balanced life by taking good care of both jobs and their families.
Comparing with working at company,people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisers.As a result,they may feel relaxed and less stress to make full use of their talents.In addition,it is benefit to avoid traffic jam at the rush hour.In a word, SOHO lifestyle is welcomed by young poeple.
It's not easy in your age, if you feel very tired.
You can talk about these feelings with your mother.
May be she understands you.
You should sit down and communicate with your mother.
But you should understand your mother.
She is for you study in you future.
Your mother loves you.
You are right, because your mother hope let you will have a good future.
So, you should study hard for getting a good grade.
I hope things will be better for you soon.
Nowadays,with the development of globalization.The communication has been overwhelming between chinese and western culture .in my eyes ,I think the chinese culture is being polluted by Western commercialism .it is an unavoidable ttend.
The first fact that leads to my belief is that the foreign film into the china which has a change in the movie world .Just because the foreign movie looked better than the china,many people like to watched the foreign movie .Therefore ,this is to make the chinese film has a new advance .In addition ,some the western festivals was also into the china and the young people more like the foreign festivals .For example the Christmas and Valentine's day those festival is being popural by the chinese people .so.The chinese goverment need to improve efforts for our festivals.
In my opinion ,l think the chinese culture is being by western culture.but it is not bad .we can know just because the western culture into our countries this is to make us should more effert to improve our power to prevent this phenomenon .we has strongly power to pretect our culture which is has a development further.For the western culture we can not to aviocied it to attach our culture,but we can also it is bad for chinese culture.
Today's society is a competitive society, if you want to occupies a place in society, innovation is essential factors.
We can learn from some historical people.
Such as pele,Eddie Johnson • Alan di DE, "seaman (Edson Arantes Do Nascimento), also named bailey, is a continuous innovation of the football genius.
Every touch the ball, each passing remember, each time dribbles, bailey can always bring some unprecedented lens fans.
Based on the instinct shot opportunities keen, insight into excellent cross the sharpness of vision and legendary dribbling skills, bailey is the best football player.
If santos in many fans around the world's eyes on the "perfect game" word, it is main or due to their famous 10.
I am in China with my Chinese friends now.We do many meaningful things which help me know Chinese culture more.First of all, I communication with them and exchange ideas each other.Alao,we join in sports activities together.
Generally speaking,visiting places of interest is fun in Beijing.Meanwhile,it's fantastic to watch Peking Opera.We taste Chinese food as well.Above all,I learn about Chinese history.
Now Chinese are celebrating a special festival called Spring Festival when people should eat dumplings.I eat dumpings with my Chinese friends,too.
I love the life here.
Apparently, the picture reflects that the importance of reading literature.
We believe that some reasons can account for this phenomenon.
Firstly , I believe that literature is can cause the reader to think about things is to let readers read after feelings caused his thinking .Secondly , outstanding literary works in the work itself must have merit, the author is going through some truth through his works, we can know some truth, when people doing a lot of good will.
Thirdly , Literary works mostly written by celebrities, has the certain representation, so that people can acquire knowledge.
Lastly, a good literature is an effective way for relaxation.
With all was said above, we can draw a conclusion that reading literature is very importance.
In my opinion ,we should read more literature books.
A harmonious family is important to our personal development and our physical and mental health.
First of all, a harmonious family must be full of warmth, love and laughter.
These are the necessary success factors for a harmonious family.
Secondly, in this family, everyone should love, respect and understand each other.
More important points are honesty between each other.
There are too many reasons to make us create a harmonious family.
Most of reasons are from the children.
It is important for them to grow in a harmonious family.
Scientific experiments show that the growth in environmental harmony of parents children will be optimistic, and live in harmony of the family parents will be healthy and happy.
Thirdly, create a harmonious family, parents' words and deeds to do an example, on the basis of trust often communicate with children, this will make the child to a healthy direction.
Same as a child, I think a harmony family influence to children's body and mind is very important, which determine the kids on what kind of road development in the future.
So, creating a harmonious family is very important.
Dr Norman Bethune was born in 1890 in Canada.
He became a doctor in 1916 and in 1938,during the anti Japanese war,he came to China to treat the Chinese wounded soldiers.
He soon realised that many people were dying because they did not get to hospital quickly enough.
He invented special medical tools to use outside hospital and close to the fighting areas so that doctors could treat the wounded more quickly.
He had to work hard on his own because there were few doctors at that time.once.
He even worked for 69 hours without stopping and managed to save over a hundred live.
One day in 1939 he cut his finger during an operation,but he continued his work without treating it.
In the end he died for this wounded,Norman Bethune'work for Chinese people made him a hero in China.
There are many books and films about him and he is still remembered in both China and Canada today.
Now, I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
Above all, it is important for Chinese to celebrate the Spring Festival.
There are a lot of customs.
Chinese people celebrate the Spring Festival by these customs.
Before the Spring Festival,people clean their house and cook many delicious meals for celebrating it.And people paste the couplet to wish for happiness and success.
Chinese people paste paper-cuts on windows,too.
The paper-cuts show people's yearning towards a good life.
During the Spring Festival, the family will get together to celebrate it and have a good time.
They will eat dumplings together.
Children will set off firecrackers and play together.They will receive a red envelope.
The customs are so many that I can't tell you all.
I Advise you to come to China and enjoy the Spring Festival.
Yours,ZhangPeng.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.They are both tall,but Wang Lingling has long straight hair,Liu Lili has short straight hair.Wang Lingling likes reading and she is serious.Liu Lili likes sports.So she is funny.Nevertheless they are the same as popular.Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili,but she is not as smart as Liu Lili.So Liu Lili's grade always better than Wang Lingling's.They are both outgoing.They often go out with each other.Also they went to many interesting places.Such as the great wall,the Palace Museum and Tian'anmen Square.They think they are best friends forever.
as a saying goes:A single slip may cause lasting sorrow.
Due to the college extrance examination's mistake, i was very disappointed when i entered to the poor university, However, After in entering university , all the time, i have a firm belief:i must amitted to graduate student of human normal university, this faith has been inspiring me, The past can not be charged, the future is yet in my power.
rist of all, As to my college life, i regard that the university life is similar to that of a high school, in the morning, i usually get up early every day, i insist that not the alarm clock wake up every day, is my dream, i divide it into two aspects:study and leisure life, , in my oponion, study is prioeity in college, in the one hand, in the class, no matter what classes i set in the front row and listen to the teacher careful every day, i have to study all the time and hardly had spare time to do what i wanted to, beside, i have to focus on my books and doing exercise over and over.
by working so hard, i get good grades in the exams.
Secondly, in my leisure life, i go to the cinema with my best friend once a half a year, occasionally a went to the balcony of blow, the side rings will be what my dad said:"no pains, no gains", As bark is vital to a tree, so is dignity to a person is my motto, talking without practive is fake, the university four year later, actions speak lounder than words, i firmly believe that i will use action to prove it.
In conclution, The saying goes well, while there is life there is hope, Always believe that you ultimate goal is attainable as long as you comment yourself to it, we can become stronger, and the better, under manhood's sterner reign, it is a place that i have been dreaming for a long time, in the near future, my dream will come true.
In our life,there are many books to read.However,how should we read books?There are two opinions around people.
Some people think that we should read books extensively.In our busy world,we always have many things to deal with,so we should have much knowledge to face many kinds of cases.But others have the opposite opinion that there are many kinds of books in our neighbor,but many books we don't use ,even that they will give us some bad information and will make us can't choose the right way.
As a result,as far as I am concerned,we should read books selectively.I am often busy in my school and I don't have much time to read some books which can't give me some useful information.It will waste me much time and I can use the time to read a book carefully to acquire more knowledge.That is all my opinion in reading books.
Because of the NAFTA and WTO, the U.S. has had steadily growing trade deficits for nearly three decades, which results in actual and potential job losses.
In despite of this,the Bush Administration is pressing Congress for "fast track" trade negotiating authority, which may aggravate the situation.
The NAFTA and WTO benefits the exports of the U.S. a lot.
But any evaluation of the impact of trade on the domestic economy must look at both imports and exports.
According to the statistics, its imports have also increased a lot.
Between 1994 and 2000,while gross U.S. exports rose 61.5%,imports rose much more, by 80.5%.With the trade deficits growing, the job losses also increased much more rapidly.
As the data shows, job losses associated with the trade deficit increased six times more rapidly between 1994 and 2000.
Job losses do not only happened in sole state or sector.
Almost every state and sector is faced with this kind of situation, Although the NAFTA and WTO can deliver many new jobs, it can not offset the jobs it took away from the U.S..
Between 1994 and 2000, the U.S. deficit in manufacturing trade increased 158.5%, as a result almost every industry experienced a net loss of jobs since 1994.
There are two main causes of increasing trade deficits.
The first one is the the increasing U.S. foreign direct investment, which improves the foreign production capacity,then results in the rapid growth of exports to the U.S., growth in the U.S. trade deficit, and growth in trade-related job losses.
As the above suggests, the WTO and NAFTA has hurts U.S. workers, industries and economic interests.
The cost of NAFTA and WTO for U.S. is huge, while the promised benefits have failed to materialize.
So the existing trade agreements should be repaired and rebuilt before moving ahead with another round of broad, new trade deals.
As a exchange student ,you are warmly welcomed to come to our school .As you know ,Tianjin is a city near the Pacific Ocean .So our weather is hot and rainy in the summer ,and is cold windy and dry in the winter .Besides the two seasons ,our weather is always warm in the spring ,and is cool in the autumn .With the progress of science and technology ,in our school every classroom is equipped with a computer .And there is a bookshelf with a variety of books .What＇s more ,the proverb says , "No pains ,no gains .
"So we are all keen to learn to enlarge our vocabularies and acquire a sound knowledge .We all hope you could take part in our learning lives in order to enhance the understanding and friendship between the students of China and the USA .
Finally ,I would appreciate it if you could reply to me soon.
My favourite animal is a dog.
Its name is Xiao Bai.
It's small and white.
It has two shorts ears, two bright eyes.
Its mouth is very big.
It has four legs ang a long tail.
It can run and swim.
It eats meet and bones.
It lives in my home.
Every morning.
I say goodbye to Xiao Bai before.
I go to school.
Mrs.susan Hobson is a competent secretary in my office.
She did a secretary in my office for two years.
During 2 years, she is an honest man and work hard in the job and devote herself the job duty.She is good at Engiish and German.In the wort time,she is work hard, Loyal to their duties.What is mort,she good at oral language and master common oral translate job.
Something happened in the winter holiday gave me an answer to the question.
Last week, when I was taking underground, an old lady who was waiting for the train suddenly fall off with her hand touching her head.
She looked painful but I don't know what to do.
More and more people gathered together to see what has happened.
Meanwhile, a man who was wearing white coat hurried arrived.
He seemed to be a doctor.
He put his finger in front of the lady's nose, but he could't feel breathing.
The man quickly did CPR on the lady.
Everyone was cheering.
Soon the ambulance arrived and the old lady was sent to the hospital.
However, when everyone was cheering, the man left without leaving a name or an address.
This inflences me deeply.
I should learn from him who was a Leifeng.
He sets me a shining example.
In the picture,when the rumors turn up, people are in panic.It caused much loss for society.
However,the phenomenon like this often arise in the modern world.On the one hand,especially with the development of Internet technology ,the people can be convenient to extand the rumors and other people can easily recieve the wrong information .
It is no doubt that it caused much harmfulness.As for the whole government ,they will devote much money and do lots of things to calm them down.They will doing the research to get the truth .Then they try to convince the people who are in panic .It also will decrease the convincing degree of the government.Only the government devotes more money and try to settle the people down .
As for the people who are in panic ,they will recieve the harm from the rumors.They get hurt in mentaly and may do something astonishing.They may not believe the government any more.With the shed of rumors ,they will keep long time for panic.It does harm to their health.
So,in order to prevent this from happening ,we ourselves must obey the foundermental principle.we will have a healthy online world.
Winter vacation I went to Beijing with my mother.
Beijing is the capital city, and night scene is very beautiful.
People so much that the traffic is very heavy, the car are very much also.
The air is not as good as my hometown.
Beijing limits car of single and double, to protect the environment.
First of all we watch the flag in Tiananmen square, there are too many people.
After went to see the Great Wall, it is said that is not a true man unless he comes to the Great Wall.
On the Great Wall can see the beautiful scenery.
The next station is the aquarium, and we see all kinds of fish, very wonderful.
Finally, we went to the Olympic park, take pictures after we went home.
It's a wonderful trip.
Campus life is as important as one of our body in our daily life, which we should learn to treasure, especially the college life.
The university are used to be called "the tower of ivory", and spaced out from the real world.
Actually, on the contrary, the college can not run away from the anxiety of common customs.
Because of our educational background is not good, and we have to face the serve employment pressure.
Although we've entered the college, we should still study hard.
In our college life, we can take part in all kinds of activities held by various unions that can help wildly broaden your sights to make you more informed.
Beside rich and colorful outdoor activities, you can also attend many academic speeches or the course you may be found of as well, in which you can not only learn something beneficial but also you can entertainment both your body and your heart.
In addition, you can also go to the library to study what you interested.
Learn from each other in your class is also a good important way to improve yourself.
Moreover, if it is convenient, you can travel for a vacation to have a relax after a busy college life.
In a word, you have to make use of the resource in college.
Cherish your college life, you can benefit a lot from it.
I always believe that   where there is a will, there is a way.
After all, life is not so long.
An unforgettable thing during the winter holiday is spending the Spring Festival.
Today is the Spring Festval.I went to my grandparents'home.My brother is still there.And he is seeing a program called"Runningman".It's very interesting.
At the evening, my father took some fireworks up, and we also began to play fireworks.The fireworks is too pretty to see all of them.
We stop seeing the beautiful fireworks to watch the CCTV Spring Festival gala, Later, my cell phone was ringing all the time.
I received lots of short messages from my friends and classmates.
They all blessed me happy New Year.
I gave same bless to them by sending back the happy words.
At almost 12 pm, I made a wish in New Year.But I am so tired that sleep early.
Nowadays,after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
After-school activities do not occupy students' too much time.
In fact, it is unhealthy for them to spend all of time on their study.
In my opinion, junior high school graduation ceremony is memorable.
On June 21, 2013, we gathered in the hall to say goodbye to our old classmates.
At the beginning of the ceremony, we watched a video about our life during junior high.
We laughed and cried after watching it because it was our memory of time that we spent with each other.
After that, our teacher gave us encouragement to make us do our best in the exams.
Then, the headmaster gave everybody the certificate of junior high school, and we all thanked and hugged her.
We thought she was a perfect headmaster.
At last, we gave flowers to our teachers who accompanied us 5 years because we thought they were just like our friends and helped us so much.
I think the junior high school graduation ceremony is memorable because it made all of my classmates in junior high moved.
And it was a symbol of the end of our life in junior high school.
During My study life,there are plenty of teachers,nevertheless,the writing teacher hold me deeply impression.
I have a beautiful and friendly English teacher.She is not high but very temperament.She would like to a ponytail,her hair is not long yet black elegant.Her appearance is rosy .There are two bright eyes on her face.She enjoys smiling ,when she smiles,her eyes just like the moon ,at the beginning of the mouth,her nose is flat.She appreciates wearing brown coat,jeans,and high-heeled shoes.All in all,she gives a person a kind of comely and the beauty of nature.Especially I intend to illustrate a thing,that she calls the name of the students in my class,she will call the last word still use to repeat the word,let me feel that she is not only my teacher but also my sister.Besides,in her class,we always draw classmates' laughter,we always can easily acquire knowledge,we always feel that class is extremely short ,let me involuntarily like her and like her class.
This is my English writing teacher and mine.
From the chart, we can see that an increasing number of college students are doing part-time jobs.
Today, it has become a very widespread phenomenon.
The percentage of students is estimated to have increased from 0% in 1990 to 58% in 2010.
Maybe the reason can be listed as follows.
The firstly, with the booming of the economy, the college students get more and more part-time job opportunities.
Secondly, part-jobs offer them opportunities to apply what they have learned in school and demonstrate their abilities.
It enables them to be more independent, they can work by their own.
Part-time job experiences may be of great help to their future careers.
Thirdly, they can earn their own pocket money to reduce the burden of parents, it also teaches them how to handle the finances.
For all of these reasons , I firmly believe that most students would benefit from taking part-time job while they are in college .
Of course , they must pay attention to safety problem .
Keep the balance of work and study.
It's necessary for us to do some exercise.
Sports are good for our health.
My favorite sport is swimming.
I often go to the swimming pool on the weekend.
Swimming can make me feel happy and cool.
I can play with my friends under the water.
We all enjoy ourselves.
When I feel sad or nerves, I will go swimming and have great relax in the water.
Swimming also helps me make friends.
It changed my life.
Long time no see.I'm so glad to hear from you.You asked me about Chinese Spring Festival.Let me tell you something about it.
Spring Festival is the most biggest festival in China,just like Christmas in your country.People over a year of work and begin to get ready for Spring Festival.Before the festival,people clean up their house,buy food and new clothes,paste the couplet,decorate their house and something like that.
Then,Spring Festival comes.Everyone dresses up himself and wears new clothes.People who work away from home come back and every family sit together and have dinner.At the same time,we watch Spring Festival Gala Evening until twelve bells,people set off firecracker at the time.We stay up all night in New Year's Eve and eat dumpling.Then,we visit our relative and children usually can get pocket money.We all like that.
Now,I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
KongMing said a word"Man Proposes God Disposes".That is to say you must do one thing, but success depends on luck.It shows luck is a high povcentage in success.
arrangement to avoid the accident when we are going to do something.
For example,you will travel to America after a week.Now you should plan to do with detail arranged.It's include travel equipment,the route of trip, the scenic spots and so on.
Of course, there is access to travel weather conditions in order to avoid because of bad weather and travel time delay.However,on the trip may be many uncertain factors, such as encounter extreme weather, route changes, lack of budget and so on, so there must be a detailed set of solutions to deal with the preparation before the trip.
Finally i only want to show that one thing can be completed successfully besides luck more want to rely on rigorous planning and arrangement to avoid the intenfence of uncertain factors.
Richard, a young man who enjoys surfing the internet and taking risks, came to Bangkok, Tailand one day dreaming of finding the beach which was described as the heaven by the netizens.
Living in a cheap hotel, Richard met a France girl Franoise and her boyfriend.
Not long after, they became friends and Richard fell in love with Franoise.
They made every effort trying to find the beach, but the only things they saw were fields of hemp and Thai farmers with guns.
Being scared by all those things, they ran away as fast as they could and ran into 'The Beach' at last all of an accident.
There, they lead lives like primitive men with no worried nor troubles.
The book surely expresses the writer's desire to find a place just as the beach which is the heaven of the earth with no worried nor troubles.
Of course, each one has his own heaven of the world of escapism, but he'll only get lost in the heaven of the earth.
Primitive men surely lead lives good enough--perhaps just human beings think so, but if we begin to be a part of them, just like Richard, the only result is to get lost.
Instead of running from reality, we'd better face them bravely.
My winter vacation is the most unforgettable thing I joined the calligrapher's association of hebei province, and became the youngest member.
I started learning calligraphy from the age of 8 years old, for 11 years, has won more than 80 times across the country, when I was in junior high school special joined the Baoding city calligrapher's association.
I am glad I chose this art of calligraphy.
I paid a lot of hard work for 11 years, but I never thought to give up.
My next goal is to join Chinese calligrapher's association, I will continue to work hard for this.
As we can see ,with the rapid development of science and technology,we are easy to contact the tourist attractions without trouble.However,there are still existed some uncivilized phenomenon on modern society.
Such as throwing out garbage,drawing characters on tourist site with liberation,taking photo illegally when asked no photo with definition,useing uncivilized words when speaking and so on.As far as i am concerned,we should resist the uncivilized pheonemon without hesitation.which will help us to enhance ourself culture.what is more important thing is that we should boost the self-imagine on such a civilized society.Moreover,as the member of modern society,it is our compulsory responsibility to protect the civilization of travel.what is known to us is that civilization is to travel what sun to glass.Therefore,how to slove the uncivilized phenonemon which is our significant targets has been a important issue.
In my opinion,we should make advanced preparations when we decide to travel,make access to know local culture definitely.when we arrive at tourist attractions,it is extremely important to know the prohibition,which can make us reduce unnecessary mistakes.beside,using proper words when we talk with others is also necessary,which is beneficial for us to promote friendly relationship between each other.
Last but not least,we should use our legal right to prevent these uncivilized phenomenon from being happined when we see some uncivilized action.only in this way,can we ultimately structure an civilization society and cultivate an civilized atmosphere.
I am glad to tell you that I have already adapted myself to college life .
Chongqing University lives up to my expectation .
My life here is wonderful and colorful .
My life is filled with various activities .
What appeals to me most is the library .
As Francis Bacon says : " Histories make men wise , poets witty ,the mathematics subtle , natural grave ,logic and rhetoric able to contend .
As university students , we should read as much as possible to make us wise,informed and learned.
In my opinion , It is necessary for us to read different kinds of books.
It does not mean that you must have a good knowledge of many aspects .
But you had better get some of them .
First, we should learn the history .
History make men wise , and you can learn the development of your country , then you will have a better understanding of your motherland .
Second , calculus is also necessary , we can develop our logic-thinking ability , which plays an essential part in modern science .
Third, literature also contributes to developing your qualities.
We can learn a lot from it, at the same time, we will be more romantic, which adds great joy to life.
In addition, we should try to read some books about natural philosophy despite the fact that they may be boring.
Philosophy dates back to the origin of humans, and explores the meaning of lives.
Reading philosophy will make you understand life better and get to know that your potential is limitless.
In a word, reading makes men more brilliant.
And I will try my best to improve myself through reading.
And the same goes for you.
That is all.
Now, I have to go to bed .
Best wishes to you.
I think it is very important for students to smile and respect of everybody for a middle school student.
I usually say hello to anyone else at school until I leave school.
So they like me very much.
I usually wait in line at the bus stop.
I am never late for school when I go to school.
It is on time.
I am very happy and not alone Because I am kind-hearted and funny etc.
Susan Sontag, the author of Beauty, is U.S. essayist, philosopher, novelist, short-story writer and filmmaker.
She is a leading observer of new trends in literature, art, film, photography and culture.
Her publications include Against Interpretation(1960), On Photography(1976), Illness as Metaphor(1978), The Benefactor(1964) and Death Kit(1967).
Leon Wieseltier, literary editor of The New Republic and an old friend of Ms. Sontag's, said,"There was something unusually vivid about her writing.
That's why even if one disagrees with it - as I did frequently - it was unusually stimulating.
Beauty was first published in Vogue magazine in 1975.
Susan Sontag begins her essay with the old, Greek meaning that beauty is total, integrated concept of excellence including physical virtue and moral virtue.
She gives an example "Socrates" to illustrate that life is full of paradox.
With this Greek definition of beauty, the author aims to starting from the ideal and then to trace its corruption.
Beauty today only contains female outward appearance.
Two factors-influence of Christianity and social convention attribute to the changed notion.
Then the writer argues against today's definition of beauty.
Susan Sontag puts forward her argument: that beauty is associated with female implies a sexually unfair judgment of women.
She uses 3 contrasts to support the argument.
First-conventional use of words to describe women and men.
"Beautiful", applied today only to women, means derogatory, while "'handsome", used to describe men, is commendatory.
The writer compares female beauty with male handsome.
Second, being famine means caring about how to looks, while being masculine means caring about what one is and does.
Third, the writer compares male blemishes with female perfection.
Women are taught to see their bodies in parts and to evaluate each part separately.
Nothing less than perfection will do.
In men, good looks is a whole.
The measurement between male's appearance and female's are totally different.
Finally, Sontag puts forward her suggestion that women should keep some critical distance from the trap of beauty today, enough distance to see how much beauty itself has been abridged.
We fail to find a sentence which contains the thesis statement in Beauty, while Sontag has managed to make her point clear somewhere in the essay.
She makes use of technique of contrast.
Through these contrasts, Sontag reveals the corruption of beauty-loss, features, overtones, fame and power.
She has turned to a special way to present her point instead of using the conventional way.
Recently, with the development of Internet,onlin shopping has became a new way to shopping.
Online shopping bring more convenint for people,some example can give the details of this argument.Nowdays,people can purchase something they want at home just click the mouse.So it is important that save people's time.There are some disadvantages,yet.Beacuse we can't see the real goods ,we dont't know the quality of goods is good or bad .At the same time ,you may not gain the goods although you have pay for it.
In my opinion,we should make more laws to order online shopping .
Based on the above disussions I think that the advantage of online shopping overweight the disadvantages.We can buy goods from Internet through the right ways.
I want to have a rich and meaningful college very much.
College has so many free time.
So I think,doing meaningful things is to make a meaningful college life.
Now,let me tell you the meaningful college life that I think.
In college,we have many opportunities to improve ourselves.
There are a lot of meaningful activities.
Such as many interesting associations.
It can improve yourself and let your college life get interesting.
Going to the library is also a good and meaningful thing which can broaden our horizon.
Besides,we can find some part time jobs.
I believe,my college life will be meaningful and full of laughter.
There is an old saying, " one will not read a book unless it is borrowed", which means that if the book is not borrowed, you will not read it seriously.
While some individuals do not approve of it, other people, including me, agree with it.
The first reason is that only when you come across a book you really love, then you will borrow it from others.
You love it, so you take it seriously.
Because the time is limited, you have to finish it before you return it.
When you do your utmost, you surely acquire a lot.
On the contrary, if the book is in the possession of you, you can read it whenever you are willing to.
Absolutely, you needn't pay great effort to do it.
There is great possibility that you cannot finish it forever.
The second, we are bound to make progress in ability in social practice while borrow a book.
In the process, we communicate with others, talking about our experience and what we have learned from the book.
We enjoy the pleasure of reading while nurture our soul and make more friends.
Finally, we can come to a conclusion that we will only read a book seriously when it is borrowed.
To be sincerely, we should think highly of what we have, and read a book seriously whether it is borrowed or bought.
I always wonder whether there are extraterrestrials truly existing on other planets and one day they will visit our planet.
While it remains a mystery, I would rather believe that they really exist and have some more advanced technology and device to solve the pressing problems we are faced with.
As is known to us, we are facing so many woes.
Firstly, one of the most serious problems is the population.
It is over 7 billion and still increasing.
On account of so many people, we consume lots of resource to support our human being, so we cut down more trees to farm and catch more animals to eat on a large scale.
Therefore, there are a great number of animals dying out.
However, ironically, we don't seem to stop our behaviors and some people even extravagant.
Another issue I wish to discuss is the environment.
There are thousands of cars running the road, thousands of factories are working every minute and thousands of rivers are polluted every second.
Now, greenhouse effect is more critical, but we are helpless.
I'm curious about whether extraterrestrials would help us, but it's high time that we human being should take long-overdue measures to change the status quo.
Only by this can we save our earth completely.
Some parents say my child is so lazy,that he or she don't do house work, I think it was wrong,why?Now i will tell you that..
response test.So they can't do house work.But when they free,they can help their parents to clean floor.house work is tired,so I will help my parents wash clothes.
This my view of the house.
As the technology developing,many things around us become more proceed,like computers,cell phone,so are books.
On the subject of it,many traditional books disappeared as far as we know.But some asked will E-books replace traditional Books?This is a matter worth considering.
From my point of view,traditional books can't be forgotten and ignored.Long long ago,our ancestors used paper books study everything,so traditional books is meaningful for us.On the other hand,China is ancient civilization,so the book shouldn't be abandoned.But think of people's life which is speedy,busy,like traditional books which are heavy and not convenient,in the interest of convenient,people prefer to E-books without doubt.
E-book for people nowadays is popular.It can preserve in your cell phone and portable computer.This is the reason E-books can be read in everywhere .They can read it in the subway which is crowded and bus.They can read it even when people are walking.Have to mentioned is E-books can be read in the dark due to cell phone's light.But what chilling me is that,more and more people use E-books,traditional books could forget by us.Maybe when traditional books deadly disappear and covered with thick dust,we would realize what we lose.
Days is colorful,more and more developed will appear in our daily life.Not only should we keep up with the pace of scientific development, but also can't forget the traditional.As the saying goes"a man shouldn't forget his root".
First of the time I learn English as I set foot on the junior middle school.At that time, All of my classmates aren't learn English,In our opinions,It's difficult to learn English.my spoken-English are bad,and the individual word is too hard to be remembered.What's worse,my English teacher are not very well.When she started a class,most of the classmates were doing what they want to do,of course,"those student" including me,so,At every examination ,my marks never passing the exam.unluckily,In my heart,I haven't thought how to learn English,It's not until the last year that I stayed in the junior middle school,at the same time,I want to learn English!!
!obviously,During the last year,the life are not very well.Neverthless my spoken English are not very bad, according to the spoken-English,my English would to be well gradually .
For my career life,I would take part in the entrance exams for postgraduates schools,so English will present to my life .In the future,I would learn English very hard!
It's hard to make friends if you stay alone all the time.
It's easier to make friends when you have similar interests.
Don't be afraid to show people what you are really good at.
Talk about the things you like and do best.
Look at people in the eyes when you talk to them.
Be a good listener.
Let people talk about themselves before talking about yourself.
Be friendly to a lot of people.
Try to help your friends when they are in trouble because a friend in need is a friend indeed.
That way you'll have a bigger group to choose from and have more chances to make friends.
Hello everyone,my name is Y,it is really a great honor to have this opportunity to be here and now I will introduce myself briefly.
I am 24 years old, born in Z Province.
X is the place where I am study for four years,I am very fond of this city.
Confucius' hometown and city-as-museum, Y is where the Master lived and did his teaching.
Three major historical sights are found in Y: the Confucian Forest, Temple and Mansion.
I come from Z university for nationality.
My major is Teaching Chinese as the second language.I am young, bright, energetic and confident.
I feel that my strongest asset is my ability to stick to things to get them done.
I feel a real feeling of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turns just as I'd planned.
I have lots of interest,such as singing.reading and cooking.I think I'm a good team player and also I am able to work under pressure.
In the future, I want to be a good Chinese teacher.
Although it demands a lot, I will try my best to become outstanding.
Thank you for your listening.
Now, in this modern time many people like travel with a lot of reason.
And some people like travel alone, the others prefer travel with a companion.
I still remember last summer holiday my mom and dad took me to visit my aunt's family; they live in a beautiful village in America for a long time.
We lived their home about one week first but my dad wanted to visit another place so we join in a package tour.
Ti was a bad memory for me, we got up at 4 a.m. in the early morning and travelled about 2 or 3 views a day and went to sleep about 11 p.m. or even more lately.
Ti was too tired for us and my body felt sick.
After a month my parent came back China for work and left me here.
So I travelled on my own near the village.
It was another town and since I was become more assertive when I was alone.
I chose a motel first and it didn't cost much money.
Before I started to travel I made a three days plan.
For the first day, I chose to visit the local shop here.
And it was a wonderful day; I bought many presents for my friends and my parent.
Although I have some language barrier, I try my best to tackle it.
And make some new friends.
But the rain of next day destroyed my plan of fishing.
So I quickly change my plan, I found the map and went to the center library in this town.
I read some funny books and watched an exciting English film.
I can learn new things and become assertive.
Today was the first day of my new life.I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.I was excited as well as worried.I was so excited because I can make more friends,visit the school.Everything is exciting for me.But I was not sure what kind of teachers and classmates I would meet.
When I got school,I was so surprised that my teachers and classmates were so friendly and kind.I didn't feel nervous any more.School was just like my home.After school,I was sure that I would never be worried and I believed I would be glad every day.
Good morning, everyone.
Today I'm going to talk about something about my favorite sport.
I hope you'll enjoy it.
My favorite sport is badminton.
I started playing it when I was nine years old.
At first, I find it difficult to control the badminton, but a few months later, I begun to like it.
At that time, I usually asked my mun to play with me.
Now, I still like playing it.
I usually play badminton on weekends with my parents or my best friend.
I like playing it because I am very happy when I play it.
It also helps me keep fit.
And I'm happy when I see that my skill is improved.
If you like playing badminton too, please tell me, we can play it together.
Since 1980s, the economy of China has developed greatly.
With more money in their pockets, people are spending more money on travelling, which has brought prosperity to tourism.
Nevertheless, many travel agencies or agents are reported to cheat their customers and make money in a dishonest way.
The reason for dishonesty in tourism is various.
First and for most, money is the spur.
Some travel agencies use all means to cheat their customers in order to get more money.
Secondly, to survive in the fierce competition, travel agencies have to make enough profits.
To realize profit maximization, they cheat.
Last but not least, their victims seem to have little sense of defending their rights.
To regulate travel agencies and protect the rights of tourists, the government has issued various laws.
However, I think tourists can take the following tips to avoid travel scams.
First, choose a trustworthy travel agency for your trip.
Secondly, use your common sense and keep alert while travelling.
Finally, defend yourself if your rights are violated.
After the college entrance examination .We get into college sucessful.
some students think college is very wonderful this is amusement oneself's life.such as ktv bar and so on .
But after this thing,there are much hidden danger.
For example owing to happily on the first day lead to didn't have intersting to study the second day.
So they will be late leave early even cut classes.
So i think the college education is very important.
And as a college student ,study hard is the most important.
So school should be strict with this thing.And as a student we shoud study hard no come late no leave early and no cut classes.
The school's develop turn on which student's attitude.
So the colloge student should treat study correctly.
I am a College students, in addition to nervous learning every day, I worry most is the traffic.Because the traffic is really busy.To begin with, I take bus.But now I find riding a bike is better than the bus.First, the bicycle can exercise,The bus can only standing or sitting.The second,Bicycle can reduce the traffic congestion,Too many cars, sometimes not bike fast.Third, it is the most important, the bike is very environmental protection.Because a lot of private car or bus, car exhaust cause environmental pollution.Finally, I suggest that the college students to ride a bicycle, bicycle advantages because of the many.
Different people have the different ways of learning,My favorite Way of learning is the modern trend instead of tradition teaching,the modern trend is teacher and student exchange together.Modern trend have a lot of advantages,for example,We can study by myself to improve our memory and understand knowledge and make more friends with the other students.
We can also understand the article deeply,modern trend makes me freedom.The same time,modern trend have some disadvantages,some knowledge is very difficult so we cannot understand quickly so we will lose many time on it.
Modern teaching extremely differently tradition teaching,my favorite way of learning is the modern trend.
Recently,more and more people are doubtful about whether it is useful for students to go to college.
In my opinion,going to college is a meaningful thing.Firstly,we can get more professional knowledge and practical skills which can better help students secure a job position in the future.Secondly,going to college is useful for us to improve our accomplishment.We can form a good quality and take in more thinking method.At the same time,we can form a perfect system of values.Finally,it can help us to understand the meaning of the life and can broaden our horizons.
Generally speaking,it is useful for us to go to college.
In this picture,the boy said that he was worried about disposing of nuclear waste.His father told him if he can empty the dustbin here,he can do anything.We learn that people should pay attention to things that small.
Everyone has a dream.And everybody want to be a great man.But "super-" is just a legend during normal people.Just as the saying goes,"You can not sweep the world if you don't sweep your floor first",we must perform well in detail and small things that you think are not important enough.
Ford is the fonder of his company.When he graduated from school,he was upset after he had applied for a job.He came into the office that the chairman worked in with the thinking "Take things as they come".But he saw a waste paper and picked it up as soon as he got into the office.The chairman hired Ford without any other reasons.Then,Ford was succeed in his life during few years and people all of the world known him.
Details determine success or failure.We must do our best in everything and study in small things.Eventually,we can do well in everything-small and we win.
Love is a kind of emotion that somebody show to the certain person or things.Love can warm person's heart.A mother kisses the baby's face,a father holds the whole family responsibilities on his shoulder,sisters share happy or unhappy things with you,brothers always trust you even if all of the person don't believe you,friends try their best to help you when you are in trouble,classmates smile to you on campus,girlfriends look after you when you are sick,colleagues work together with you,and etc.Those are all the expressions of love.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this compatible with your 55/88 device?
Hello,i am Tom .
I like playing football , playing football, reading books and drawing.
time, i like to read some books , because books can help me learn more.
when i finish doing my homework , i ride bikes with my brother.
When we feel tired .
we get a rest and walk .
Then we come back.
We have a great time.
we both enjoy our free time.
Hello Jim I it is very important to keep safe at the school,and I will tell you some advice for this.
Keep safe at school can make the students and teachers more assured.
First students and teachers must learn how to avoid hurt themselves.
Second the school must have a school doctor,when they don't care to get hurt,school doctor can help them treat.
Third schools can carry out evacuation drills.
Do this to ensure that it is safe.
I think these suggestions can make schools safer,and it can help students and teachers to save themselves.That's all.
Being a mature student does not mean being an old-timer.
Maturity is not measured by the number of years a person has lived.
Instead, the yardstick of maturity is marked by the qualities of self-denial, determination, and dependability.
Self-denial is an important quality in the mature student.
First, the self-denial makes people like you very easy, and easy to get their approval.
The most attractive place of others who are his personality charm, the personality charm can attractive others to know you and make friend to you.
When I was a child, I have a good friend who is a very strong person of personality charm.
No matter what he did I will follow him, because I feel comfortable with him.
I suppose that he has an important quality of self-denial.
Second, if you is a self-denial person, you will easily succeed when you working.
Due to you has the important quality your friends will help you try their best.
And the self-denial person is easy to make a commitment to work for you and every company will like this kind of people.
Third, the self-denial is an essential condition of success.
As a winner who need to have the vision, and control everything around he.
If you have the quality of self-denial, you can say "I am a man".
Determination is another characteristic of a mature student.
Determination easily to give you the quick judgments and solve some different things, it make the work of the efficiency was improved.
Sometimes a company is lived or died depend on the company's efficiency, and the determination is an important part of improve efficiency.
The people would like this person who to do something very quickly and well, because it will make people feel this person was very frank and willing to close to the person.
Although self-denial and determination are both vital, probably the most important measure of maturity is dependability.
Dependability is a value showing the reliability of a person to others because of his integrity, truthfulness, and trustfulness, traits that can encourage someone to depend on him.
In conclusion, one symbol of maturity is varied, however, the qualities of self-denial, determination, and dependability is important to ours.
If you possess these qualities, then marks you've matured, so to cultivate these qualities try your best.
Our world is facing a huge issue about pollution, especially air pollution.
We usually heard that our city has haze weather tomorrow or someplace have sand storm.
It is the outcome that air pollution results from unreasonable human activities.
In my point of view, the fundamental method is using clean energy instead of fossil fuels.
It is widely acknowledged that the main cause of causing air pollution is the use of fossil fuels.
So the most important thing is to change this situation.
As a matter of fact, clean energy can also do the fossil fuels can do, such as cooking, lighting, heating and cooling.
And we all know that clean energy is free.
Moreover, clean energy is renewable resources.
It means clean energy is exactly the new energy that can't be used up and it has no pollution to the environment.
In a word, in order to have a good quality of air which is equivalent to the quality of life, we should take some effective measures to improve it.
The most important thing is to use clean energy.
Let's do it.
I have a dream, I want to have a pet and have s pet shop.
Let me tell you, because I think pets are very lovely.
But my mother doesn't like dogs or cats, and we don't have much time.
So, I think I grew up and then I keep a pet.
After that, I want to have a pet shop.
I can keep many pets in that and establish good relationship with a pet.
I can keep dogs, cats, fishes, pigs, rabbits.
and so on.
Theretofore, I must have a good result, and good good study, day day up, admitted to a good school.
And at home,I can help my mother to do the housework, improve my ability.
I have two good friends in my class,one is very white,but the other is dark.
The dark one looks like her mother.She is a little taller than me,with long brown hair,and she wears a pair of white glasses.She has two big bright eyes and two big ears.She's very thin,and with two long legs.
She is very friendly and genuine.She always helps me with my maths.
She's good at playing Chinese zither.She also likes singing,and we took part in a singing competition at school last year.She has a sweet tooth as well,just like me.She likes eating hot things,so she has some pimples on her face.
Teaching knowledge or training the students the awareness of innovation,which of them should be thought more important in the education of school?People's opinions about it vary from person to person.Some people suggest that learning knowledge is more important,on the contrary,some people in favor of the ability of creativity is more important.
As far as I am concerned,I agree with the former opinion to same extent.I think knowledge is the foundation of creativity.For instance,if you never learn English before you couldn't write a creative composition in spite of how many creative ideas you have.We have to admit the fact that most of us learn the knowledge of it,then we are good at it,finally we can creat something new which others didn't think of it.This is a procedure.
No one can deny the fact that creativity is needed in our society,however we must have some basic kowledge firstly.It 's a suitable time for us to learn more knowledge in our school.Above all,I think that knowledge should be emphasized in education.
As far as I am considered, university students' entertainment can be divided into three kinds, according to where it takes place.
One is dormitory activities.
As we all know that most of the girls prefer staying in the dormitory rather than going out and doing some sports.
Dormitory which is a small world for these girls, they can do whatever they want to do in the dormitory, such as watching a romantic love movie, listening to music and making their bed and desk much neater.
The second one is classroom activities.
The classroom is the main place where we should take much time to stay here.
think we just can study in here.
Actually we can have some activities here, we can take a party, we can hold a concert in here and we also can do many other things in here.
The last one, of course, is outdoors.
Compared with some girls, boys, especially those energetic ones who don't like staying in the dormitory, they prefer doing some sports outdoors.
On weekends, they will take most parts of time to go out to do sports.
Some girls also like going out, doing shopping from morning to afternoon.
All in all, nowadays university students have many places to have an entertainment.
took part in an activity of "Experience a Low-carbon Day" during the summer vacation.
In the day, I went to school by a bus with my friend in another class.
She was astonished at why I waited for the buses and let not my parents send me to the school by car.
I tell her our class's planing.
She also wanted to join us.
At noon, we selected the reusable chopsticks when we had lunch.
And then, she saw my classmate touching the disposable chopsticks, she spoke loudly--no.
What's more, she used the cloth bag to hold the things, bought by her.
And she turned down the assistant about giving plastic bag.
In the evening, we should do our homework.
She asked for using the electric fan to instead of the air conditioner.
By the day, I knew how to do in my daily life that I can't learn form books and lessons.
I'm looking forward to the vacation coming soon.
Looking the cherry blossom in the Lvshun and sun-shining on the beach is my favorite things.
But plan is slower than the change.
However, I gained happy generally.
In my holiday, my brother reached Dalian.
I brought him to the Xinghai ground where we could see the sea and sunshine in the sun.
Of course, we also played in the water.
Although the water was special cold, we also enjoyed it together.
What's more, the food is extraordinary delicious here.
But it was expensive,it made me from rich man into poor man.
So I was worried about my meal this month.
I hope my brother was happier from Dalian.
If he comes here again, I will bring him to the Discovery kingdom.
This is my holiday.
But I am apprehensive of the vacation coming over, I should study for the CET4.
I expect to the next holiday.
Chengdu is the city I like the most in all the city I have ever been to in China.It is known as the heart of the West in our country.Mild climate,four seasons,abundant rainfall this all together make the city a very suitable place for human living.As a cultural city with more than 2000 years of history, this city has many attractions,more than 216, such as cottage of Dufu,Wuhou Temple, the Wangjiang building this are known in China and abroad.Wuhou Tample is famous for Zhuge Liang and Liu Bei.That is the only tample for both of them,is the National Museum of the remains of Sanguo with the greatest impact.It was established in ad 223, mainly by Hui Ling, Han Zhao Lie Tample and Wuhou Tample of three major parts.Around it are many ancient trees,elegant environment.
Chengdu is home of drama.As early as the Tang dynasty it had been considered that Sichuan Opera is best all over the world.When Qianlong is the emperor of the Qing dynasty,Sichuan Opera was developing based on local opera and forming it's own character.Sichuan Opera's words are lively,humorous, full of vivid color.Such as .Sichuan Opera also has many amazing skills, such as face off,spraying fire, Tibetan knives.
"Sit Teahouse"is a special hobby of Chengdu,teahouses are all over every corner of this city.
Chengdu teahouse not only has a long history and numerous, but also has its own unique style.
No matter which seat you went to, you will see bamboo chair, small table, three piece tea set, Tiger stove front mask, copper kettle, the waiters' Kong Fu of Paotang,none is not to impress you.
Chengdu teahouse in addition to relaxing,is also important in social networking sites.
People are gathered here.
Take it as a good place for friends gathering.
"The tea lovers" are sitting near the windows and listening to news.
Teahouse has became a mirror of social life.
If you are going to Chengdu in summer you may want to put a raincoat in you package for it has lots of rains in summer,just like the city welcome you with some rain showers.
After I finished my breakfast, I went to buy the flowers for my mum.
I sent them to my mum and I did the housework.
My mum was so happy because she could take a rest today.
She also likes the flowers I bought for her.
In the afternoon, I went to market to buy groceries.
I prepared the food for the big meal in the evening.
I cooked a delicious meal in the night.
I watched TV with my mum and went shopping with her.
She was happy for today.
I am happy because of my mum's happiness.
I love my mum forever.
There has been a serious epidemic of fake diplomas in some big cities recently.
Obviously, its appearance and development involve two parts: the demander and the supplier.
People who do not have the necessary diploma to get a desire job naturally thin of this short cut, especially when so many profit-driven people make fake diplomas so easily available.
Usually a certificate of Bachelor's Degree costs about 200 yuan, which is really cheap compared with the 4 years of hard work and the pretty big sum of fees involved in normal ways of getting the diploma.
The victims of fake diplomas are first of all employers, who pay high salaries but do not get real talents.
By and by, his business will suffer, and it takes time and money to fine another one who may or may not hold a real degree.
People who have genuine diplomas are also hurt greatly.
They have honestly spent 4 or even more years and great energy working hard in schools, but cannot get any advantage in job hunting.
Thus, actually this phenomenon may encourage people to cheat instead of acquiring a degree honestly.
To combat the epidemic, we should stop putting ever more emphasis on the academic achievement of job or promotion candidates.
Instead, practical ability and individual personality should be recognized as important factors of excellent job performance.
Besides, effective measures supported by advanced IT technology should be introduced and taken to help employers distinguish genuine diplomas from fake ones.
Once the demand disappears, the supply will be gone too.
Some people maybe will ask me" How to foster a dog?".
I will tell you.
When you have a dog.
First you should buy some food to it, but you should be careful.
Is your dog is very young or it is adult.
Second you should make a room or a house to it that different dog should care about different things.
Some dogs are very lively, so you need always accompany it.
And the last, you should give it some medicine.
because the little dogs are very easy to get some germs.
The dog is our friend, also we should protect them.
A common conception among Chinese teachers and students is that students should do written homework after returning home.It's believed that doing written homework functions as a kind of revising and helps to enhance the impression of new knowledge.Yet we also know that written homework is sometimes burden to students.Thus,how to comment on doing written homework?Let's talk about it below.
When it comes to homework,if you were an American student,you may tell us that you need to enjoy a piece of music or prepare a lecture to deliver in front of your class.However,if you were a Chinese student,you are very likely to tell us that you have to do written homework such as doing Maths exercises or writing an essay on a given topic.Yes,we get the point:What's your opinion upon the tradition of requiring students to do written homework?
Dear Henry,I'm glad to hear from you.I got to know that your favourite teacher is Mr.Green.I'd like to tell you something about my favourite teacher.
She is my chemistry teacher.During my first month at High School,I met many new teachers and students.But the teacher I like best is my chemistry teacher.She is not only strict,but also warm-hearted.I failed in the first exam.She encouraged me a lot,and helped me with my study as well.What's more,I love her teaching methods very much.Because of her help,I make great progress now.I think she is one of the most fantastic teacher I have ever met.I felt warm and aggressive with her.During the three years we will struggle together,we will get on well with each other.I love her so much.
Love is an abstract concept,which we can't see or touch but feel it.Love is so special and precious that anything else cannot compare with,It has a strong power that can changes the world.Whenever you get in a tight corner,there always some people helping you.
On May 12th in 2008, there was a big earthquake in wen chuang,many people dead and a lot of children lost their families, They become homeless.However ,When they are in despair,People from all over the word gave hands to these disaster victims,they raised money or donated their life commodities to them,and help them get through the difficulties.
In a word, our world is full of love,No matter how far we are,distant cannot stop us spreading our love to them.
If my foreign friend come to visit my campus.I am going to take her to loose purple mountain.Because it is a national level four scenic spot and the loose purple mountain from our school is very near.It is very beautiful scenery.In particular is very real people cs stimulus.I do not think he would like.
If my foreign friend come to visit my hometown.I am going to take him to take a look at the rice fields.Because i think it has the smell of nature.
If my foreign friend come to visit china.I am going to take him to the Forbidden city.Because it is our chinese culture of the hall.there are also old building have beautiful scenery.There are some value even the city of arts and crafts.
It is to be sure that changes are taking place and will take place in our life as a college student .It is to be sure that certain developmental changes will occur in our life as we move from adolescence to young adulthood.And it is certain that key changes will probably happen to us during our college years such as identity crisis and psychological separation.
When enter college,students will meet a variety of people.What ones should do not only involve our school work but also take care of practical and personal affairs.
To get along with contemporaries ,we should determine our daily agenda,choose our own wardrobes.Our father and mother don't help us any more.Anyway,I think it is a style of performance for functional independence.
When we at home ,parents could tell us what should do and what is suitable for us.We are all like birds grown in birdcage that cannot fly any more.Now peers interact with everyone ,we would enter in the work world,we would make money for daily food,we would share our experience with our schoolmates.Though,inevitably,we will feel frustrated but in a way we don't allow us to cry in public .This will be the emotional independence.
The more people and thing we handle,the more experiences and thoughts we receive.When we enter college we will find our world is expanding and new options are open for us.The campus which is full of magical,our college students' values and moral will be doubted by ourselves.It is important to know how people perceive ourselves.Confidence is one thing we lacked on our college days.So we endeavor to fill our brain with knowledge and try to be exposed to all kinds of people.
So I think college students go through identity crisis and psychological separation and they make our world expansion.
Nowadays, many children live happy life.
They have healthy parents, wealthy families and stable life.
They live without troubles, because their parents will solve all the problems for them.
In a result, children grow up, but they have no ability to confront the troubles and they do not know how to receive challenges.
A series of problems comes.
A question is put forward.
In my opinion, parents should have reservations.
There is an old English say that" Children is the gift from the God" so children are the treasures for parents.
Go without saying, parents should give children much love.
However, the love should be reserved.
Firstly, much love will let children become love ease and hate work.
This is really a bad habit.
Maybe it can affect their future.
Secondly, much love will lead children such an opinion these love come without efforts.
So they will not cherish and they will not realize they should return to parents.
The result is some children are spoiled, selfish and unkind and they treat their parents like ATMs.
Thirdly, parents also are tired.
If they focus all their attention on their children, they may be nervous many times.
They always think whether their children eat full, wear enough clothes and whether the way of peace.
They may telephone their children every now and then.
I think parents not only should give children money, protect and encourage, but also sometimes should be strict to them, let them know how to cherish the things around them and how to face the problems and solve them individual.
To be independent is good for the children, because no parents can accompany the children for the whole life.
It is the child himself who is responsible for her own fate.
Only an independent person can live and succeed in this world.
Children are the beams for our country.
Cultivating good children is not an easy thing.
Parents should grasp the discretion, not spoil children.
Now, I hope you have some idea of the Chinese Spring Festival.I would like to tell you something more about it.
The Spring Festival is a Chinese traditional festival,which is the most important and enjoyable one.
A few days before the festival, houses are cleaned and red couplets are put up to decorate the doors of every household.
They are said to frighten away the ghosts.
On that day, people are dressed up.
Firecrackers ring out in the air, which adds to the atmosphere of the festival.
Presents and dinners provides a channel through which we can celebrate the happy reunion of friends and relatives.We have traditional food called jiaozi and enjoy the New Year TV show.
Customs may vary from place to place, but the same happy atmosphere is to be found everywhere in the country.
Now, I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
The US has warned a" specific credible threat "ahead of the 10th anniversary o f the 9.11 assaults possibly in New York or Washington DC.
The 9.11 assaults were a series of coordinated suicide attacks by Bin Laden up on United States on 9.11 2001.Most Americans consider it is the worst day during their lifetime.Sme of them even did not realize what had happened before their death.
And now, here comes the news ,a "specific credible threat "ahead of the 10th anniversary of the 9.11 assaults.This maybe a bad news for most Americans.Even though the New York Mayor said the threat was uncorroborated and New York is safer now than it was 10 years ago.
None of us will ever forget this day,yet we go forward to defend freedom and all that is good and just in our world.
Undoubtedly,every individual,especially a young person,should have an ambition.
As far as I am concerned,whether our destiny can be successful or not,it determines what our ambition is.We do not choose to be born.We do not choose our parents.We do not choose the country of our birth...But we can select how we shall live.If you are in the poor family,you must try your best effort to garbing the professional skills or acquiring the major knowledge.Only in this way,can you get rid of poverty and enjoy a comfortable life in your future.
Furthermore,the famous American writer once said:"We decide what is important and what is trivial in life.
"Hardly can we find any great people we know ambition when they were young.An ambition is a vital importance to one's growth and success.On the other hand,an ambition is the target of one's life.Once you decide what your ambition is,you know where to go,and which way to take.Otherwise, you might be puzzled in many things in your life.On the other hand,an ambition is like the engine of the vehicles.Whatever your ambition is,careful plan and preparation are vital to its realization.
As a brief,there is no royal road to success,only those who do not dread the fatiguing climb of it's steep path can have a chance of gaining its luminous summits.
Last Thursday our English teacher played a movie for us.
This movie tell a story about a girl's college life.
The main character is Sydney White,a beautiful unusual girl.who has lost her mother's care because her mother is gone when she is young.Her father is a plumber,she grew up in the family of a building worker with her father and her father's friends.She looks different from other girls during her father's look after.
One day, she got a college notice,which college her mother stayed before that made her feel excited because she can hold the same memories with her mother.Her mother was a leader of kappa,A girls group.True girlship is disappeared in  this kappa group nowadays.A girl named Rachel controls the kappa now,her possessiveness, jealousy, and protectiveness are  little high.Fortunately or unfortunately Rachel's boyfriend has something with Sydney, so finally Sydney  got kicked out of the  kappa.
In one of the heavy rain weather, she was a lived seven boys took the dorm.
Fight against with Rachel's suppress make she became the top topic in college.With the help of the seven brothers she beat Rachel,Harvest her love.
Sydney revolution caused a sensation in the campus, the sister group will be on the system of reform, make it service for most of the students.
Rules once be changed, you will never change don't come back.
After shopping for the whole morning, you are starving and eagerly want to find some place to eat.
Of course, it is faster to eat at a McDonald because the food there is already cooked.
On the contrary, you must be patient to wait for Chinese delicate dishes.
Well, in order to keep the nutrition, steaming and stewing are quite often used in the Grandma's Home.
In contrast, the McDonald chooses frying as their main cooking method for pleasant taste.
Thirdly, in the Grandma's Home, you can try various materials such as feet, necks or even viscera of different animals.
And you may find a lot of spices, like ginger, along with the main material.
But the McDonald usually focuses on meat and pays less attention to spices.
These two restaurants have both advantages and risks.
Which to go all depends on your mood.
I find there are some students being on the hop.They don't like to listen to the English and they want to have more rest.I think it is bad for us.
As we know,it is important for us to listen to English.But some people don't know it.
Some reasons lead to it.First,they want to more time to do other things.For example,they can play game online together.They think it is funny.Secondly, sometimes they don't want to get up in the morning.Last they consider the things that they listen to are too difficult.
If the listening is easier,they can listen better.It can solve this problem to cut down time.I think it will be better and better.
Nowadays , with the development of modern society , we lose too many things , no matter they are important or not .
But there are also some things we can not afford to lose .
First of all , we can not afford to lose our time , because our time is limited .
Time can never stop its steps to wait you to do something you have not done .
As a saying says "A lazy youth , a lousy age ",time is precious , each one of us can not afford to lose it , so we must try our best to seize it .
Second , we can not afford to lose our youth , as time goes by , we become older and older , no one can keep his youth forever .Lifetime is divided into three parts , youth is the one , therefore , we should cherish our youth , we can not let our youth slip away from us .
We can not afford to lose the belief from others .
As we all know we all live in a "mutual society ",no one can live competely no your own and separate from members around you , so do not just go your way alone , try to cooperate with your partner and have sufficient faith in them .
If so you can take advantage of more than before .
This can rarely go wrong no matter in your study , your work and business .
So to speak , make your life long goal clear and have faith in others , you'll create a better future .
What we also cannot afford to lose is dream .
Dream is motivation which can motivate us to achieve our dream .
In a word , we should cherish what we can , we should do what we do .
Though our school canteen possesses so many advantages, such as cleaner of the canteen, delicious of the food, and the waiter is also with cleaner clothes, bright smile, the behavior is warming our hearts.
However, the disadvantages exist too.
For example, the price is too high of food, the food which lack kinds, and more important, the time is so long that classmates need 30 minutes to buy food.
So, I want to you can take strong measures to overcome those problems, and I hope the canteen can warm the food for students healthy, special in winter.
Ever since the USA joined the NAFTA and the WTO, it suffered great toll on employment and the trade deficits grew rapidly.
The creation of those trade unions hurt American's workers and industries, so the government should pause and review the trade policies.
Moreover, NAFTA and the WTO need some new agreements and rules to materialize the promised benefits to all members.
My name is Z and I ninth years old,About college,I think we want to much things.
The first,we need a new identity for this college.
The second,As a classmate,I need to care about my class and help somebody to solve the difficult,I need more and more friends and a girlfriend to enjoy my life.I want to go hiking with my class,for example D park, M park,they are good place.
My college will be happy and busy ,but I like it.
I must face some difficult.The first time in English what I forget some words and don't answer.
And study,I will talk with my English teacher,tide him through diffcult times.
College students have been a hot topic in modern society ,however,college students are lying in having a lot of problems .Part of the students are unhealthy habits .Such as :late sleep , excessive consumption, addicted to computer game and soon on.
As a result , they suffered mental and physical damage ,The grade is going down ,what's more ,this is disadvantage of a good national development.
In my opinion ,we have a good attitude to harding study, making up our minds to do it ,besides, The government and parents take measures to help children finish and care about they courses.
Not only do the nurses want a pay rise, they also want reduced hours.
Not only should China develop material civilization, she also should develop spiritual civilization.
Besides, you can receive a large sum of money.
Besides, you can gather work experience during internship.
Based on one of Jin Yong's novels, he wrote the excellent play.
Based on your present physical condition, you'd better give up this task.
With his work done, he prepared to return to his institute.
With all the compositions collected, the teacher sent the students home.
Once you have finished reading this novel, it's time to write a book report.
Once you have set the goal, it's time to go all out to put your action plan into practice.
There are groups of young people who looked like never want to go outside.
They are the main consumers of take-out.
They always stay in a small room with their computer, playing games, watching videos or chatting online.
Until they have to go outside, they prick up themselves unwillingly.
It's not unusual to find these guys can live without sunshine.
As high as the housing price getting grow, more and more young people choose to bent a narrow house for living.
Having no job to do, what they want to do is stay at home mudding along.
Actually, they are sadly.
They refuse the chances of going outside which means that they also lose the chances of touching society.
They don't want to challenge the difficulties they face, they would rather to wait for the wonder come to them in their house.
In this way , they will become more and more depend on the computer, keeping away from anything outside.
Personally, I hate this phenomenon.
I can't understand why they are so dispirited to their lives.
As a young people, young is our capital.
We must cherish it and make fulluse of it then we will have no regret in our future.
Now put your computer away and go outside to find the things you really need.
Comparing to other presses,our press is widely known for reliable quality and reasonable prices,rapid shipment of products.Presently,our press ranks 38th among the fortune 500 companies.In recent years,our logistics books leads the way in global sales.As important,we offers a 10% discount to the comprehensive universities in return for a speedy sale.The expiration date is 9/2014.At the same time,we have lots of humanized serice,such as home delivery service.In short,we guarantee that it will be the world's best serice for you.If interested,please contact us as soon as possible.
There are four good ways to help you in English.
First, I think you should write the words in your notebook and review them at home.
It will help you to remember the words.
Then, you could try to improve your English by reading some English books, or reading some English newspapers.
This is good for improving the speed of reading.
After that, you can learn English by listening to some English songs that you are interested in, or watching some interesting English movies.
This is good for creating an interest in what they learn.
Finally, the most important is to follow the teacher carefully in class.
This is the best way to learn.
If you don't study hard,even if the ways are the best,also trashy.
The drug problems should obtain much concern with the contemporary society, because the damage caused of the drugs has shocked both our eyes and heart.
Everyday even in every minute every second, the tragedies are staged because of the drugs.
The people from bottom to the top in the every country maybe addicted in that problem.
So we can see, the drug is fair to treat each individual whatever your status or income.
Analyzing the reasons of them, there is no doubt that would be some nearly reasons: I am under the big pressure, it's attractive to me, or I am deeply curious about that blah blah.
Some teenagers cannot get the adequate warms and kindness from the family or school.
So they always try to try "something new " or "something exciting even weird "to prove their value to against the family and society.
They want to declare their unsatisfactory feelings through the drugs or some bad things in the common's view, as a result, the drugs become their first option to show their attitudes and position.
But in other words, from my point of the view, the purpose of those behaviors is just for trying to capture the attention from their relatives who didn't care for them well.
They are also eager to own their own loves from others, however, perhaps there was something regular they finished(such as the school courses or relationship with others)cannot achieve their parents or teachers requirements.
The teachers and parents will appear their disappointments even the ignorance to those children.
Those poor throngs maybe thought they are given up, they are bad guys so they should do some bad things to proof what the teachers said.
At last the drugs become their friends rather than the classmates.
If you ask me whom I love most.
I'd like to tell you I love my mother.
Now let me tell you the reason why I love my mother.
My mother is such a person who has kind,forgving,caring and tender characters.
In my opinion, if a man is tender and caring he must be a good man.
When we get along with each other.
We can both feel comfortable.
Besides the man can be popular with people.
This is a lesson form my mother and she always educates me and she has a deep effect on me.
Mother often tells me about honesty.
She says honesty is a virtue and honest person will be respected by everybody.
All in all, everyone is different, everyone's love is also different.
But if you love somebody by heart and soul, you can be happy.
my mother loves me and I loves my mother .
independent.
But in other hand, I knew so little about college life that I was a bit nervous.
surprise, a sophomore of the college that I would attend got touch with me through the internet.
After her introduction, I was so glad to know that she was my schoolfellow of senior high school.
She was so kind to answer all my questions about college life.
the departments and students.
might be a little disappointed when they first got the letter of admission.
encouraged me to work hard in my college life.
was not the college, but ourselves.
time to Beijing.
I was stumbled at every step with several heavy bags.
lead me to our campus.
other senior apprentices who were also my schoolfellows of senior high school.
days, she still helped me be familiar with the campus.
our college and helped me choose according to my interest.
I started my college life on my own.
I am still grateful for her help.
What she did really helped me a lot.
adjusted to the life at college soon and became more independent.
We are pleased to inform you that our Order No.J-29 Sales Confirmation about the goods have been loaded "pearl" transport "may flower" in Hong Kong cargo shipment.
And it is according to the cost and freight price clinch a deal.
We have sent to you by fax on March 15 ,2013 so that you can insure timely.
As we all know,online shopping has now become a new style of shopping methods.more and more people participate in this fathion line.what the reasons results online shopping so popular are it is very convenient for every kind of person and it provides lots of things for us to select and buy.but every coin has two sides,there also has some bad factors that online shopping can results,for example,when we pay for the money,it often seems insecurity,and it is very easy be cheated by someone you can not find him forever .
in my opinion,online shopping will become a major shopping method in the future,despite it is very convennient,nowdays,computer become a necessare part of our lifes,we can buy the things we like only through clink the mouse,but also we can select things at a short time,it saves so much time for us.
English is a necessary part of chinese student's compulsory subject, but nowdays fewer and fewer students pay attention to their word-spelling.In this essay I will discuss the factors of this phenomenon and offer my own view on it.
There are several reasonss on this phenomenon.
First, There is few student need to writen English essay.
Secondly,most of student to learn English is to speak it and pass the examination.Finally, the most contributing factor is the wide use of e-dictionaries and computres, so students no longer need to correct the word by themselves.
To solve this problem, I think we need to attach great importance to word-spelling,and we should write English as much as they can .
To the teacher, the dictations should be reinforced in the class.
As we all know,part of the Internet becomes more and more important in society.Particularly in the education,each school is using multimedia.Students can learn to more knowledge from the Internet than classroom.
But,I don't think so.On the one hand,my points are that if students found question,teachers can not be resolved instantly.On the other hand,we can not guarantee the operation of the computer has been normal.However,many people opposed.Because the video or audio material can be played time and again.
No matter what, network education becoming a part of our learning is necessary.We should learn to adapt to,accept and use it.
It seems that if one wants to achieve success in a field, he or she should have some good qualities.
For instance, optimistic spirit has made Helen Keller a great woman writer and confidence has helped Obama win U.S. Presidential election.
While reflecting myself, I realize that if I want to be triumphant in the future, I need vital qualities.
They are confidence, actions, perseverance and love.
To begin with confidence, it is the foundation of success.
It is with confidence that I will multiply my value and competitiveness to welcome new challenges each day.
Confidence let me feel that anything is possible and makes me not afraid of obstacles on my way to success.
It also encourages me to have anther try in times of despair.
With confidence, I will walk unencumbered in the world and succeed.
Without it, my heart will become small and bitter, unwilling to change my miserable situation and finally I will fail.
Then, from this moment, I must have faith in myself and be confident.
I will be not afraid of losing face, instead, I will speak English proudly and loudly in front of other people.
I believe in myself that I can learn English well and do it as best as I can.
The second quality I need is deeds, not only words, for actions are the way to success.
Accurate as a map is, it can not carry its owner move an inch of ground.
Perfect as a plan is, it will make no sense if it is not carried out.
Action, alone, is the engine to launch a map and a plan work.
Only actions can fulfill tasks efficiently and lead me to success.
The third quality is perseverance.
It is the most important one I should admire and learn, in that always I scratch for excuses to stop moving forward, especially when obstacles and difficulties are seen on the road of success and are hard to pass.
In fact, success may hide secretly on the next turn of the road.
If I persist in overcoming the obstacles and difficulties, I will succeed soon.
If I give up, I will undoubtedly become a failure.
The last quality I must pay attention to is love.
Love has the unseen power to warm and melt people's heart.
Love my enemies and they will become friends; love my friends and they will become brothers.
And more importantly, I must love myself.
Love my body and don't let it indulge in unhealthy habits.
Love my mind and don't let it attract to despair and evil.
Those qualities I have mentioned above are the main factors that lead to success and are also my expectation to myself.
If I have faith and love and take action and persist in doing them, finally I can see the light of success.
Nowadays, people throw rubbish but they can not realize the important of waste sorting.
Therefore, as a citizen, we should pay more attention to our environment.
My point of view, rubbishes must be classified before people throws it .
In the first place, waste sorting can let sanitation workers know what rubbish is useful and useless, useful things can be recycled.
Furthmore, when the sanitation worker collcet rubbish, they can be hurt by some sharp thing like glasses.
Just because of this , we need take measures, which can prevent sanitation workers from sharping hurt , in addition, we can know what garbage is difficult to decompose and what is easily.
Thus, we are able to dump easily decomposable garbage , as to the difficult decomposable garbage , it aslo take other scientific steps.
In a word ,it protect the environment from pollution of rubbish.
Besides, waste sorting can improve citizen environment consciousness so that we spare no effect to do something for environment.
When people throw the rubbish out , they can classifying the rubbish they throw.
If so, not only can human will get benefit but also it can be conducive to our environment where we live.
To sum up, regardless of the environment or human beings, it is important that we take garbage classification.
I have a friend.
He is medium height and a bit fat.
He has short black hair and wears a pair of black glasses.
His nose is just the right size compared to the glasses.
He has a big mouth.
I think that's why he loves food so much.
For that reason he's good at eating too.
He is a very nice guy.
He is friendly and outgoing, but sometimes he is so crazy about food that he becomes impolite.
He likes food because of fatness, but he does badly in sports for the same reason.
We hope him to keep fit.
But it was too hard for him to eat less and do more exercise.
This film is from a person's daily life, which tells us a simple and plain truth that a kind-hearted person always receives good things.
There are some plots of light touch, some soothing music and little of preaching.
Men went out day by day, whether to water street withered leaves, or feed the stray dog.
Meanwhile he also subsidized self-help children who can't receive education, and helped the older with some bananas.
These good deeds did not change his life, let him richer, nor made him famous on television, but brought him other precious things that money can't buy--blooming flowers, closed puppy who can receive education finally and harmonious interpersonal relationship.
Love and friendship are all around him, accompany him to live through the ordinary but also splendid days every moment.
The subtitles "believe in doing good, good things will happen every day" that at the end of this movie, did not show that the actor gets such a good luck to win a lot of fame or fortune, but to live in a good life.
The angle of the small mining in this film not only let us believe the idea of "goodness" a bit better, but also let us believe in the little things that happened in our ordinary daily life.
My Chinese name is Yang Guiting , and my English name is Getin .
I am now studying in Guangdong Polytechic Institute , majoring in business English grade 2.
I come from guangzhou, the capital of guangdong Province .
I am a active, bright, friendly and humorous girl.
However, I am also a shy gire.
so , in order to build up a strong confidence, I have no choice but force myself to do something .
In my spare time, I have broad interest , like reading books, especially thouse about geopraphy .
In addition, I like traveling .
For the reason is that I can make lots of friends and it can broaden my vision, increase my knowledge and so on.
as we know, the relationship between teachers and students are complicated.It is said that ever coin has its two sides, teahers are someone who teacher you knowledge , and students are someone who lean something from teachers.
but still someone persist evaluate teachers.
In my eye, teachers and students must trust each other and respect matually.
as a result of we are the friends in daily life.
all in all.
we shoud cooperate with each other.
on the other hand ,we have the commom purpose that is how to study well and find a good job when you are in the job world.
as far as I am concend, the purpose of university eduation is not only to equip students with knowledge and professional skills but to cultivate qualified citizens to deal with various challenges witn full developed character and talent , thefore, as colledge student ,we should valute the learning opportunity to perfect ourselves for the future cometition.
All in all,we must trust teacher and cooperate with teacher, not to evaluate teacher ,because they are great.
Nowadays,more and more students become lazier ,so they don't attend evening study sessions.
When you go to classroom in the evening ,you will see few students on the classroom.
Why don't they go to the classrooms?As far as i know ,students spend much time on games and movies .They want to enjoy the happiness of games and movies,so they don't like doing homework in the evening.
There are some solutionsto the problem.I think that schools should take some measures to stop it.Schools ought to check che number of students strictly every evening.Assistants should often go to classrooms.
As students,we must have serious attitude on evening study sessions.We should spend much time on study and review our books in the classrooms on the evening.
Only in these ways,we can have happy and meaningful campus life.
I'm afraid I can't agree with it.I know some countries and regions have already abolished the death penalty.And some others are trying to stop this punishment in law step by step.And They believe that is a sign of civilization and shows their caring and consideration for people's lives.But is the abortion of the death penalty a better way to civilize the society?
First,I have to make it clear that my support in the death penalty doesn't mean we could execute a criminal rashly.And of course,I know death penalty means sending people to the sword and it is very cruel.But for now,we still can't make better way to take place of the death penalty to stop the grievous crimes.And the one single ,irrevocable purpose is to protect our society and keep it safe.Currently, we have to admit that our society is not so civilized that can be ruled only by people's moral standards.And I'm afraid that if a convicted murderer only need to live in a cell with free meals supplied, the law would not be powerful any more.And why should our tax payer pay for those criminals while they do harm to the society.
Death penalty is not only a punishment to a person,but also a warning and a heart-saving to the public.They would retain themselves,and the innocent civilian will have more security if only they know the law is fair and strict.We all know that the best way to stop crimes is education.But it takes long time.And before our society become civilized enough, death penalty as the extremely serious law is still an acceptable punishment.Though it started from a very antique time and lasted for so many years but as it's still very useful in nowadays and we can't judge it as a step back.
Everyone has their own best friend.
Let me tell you my best friend.
He named Tony.
He is age the same as me.
Although he isn't tall, very smart he is.
He has many hobbies,such as playing football, music,use internet, and so on.
He is nice who is hard working and always modest for me boy.
He used to be patient to help me learn English.
At school, he is very welcome.
And all of us are like him.
Hope you are having one friend like him.
I am glad to receive your letter.Now I will tell you something about our club activities.
Our activities are always held in every Friday afternoon at half past three and end at five o' clock.We have so many great ciubs that you may feel difficult to choose one which you like from them.We have science club,drama club,sports club,music gloup,English corner and etc.Now I think you really want to join us,all of our clubs are free to choose.So think over which club you like the best.
Our clubs will bring you happiness and make your life interesting,If you miss the chance to jion us,you will be repentant.
l havev many healthy lifestyles,but I have many unhealthy lifestyles .
Like what : I have a healthy eating tyle.
I always eat vegetable and I always eat friut .
Because I like eating vegetable , friut very much.
But I eat junk food two or three times a week .
But I look very healthy.
I have a healthy lifestyle.
I do exercises every day.
I always go for a walk after dinner.
Then, I sleeply eight hours every night.
So I look very healthy.
Summer holiday is the longest holiday in a year.I climbed many mountains during the summer.One of the best experience was climbing the Great Wall.The Great Wall was bulit many years ago.Our ancestors built it to defended the enemies.Many young people died because of building it.we often say that the man who didn't climbed the mountain isn't a hero.So it is very tiring for me to climb the Great Wall.The day was very hot when I arrived at there.I was so tired that I felt I couldn't take a breath when I climbed it.But I persisted in it.Finally,I reached the top of mountain.I was glad that the sightseeing in the mountain is so beautiful.I saw the trees,flowers,birds and so on.There are even a river on the mountain.I took many photos.I learned that we should try our best to do everything.Nothing is impossible.We all can do it.
Nowadays,after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I actively take part in many after-school activities.For example,I join the dance club of our school.I dance with other dancers here.We can also exchange experience and learn more from others.It helps me a lot.I do some sports after school,too.I'm interested in play volleyball recently.I'm not very good at it but it make me relaxed.What's more,I sometimes watch some English plays and films.In my opinion,watching English movies can help us learn English get some knowledge.
If you want to take part in some after-school activities,choosing a school club you like and watching movies are some good choice.
The graph shows the UK House Prices in pounds sterling per thousand from 1975 with forecasts to 2020.
Overall UK House Prices increased a lot from 1975 to 2010, with the most dramatic increase in the four years from 2005 to 2009.
And the price drops from 2010 to 2020 and is predicted to continue into the future.
Price starts at 110 pounds sterling a thousand during 1975 then rises slightly to approximately 10 pounds sterling during 1990.
The price of UK House drops for 5 years, to the lowest point of about 110 pounds sterling during 1995.
After that, there is a stable price rising, reaching about 125 pound sterlings per thousand in 2005.
The biggest increase in price is during the period of 2005 to 2010.
This is followed by the sudden drop to 180 in 2020 and it is forecast that this drop will continue into the future and price will fall in the next year.
As an increasing number of teenagers are addicted to smoking,It is obvious that we should pay more attention to this problem.
As a teenager of the new century,we should know the fact that the cigarette has the bad effect on our body,such as it can cause high-blood disease and the heart-attrack,what's more,it can kill ourselv-es.But why are there so many teenagers are crazy about the cigarette?Maybe because of the curiosit-y .When others are smoking,it is likely that we wonder what his feeling is.Of course,the second reason is the effect of the advertisement,more and more teenagers are absorbed in its effect.Besides,the ciga-rette maybe help us relieve some psychological problem and it can give us a short-term pressure.
However,whatever the reason is.We should take our future into consideration.Let's create a better future .
Books are the ladder of human progress.
I think reading books is an important thing in our life.
First,reading books can increase our knowledge and improve our writing,we can better understand the world.
Second,reading books make our clam.When you have a bad mood,reading books make you forget those unhappy things.
Finally,reading books make our have a good accomplishment.
In a word,reading books,you can know more and more.
Last week,I got the pocket money from my dad because I won the first prize in the piano contest.So I decided to take the money to buy chocolate.
Passing by the park,I saw a beggar sitting on the grass.
The beggar was an old woman with old clothes.
She pleaded with me to give her some money.
Without hesitation, I gave her all my pocket money out of compassion.
Afterward, I told the story to my dad;he praised me and said that he was proud of me.
Thus, he gave more money to me owing to my good behavior.
I was happy to help others in need,and I will do it constantly.
Men's desire is endless, and there are few people realizing clearly what they want.
So, more and more people join the league of getting the fortune blindly, only to gratify their vanity.
Now, maybe it's time to transform your conceptions.
If you sort out your stuff one day, you will see there are an army of useless things occupying your cramped space, which may be bought accidentally.
And since entering your house, they are left unused, at the same time, you gradually feel your space is narrow, which cause the desire for a bigger house.
Then, you will know happiness is the most essential in your lifetime.
I would like to say only by reducing our useless and numerous stuff can we live more simple and happy.
Less stuff, more happiness.
Maybe, what you achieve not only saves up much money for you, but also helps you glimpse something of what life ought to be about.
I am Li Hua.I had a good time in your home when I study as a changing student in an American school.And I remeber that you take me around America.I feel thankful about your help during I studying in America.
But I find my English dictionary is forgot bringing.I wish you can sed it to my home.Because it is that my teacher send as leaving present.Most importantly,I think it is very precious.The dictionary should be on the bookshelf in bedroom.And I will pay for postage.
I am looking forward to your reply.
I feel it is a honour for me to make this speech.
My topic is about a piece of news which a girl who will go to the university obliges her mother to purchase a trio of Apple products.
On the part of the girl, as a student, she should focus on the study not how much expensive equipment she has.
What's more, she gains from parents who take care of her heart and soul so much that it is essential to extend thanks to them.
On the other hand,there is no denying the mother has spoiled her daughter for many years although the family is not rich.
If parents take the responsibilty of educating children, teenagers will not get into the bad habit.
I hold the view that the more life difficulties children meet with, the more economical they will become.
However, social put more emphasis on children's marks,which will be proved awful wrong.
How important it is to cure spoiled children of being luxurious as well as lead them to become an independent grow-up.
Thank you for today's speech.
Nowadays,we know the nature resource is dying.So ti si very crucial to create a conservation-oriented campus.
Why should we do this ,because we know the nature resource is wasted everywhere and the nature will not have much resource.
And in our campus the phenomenon of waste resource is very common.
There are many lights in the side of road.Some of them need not to use.And we waste much water to wash our clothes.
Besides, some students forget turn off the lights sometimes.
To create a conservation-oriented campus, we should suggest the leader of our school that we don't need mang lights in our campus.So,we could save the electric energy.On the other hand we should save our water wherever.Finally,our government should take measures to create conservation-oriented society.
To compare and contrast the To kill A Mockingbird film vs the book.The book is better,but watching the movie also enjoying.There were three differences that stood out,the absence of characters,the differences scenes,and an actor to characters comparison.The book to the movie there is a clear difference but the morals are all still the same.The directors made some good changes and some bad ones the movie was good over all any ways.
In my opinion, everyone should do the catcher in the rye ,rathe than a wheat field regulator.
own or do we,the whole world for his neglect.His parents only konw just his miserable test scores.They never asked:"What do you like?
His teachers that they're not taught him when he is in the face of setbacks do just keen on his mind mathernatical formulas,poetry...So Holden, like most of children, can't do anything except they can paper.
I think every child in the eyes of an adult's meaning is more the children miles on the face and hand and hand with joy.We protect the children's innocence and children will take us back the sunshine in our hearts.
As we can see in the public service advertising, the man is not affluent but still helps others and stray dog to the best of his ability.
Luckily, he isn't too worried about his help being appreciated.
At the very start, people around him don't support him and in their sights I can see the meaning of despair.
However, what the man chooses is only to continue and continue.
Maybe, he gets nothing for repayment but he sticks to his thoughts.
At the last of this advertising, we see what he gets indeed.
First, the dog makes friends with him taking his happiness and keeps him company.
Second, the lovely girl wears pure smiles and clean school uniform.
