In the game more to protect your body well don't fight or hurt yourself.
The athletes should put game on the second place with a good body can you get better achievement in competition.
In a word, the players should put his body in the first place, not to pursuit of honour and make his body hurt.
The Olympic Games will be held in our country in four year's time.
So the goverment will be building new buildings in capital.
The new buildings have been designed by designed by Kurt Gunter , and workers will have completed the new stadium by the end of next year.
The Olympic Games is the first time held by our country,and we are very excited and are looking forward to the Olympic Games.
Both my brother and me are going to the Olympic Games.
We bought tickets a long time ago and shall be leaving soon.
Not only we shall see the Games,but shall vist many parts of the country as well.
Only one thing I would like to do first is that I would purchase a business if I have enough money.
There are some reasons to support me to do.
Firstly, if I work hard for my business, it will produce a range of the other business.
And then, I will get more money than before.
At this moment, maybe I am a millionaire.
I can buy a lot of houses for my family.
The most important thing is that I can keep value by my houses.
In my opinion, this is doing a big business.
What is more, I will build up a charity organization to help some homeless people.
To donate some houses of mine is my organization first things to do.
Every time when I walked at street, I saw some poor people slept on street.
At that time, I always wonder if I have money, I am willing to help them.
That is why I prefer to do.
Last but not least, I would set up a reborn resource company to save our environment.
My hometown is Chengdu.
Our future is depending on us.
I should think about my life in the future.
I want to be a doctor in the future.
Because I can help many unabled.My parents will be proud of this.
People's death is depending on me.
I want to buy a house in Chengdu, because it's convenient.
I can watch many beautiful views.
I will find a boyfriend who lives in Chengdu, and his parents are along with.
And now, I'm a senior high school's student.
Nevertheless my grade is very bad.
I hope I can become work hard in the future, and it's very helpful for me.
When I was 24, I must be alone.
I think this situation occurs for two reasons: First, students are not interested in the course of the English, so spelling is not seriously; Second, the word remember is not solid, and after school with little practice, the wordnon-standard pronunciation, word spelling errors.
Hong Kong's Legislative Council moved closer on Wednesday to a vote on the city's electoral reform plan.
Lawmakers on bothe side of the political divide stood firm on their position during the first day of the reform motion reading.
The Hong Kong government move a motion to overhaul the method to select the city's next chief executive, prescribed in an annex of the Basic Law.
The motion was moved 20 months after the creation of a special task force to run the electoral reform process.
More than 3 million registered voters in the city will able to elect the next chief executive by "one person, one vote" next year if more than 46 lawmakers out of the total of 70 vote for the motion.
But 27 opposition members and Leung Kalau, an independent lawmaker representing doctors, vowed earlier to veto the proposal.
Senior local officials made a last-minute pitch in the council chamber on Wednesday before the deliberations began, with Chief Secretary Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor stressing that the electoral overhaul plan is the best possible option.
A child of a family has no brothers or sisters are called Only child.
One-child policy has been implemented in China for many years and a lot of children born after 80's are only child.
As we all know ,everything has two cions.
There are some adventures and disadventures of Only child family.
Now, late marriages and late childbearing has been came to our life.
And most family has one child, because they think if they only have one child, they will have more time to earn money and then they will try their best to protect their children, and give their children the best education.
But there also are some negative views about the one-child family.
They think it is better to have big family, and they can help each other if they meet some difficulties.
Some young children needs to be with their brothers and sisters.
They must want to share their happiness and sadness but not with parents.
They want to keep screts just like we were young.Of course they have classmates,but it's not the same as brothers and sisters.
As far as I am concerned, one-child family's child feel more stress.
When they grow up they should make more money, because it's their duty to take care of parents.
Boys also feel more stress than girls, they need to take care of their wives and their children.
So I think everyone needs brothers and sisters but only one is enough.
As we all know, there is a saying "Books are instrumental in stepping up human civilization".
Since the saying is considered right by people, we badly need reading more to advance ourselves.
Thus, in my point, it is necessary to read as much as we can, rather than read a book until it is borrowed.
On the one hand, as students in 21th century, we are supposed to keep pace with the advancement of society, so we badly need read anytime and anywhere.
And the number of books borrowed from other ones or library is limited.
More books should be read as possible, and you had better buy some or read at libraries.
On the other hand, books borrowed from libraries or other people should be well kept.In this case, you could not take some notes on the books, which is not beneficial to your reading the same books later.
And books borrowed from libraries are bound to be returned soon, so you may read them hastily without fully appreciating them.
All in all, reading should be done as much as we can.Since it is a long way to accumulate our knowledge,we had better make reading a habit in our life.
Only when we take books as our companies, could reading gradually be happiness.
In today's condition , the society needs a more thoughtful generation to support .But , the condition of 90's isn't very well.Of course they face a more compitytive society.But it also can causes a more lightful future.The other peopels' opnion also cause us fell upset .the people who think 90's lack the coolporation and also easy to give up what they real wanted And what's more are self centred.But I should say we also have a advantage that is willing to have adventure.so please everyone please clap you hand for this .The idea of me is we just have a little problem that we are too comfortable to understand the difficuit we need to confront .thank for listen.
Ioften imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I think Iwill have a very happiness life afer 10 years.
on a magnificent villa with me.
I will make them happiness every day.
my job is an experience teacher.
I prefer it above all others.
to students.
I always feel happiness ahd proud.
the teacher is a great job, they give people tools.
SO,more and more people can use tools to creat more bright life.
And then,thay can live more confortable.
Very hard though the work is, the hobby is essential.I like play badminton.
I will play it once I have free time.
with the increasing use of cell phone, spam message has become a heated problem.
according to a survey, on average,people receive about 40 pieces of spam message per month.
spam message can disturb, confuse, or even threaten people at any time.
generally, there are two main reasons for the spam message.
on one hand, due to the fact that text message is a comparatively cheap channel, man companies take advantage of it to advertise their products or services.
whether people are willing to receive the message is neglected.
on the other hand, those holding lots of information on cell phone users sell the information and make money out of it.
to solve the problem of spam message, people should make joint efforts.
the government should set up laws to severely punish the illegal advertisers and those who disclose information.
cell phone researchers and developers should upgrade the products and enable them to delete the spam automatically.
should people act together, they will be free from the spam message.
Good morning everybody.My name is B.It's my great honour to stand here to give you a short speech.And the topic is about the dream.
I have a dream that one day every vally shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together.It's the great dream of Martin Luther King.
I'm sure everyone has a dream of his own.When I was a child,I wanted to be a policewoman.As the time goes by,I had considered becoming a doctor.But now I'm just a postgraduate student learning nothing about my childhood dream.The changing world seems to tell me that people gradually get their dreams lost somehow in the process of growing up, and sometimes I personally find myself saying goodbye unconsciously to those distant childhood dreams.Without dream,we will fall aimless and depressed.However, we meed dreams.
They nourish our spirit; they represent possibility even when we are dragged down by reality.I think the successful people are just the ordinary people who are not afraid to think big and dare to be great.When we were little kids, we all dreamed of doing something big and significant.And what should we do now?Well, just start with concrete objectives and stick to it.
Don't let the nameless fear confuse the eye and confound our strong belief of the future.Through our talents,through our endurance and through our creativity, we will make it.
My dear friends,think of your old and maybe dead dreams.I think the dream is not only the career you want to be,but also the life you want to enjoy.Whatever it is,pick it up and make it alive from today.
More and more people is used to online shopping now.
online shopping have already become a fashion.
young man have online shopping experience.
The online shopping is very popular.
Even though online shopping has a many of goods, it has some worried problem.
Such as people usually careless, they often haven't paitent to protect theirs ID .
So theres personal information were stealled by hark easily.
Now the online bank have familiar proplems.
People's money often were treated.
The protect is too bad obviously.
There are many argument in my class.
Different people may have different opinion.
Sometime my poinion is different with major of my classmates.
question I always continue my opinion.
I want to do it in this way because there must have my own reason.
Once, we held a small party of classmates.
We talked about how should we get to the park.
Most of my classmates thought we should go there by taxi but I thought we should go there by subway.
Because that day is Saterday.
A number of people will go out to do something by car like shopping or go hiking.
There must have heavy traffic, and we will spend too much time on the road.
SO we should take subway.
Finally, they chose to take subway.
Recently,X city do a research about the attitude of Talent Show.
In this picture, it is about 60% of citizen think that Talent Show has more advantages, while 40% think it has more disadvantages.
Different people have different ideas, some citizen said Talent Show is very interesting and making them feel relax, especially, they have a very tired work.
Meanwhile, Talent Show also can improve our economy, makes our entertainment cause become better and better.
However, some citizens said Talent Show is making no sense, it can't tell us anything which is useful in our daily life.
At the same time, Talent Show always don't say the truth, and it wastes our time.
When it comes to me, I think Talent Show has more advantages.
As an Talent Show addict, I really love watching Talent Show, because it makes me feel comfortable and relax, and make my free time have more fun.
One's success is the outcome of factors as diverse as the external ones including the environment, human resources and fortune as well as the internal ones like personal qualities, philosophy, and experience.
The most defining elements in success, to the majority, are the environment and personal qualities.
Dating back to the Chinese time-honored history, Mencius' mother moved her home three times to better her son's education environment.
In the occidental modern cultures, Thomas Alva Edison, the productive inventor, and Helen Keller, the great blind literator, achieved reputation dependant on their perseverance and endurance.
So far as I am concerned, personal qualities play a more important role in one's success compared with the environment.
Numerous cases including many a rags-to-riches story prove that one can achieve his ambition being diligent, upright, and persistent even encountered with unfavorable conditions.
Personally speaking, I have already possessed several qualities that I need to succeed.
Diligence enables me to read, write, and practice to accumulate knowledge as much as possible.
Perseverance empowers me to work unremittingly even in the face of twists and turns.
Self-discipline capacitates me to focus on my goals without being disturbed by various distractions.
However, I still need to cultivate another quality to fuel my success.
In the past April, I failed in an important national interpretation contest.
It was an opportunity that I had been dreaming of since my freshman year.
I had been well prepared by practicing memorization, note-taking, and bilingual interpreting and receiving instructions from several experienced teachers in my department.
But, I failed.
After the competition, I came to recognize that I was burdened with self-imposed pressure as I had been looking forward to this opportunity, and I was end-oriented as I wanted to set a good example as our team's two former contestants.
It turned out that the failure is not due to incompetence or lack of training, but a good state of mind.
A good state of mind can enable me to get well prepared for challenges, fulfill my tasks without comparing to others, and have fun in the pursuit of dreams without putting the cart before the horse.
To draw a conclusion, personal qualities play a decisive role in achieving success, and I need to cultivate a good state of mind to meet any challenge and achieve my dreams with personal qualities possessed and unpossessed combined.
In recent years, there is a kind of new web diary emerged------that is blog.
An increasing number of people have registered blog of themselves.
The blog becomes a part of the media network.
Since the blog has risen, a lot of people use it as their network diary.
At the beginning, they just write some things happened in daily life, which others on the internet can see them and, maybe, show the bloggers their experiences and put forward some suggestions.
And then, gradually, people like to demonstrate the talents of some aspects to make more people foreknow and appreciate them.
It is clear to see that blog is an excellent way to make a variety of friends.
So there is no doubt that blog can be so popular with so many advantages.
Blog is convenient and useful, but on the other hand, everything has its pros and cons, and this applies equally to the blog.
At present, since too many people use the blog, and at the same time, the management system is imperfect, it leads to the content of blog clutter, which maybe fills with advertising, pornography, viruses, and others.
Besides, there are some people who like to reproduce in the other person's blog, which may be violation of the rights of others.
So in summary, although there are lots of benefits in blog, we should still use it correctly and wisely and make it a good tool instead of addicting to it.
In today's society, everyone is eager for success.As the subject said there is no strong will not successful.
-ieve success.However, very few people to be truly successful, everyone often do not stick to the last, and perhaps successful only from him as long as one step away.
In history, with strong will often be successful.Gou Revival, for example, only to recover the more the country, Edison has a one percent talent, have to pay 99 percent perspiration to inventing the light bulb.As a contemporary college students, we also must have a strong will, and in learning, we must be pragmatic learning, exploration efforts, and strive to learn more knowledge earlier fit into society.
In short, we must believe that will not be successful without a strong will.
My favorite place is the reading room at the school.It is a good place for students to stay.Because the reading room is for the most part very quiet and it has bunch different bible and magazines for students to read.
The books in the reading room have word from different aspects,such as the books about histories,arts,geographies,literatures and even math,physics,chemistry,PE and so on.I read word and magazines there because they not only provide me with much knowledge but also help me learn about what is happening around the world.Sometimes I even feel I can talk with the people in the book.
I can also relax myself in the peaceful environment there.When I feel tired and unhappy,the reading room is the best place to go to,reading helps me forget the annoyance.
For me,the reading room is my favorite place at the school.I love studying room very much!
In my middle school life, there are many teachers and classmates.
I can't forget them.
But a math teacher impressed me most.
The math teacher was an old and gracious woman, but she was also mad because of the wrong things we did.
One day, a student played his phone in class, Mrs. Jia was angry with him at first, but then she calmed down and began to tell us a story.
When the story was over, everyone was moved.
We knew the importance of time and how to make our lives meaningful.
Although this class we didn't have any math knowledge, we learned something special.
I thought everyone would remember it and thank for her.
In my opinion, students should respect their teachers.
Our teachers give us knowledge and teach us how to be a useful person.
We should understand them and never forget them.
They will always be our teachers in our lives.
I think the love is like air, the survival of our existence.
Is the spiritual pillar.
Love makes our life more color, makes our life has infinite possibility.Love let us understand: we are not a person, we are partners.
In our daily life, there are many things about love.March 3rd is my birthday, because it was so busy and forget the special day.
As usual, I opened my bedroom door,Just walking in, suddenly saw her sister with a birthday cake came.
Birthday song make me feel very happy.
Far away from home, the first time feel the deep love.
Therefore, the love is like air, Let us feel from more happiness.They let me feel warmth like family.
These things make me become more gentle.
I would like to treat the family friends, let them feel the love.With the warm embrace more people.
Once More To The Lake By E.B.
E.B.
White, the author of this article, was a famous American writer who was born in 1899 and graduated from Cornell University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1921.
He was accomplished in essay with the style of his own.
He was full of love to the world and designedly turned out some works for the kids such as Charlotte's Web and Stuart Little, that were well known between adult and children.
Write replied and said: no, that is a life of imagination, however, imagination is one part of our life.
The article is sweet, happy and nostalgic.
The story began in the 40s of last century, when the author took his son along to the lake where his father brought him to go for vacation every August during his childhood.
It was a place that haunted his dream frequently.
He was so crazy that became a salt-water man later.
In the period, they have gone fishing for one week and revisited old haunts.
Everything went amazingly and that was almost the reproduction of those days.
Many things reminded him of many past memories, in an early morning he woke up first and started in the canoe along the shore of the river, the views around were flesh and very nice, everything was immersed in tranquility and was just purely peaceful instead of desolation.
The first day he went fishing with his son, he thought about those old time again when a dragonfly alighted on his rod, he even couldn't figure out who he was at that moment, the situation was extremely familiar so that he was still immersed in the role of the son.
After that they swam in the lake, felt the tranquility of the fantastic water.
Many things there seem never change as time goes by.
Inevitably, something new appeared, outboard motors made offensive sounds brought him back to the earth, broke the illusion and set the years moving.
Finally a thunderstorm came up, although he was familiar with such a big scene, it was still very wonderful.
When they arrived to the lake, seeing the views became from nice to thunder and water occasionally, Many scenes that author has trouble to make out which was him, many times the role of him was reversal, many scenes always could awake his sweet memory, as if he was living in the coexistence of two world, one was being real a father, another was being the son who still stayed those old days, lost himself in the happiness of the past time.
The author must like the lake very much, and everything about it, because it means amounts of unforgettable sweet and happy memories, and he must love his father and his son deeply, the lake and everything about it were the memories together of them.
From beginning to end, the story will make you feel sweet, happy, pleasant and comfortable, Besides, it's filled with strong feeling of warm love between father and son.
Though it is a touching piece, one could easily consider it "ruined" by the ending.
The entire essay describes White and his son having adventures at a lakeside cabin as White reminisces about his time as a boy by that very lake.
While the essay is beautifully written and extremely eloquent, the final paragraph seems rushed and has a very sudden change in tone and diction which the essay would be far better without.
The ending also leaves expectant readers with no climax or resolution, but rather with disappointment.
The final paragraph of "Once More to the Lake" destroyed a piece of what would otherwise be art.
White's reasoning behind ending "Once More to the Lake" the way that he did is fair.
One can assume that he was trying to say that, like the lake around him, the relationship between father and son had hardly changed, save the fact that he was no longer the son.
Perhaps this is true, and he didn't honestly feel any change during his trip, any epiphany of fatherhood.
However, there is no excuse for the sudden change of tone at the end.
The essay went from wonderful descriptions of nature to a final paragraph that could almost be considered crass.
The freedom to write whatever you want can inspire writers, and has, into creating the most wonderful works one can imagine.
It does not, however, excuse writers from making poor choices in their writings.
The sudden change of diction and tone and the unexpected ending make the closing paragraph of "Once More to the Lake" by E.B.
White a conclusion that should not be repeated.
I am giad to haer that you get on very well with your maths teacher,Mr Green.Now I wound like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
She teach us machs,too.she had first impression on me deeply.she isstrict with us.she often asks us to mark our mistakes with red pens.she checks our note books once a week.And she often appreciate my classmates who do well in our tasks .when I asks her probiems,she is always patient with me.she teaches me time by time until I really understand them.once in a while,she tell jokes to make us laugh .
what is more,I am fond of her attitude to teaching styie.she is really kind and serious.
I think I will make great progress with her.
Nowadays, how to reach the success has become a heated topic.
We desire to achieve success.
And all of us recognize success is not easy.
Different people have different views.
Some of them considered that the way to success relies on luck, while the others argued it's hard work helps them succeed.
As far as I'm concerned, in order to achieve success we should build ourselves confidence which is essential and work hard.
There are some secrets about how to the achievers made their dreams come true.
If you are not satisfied with where you are, don't give up and lose your heart.
Please set up a goal,which is like a boat finding out the right direction.
And decide what you want and write it down specificity.
It can guide you to the right place.
And we need a good education because a good education can support you to acknowledge the essential skill of the subjects.
It is said that a good education is a good beginning.
Next,If we have any chances,we should catch them immediately.
There is no doubt that successful people grasp the chance in the proper time.
And the alternative won't appear again if you missed them.
Then,when we have alternative and good education, but we didn't tend to work hard or study hard.
We can't achieve success either.
So we should realize the importance of diligent.
In conclusion, there is no easier way can we find to success.
Just need your interest,hardworking,chance and success will come to you.
I remember one proverb:Where there is a will,there is a way.
The development of tourism can promote the development of the local ecomomy.
With the rapid development of tourism, more and more cities have benefited from this.
On the one hand, the tourism itself could expand quickly, and on the other hand, it will create more chances to make profits for the city.
For example, tourism could accordingly bring along the service trades, not only the profits but also its quality will be improved.
On the contrary, with time going on, some serious issues has emerged.
With the number of tourists growing, place of historic interest is being damaged on a large scale.
For the reason that the government has neglected the conservation of these relics when they make use of them to earn money.
Besides, the cultural quality of the tourists is another vital element.
As far as I'm concerned, I consider that the government is supposed to combine the development of tourism and the preservation of the relics.
Not only should they attach importance to the development but also should regard the protection as a significant part.
Meanwhile, the cultural quality of the tourists is another crucial aspect that should be taken into account seriously.
Only in this whay could the place develop completely and thoroughly.
Nowadays,more and more students are lack of confidence on campus.It seems that it's a small problem,actually,it's dangerous.The solutions are as follows.
Firstly,the studing shows that we can be in good emotions through physicial exercise regularly,so taking exercises can help improve our self-confidence.Secondly,we should take part in all kinds of activities actively,because activities can enrich our life.Thirdly,we shouid develop an optimistic attitude to life.
Life consists of not only sunshine but also hard time,we should be brave in front of difficulties.
I believe that if all of us make a small change,our confidence will make a big difference.
The computer is a wonderful machine,and it plays an essential role in our life.However,many scientists do not think the computer will replace human beings completely,because the computer carry some problems for us.
On the one hand,some people use the computer to make computer crimes,and make people work unusually.Then,they also use the computer spread bad information.
On the other hand,it is bad for your eyes to use the computer long time.And it is not good for our health,particularly pregnant women.
Finally,it is our duty reduce the computer problems.I can appeal to people to the correct use of the computer.
One day 3 years ago will live in my mind forever.
Every thing went wrong in the morning in examining week.
I wake up on my own instead of waking up by my clock.
When I got to school, I have been late for half an hour.
My teacher shouted to me angrily and pushed me into the classroom when she saw me.
I tried to finish it in a hurry but the time was not enough at all and I had to bear my stomachache because I was really hungry.
So finally, I handed in the test paper which had so much blank.
After school was over, I went home with hunger and tiredness.
I hoped I can have a meal immediately but there was a note on the refrigerator door.
I have been tired to weep.
I'm16 years old.I'm a student.This is my school day.I get up at half past five and have breakfast on the way to school.I go to school by bus.In the morning.I have four lesson.But among them i have rest time.In the afternoon.
I usually play basketball with the student higher then me.I go home at half past five.Almost of them go back home.But I usually play basketball.I think diligence can make up for lack of intelligence.I do my homework at seven c'clock.I go to bed at ten o'clock.
Dear Chris, I'm l, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
What is known for me that you will be a part of my class as an exchange student.
So there is something you are supposed to know something.
My city is a good place to live in.
The sky is blue and the air is clean.
So you can enjoy yourself.
As for food, we like noodles.
It can stand for our culture.
And it shows the Chinese traditional culture.
What's more, my classmates are full of energy.
They are easy to access.
I hope you can get on well with us.
We can expand our vision according communicating with each other.
Now,in the college a lot of students are late and leave eariliy.What's more,some students don't go to classes .These things make us suprise.As a college' student,we should obey the school rules.Because it is our duty .If we want to be a great stuent ,we should obey these rules .The result is that these rules make us not do something wrong.So we should obey them.As a student we should go to class on time and study hard.For our future,our present play an improtant part.So let us study hard and have a great college life.At last I want to make my college' be more beautiful and happy life.
From the chart we can see that since 1999 to 2010 the percentage of college students taking part-time job is growing faster and faster.
In the past, students taken more importance on studying, they thought that studied was the first thing they must do.
With living condition is getting better and better, the thought of students also than in the past had changed.
Today, college students not only have conditions, but also have time to take part-time job, it is not strange that the percentage of college students taking part-time job is growing.
Because of the difference between the past and now, no matter the condition or students' own ideas, all the factors those lead to the percentage of college students taking part-time job growing faster.
On the other hand, now the college students have their own ideas.
To my opinions, I think we can learn much from taking part-time job, and also gain more happiness, of course we do part-time can't affect our study.
I want to study English for different reasons.Firstly,I am interested in English.When I speak English fluently,I feel very happy.Secondly,I am aware of the importance of English.As we all know,English make we communicate with others fluently.Last but not least,I can know many foreign culture when I learn English.This helps me enlarge my horizon.Because of the reasons above,I wand to learn English.
I believe that everyone has an ideal,the ideal of my childhood is a teacher.
Many people will say that when teachers are very tired,but also less pay,but this is a sacred work,some people think that teaching children is a wate of time but it is meaningful,because it is in the training of talent.
Ifeel very happy with the child,because it makes peopie feel very young and full of vigor and vitality.
Teachers are essential to the society,only the existence of our society will progress.
In short,the teacher is profession is sacred,they let us get the knowledge.
There is a distinction between the word " observation" and the word "see".
The word "see" means to notice something with your eyes.
But the word "observation" means the act of watching somebody or something carefully for a period of time, especially to learn something.Therefore the word "observation" is deeper than the word "see".
A good painting is based on the good and careful observation.
Although the blind man cannot see the world through his eyes, he can feel it through hands, ears,legs and other body organ.It is also a way to observe.
This principle is also applied to the art of creative thinking.
What the first step of creative thinking is observation.
Firstly, we would observe the thing's quality and characteristics.
Only by this way can we grasp the essence of the thing and to perform the next step.
Secondly, we must keep our eyes open.Thinking from the multi angle, multi lateral, multi-level and multi structure is also important.
Last but not least, we would create new ways,new ideas and new breakthrough through the art of creative thinking.
When I see those people in the picture ,i feel so sad ,because they are so thin ,and they look so pain .I think why their parents gave birth to them .They are so painful.so an idea come into me ,we should cherish our life .
We should know that there are mang people unluck.
If we have ability ,i think we can give them help ,all of us are people,we should help people who is in trouble .Maybe we can give some money to them ,or we just cheat the AIDS as a commom people,and so on.
In a word,we should cherish our life .
Exercise is good.
It can keep fit for we.
It can train a person's character, so it is good.
If you have no time to exercise , then you can have go to school on foot.
You can play basketball.
And weekend go climb mountain.
I went to Beijing at the age of six.It's my first trip.I went there by car with my parent.
Beijing is the capital of China.It a beautiful city.First day, we went to the Imperial Palace.It's very gorgeous and big.It's the centre of Beijing.Next day we went to Tian An Men for a trip.
There are a lot of tall buildings in Beijing.And I also ate some feature food,such as Beijing Roast Duck,It's very delicious.
I think this trip is perfect.If there is an opportunity,I well go there again.I like Beijing,I enjoy this trip very much.
Recently,there is a heated discussion about whether private car owners should be taxed for pollution.Some regard it as effective way to control the number of cars and reduce pollution in the city.Others don't agree to be taxed for pollution because of some reasons.In terms of this discussion,I hold the first view.I think it is necessary to tax for pollution.The reasons are as followed.
Firstly,putting a "pollution tax"on private cars,to a certain degree,will reduce the number of private car.Because it increases the cost of car,people may consider it expensive and don't want to buy a car.secondly,some people really have to buy a private car,however,because of the pressure of private car's pollution tax,they will choose to buy a car which has the low emmision level.Or,sometimes they may take public transportation.Thus,it will decrase the amount of air pollution and slow down the global warming.
Above all,it's reasonable to tax private car owners for pollution.Although it brings unconvenience to someone,it is really a good way to solve the environmental problem.Besides,we should find more ways to deal with pollution essentially.
In a curious and exited mood,I come to Northeast Normal University.
My university is located in Changchun,Jilin that I have never been to.
It is beautiful and has many green trees like spring, which matches its name.And the sky is blue as well.
It is the beauty and comfort that impress me deeply.
I live in Shenyang, Liaoning, one of the northeast cities of China as well as Changchun.There is some similarity between the two cities.
Therefore, I can adapt to the new city as soon as I can.However, there are still some I cannot adapt.
For one thing, the prices of things are so high.
For another, the bus speed is much too fast, which is different from Shenyang.
Compared with Shenyang, Changchun is colder because of its high latitude.
And the temperature varies sharply in daytime.
Sometimes the morning is so cold while at noon it gets so hot.But in general, the climate agrees with me.
As for studies, the school experience in university is quite different from that in the past years.
When I was at middle school, my teachers were very strict with students.
We were forced to study hard and busy doing homework everyday without time doing things that we like.
But now everything has changed.
I have enough time to have a break, do outdoor activities and so on.
I can make full use of my time.
The teachers are less strict.
The days are gone when you have to be forced to do something.
But I think it's a double-edged sword.
Without that, some people may give up their studies and get addicted to playing computer games.
On this condition, I have to learn to be self-disciplined.
I ought to concentrate myself on my studies.
I must work hard to get high scores and take an active part in different types of activities to get social experience.
I have a goal: achieve the Doctor Degree in 10 years.
The first lesson that everyone should have, I think, is how to be independent and we should be grateful to our families.
Not until I left my hometown did I realize my families' love.
I used to take it for granted that they look after me well.
However, I have to take good care of myself now.
I really miss them, especially my grandma, who brought me up.
How I wish I could fly home now.
No matter how, people should learn to grow up on their own.
Now I am here.
Now that I have been in university, I cannot think that.
What my first task is that I should study hard.
There's a proverb saying,"where there is a will, there is a way".
It's time for me to live up to it.
Thank you for your letter that you said our product is wrong and you need us to compensate for your loss.
We regret that your claims we can't accept.
The 1 office supply wasn't ordered.
Please examine the contract carefully.
You said you delay to receive the products 2 weeks late.
The products were delivered on time and the cleaning on board bill of loading was before the latest of shipment.
So the shipper is a delay of delivery.
We don't think we have a reason for settlement of your claims.
If you need us to help you what file a claim against on the shipper, we will do it.
We look forward to your reply.
calmness and humor.
Although many students try to do it, they still will feel nervous and self-conscious when they making a speech.
Obviously ,if we want to do it well, it is essential that we should build up our self-confidence.
In order to build up our self-conscious, we should do follow three steps.
First of all, we should learn to talk to strangers spontaneously.
Besides, we should practice publish our opinions in public situations.
Finally, we can participate in the speech competition as much as possible.
All in all, nothing in the world is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.
We can make a fine speech as long as we try our best to do it.
First of all, undergraduates are neither fully psychologically mature nor able to assume the responsibility, especially freshmen and sophomores.
If they indulge in it ,the students may not pay close attention to their study, which isn't rare.
Additionally, some just take advantage of it killing time ,and avoiding boredom with much time at their own disposal, have someone keep company, etc.
What's more , some change dating "partners" frequently, holding a paradox opinion that they could show off their charm or lacking the sense of responsibility, especially their former sweethearts.
Finally, the proportion of successful couples is too low.
Instead, the overwhelming majority reach the same end -paring just before graduation, as result of the reality.
May first is a Sunday.
And it is the Labor's Day.
My mother said to me :"Open your eyes!And look out of the window.
Let's go to park," So my mother, my classmate and I went to the park.
We took some foods in my schoolbag.
On the way to the park.
I saw the blue sky with snow-white clouds.
I saw pear trees and some apple trees and so on.
Below the trees, there are several kinds of flowers.
It's colorful, blue, red, yellow, pink, purple, orange and white.
I saw some balloons and butterflies in the sky.
I ate popcorn, cornflakes, banana and lollipop.
They were wonderful.
In the afternoon, we went to the zoo.
I visited the birds, mice, cats, dogs, budgies, hamsters, rabbits and so on.
I think learning English online is of great fun and it has become a part of my daily work.
As we can see,lots of wonderful English learning resources are available to us online such as varieties of films, songs and beautiful texts and we can choose whatever we want.
Also we are able to communicate with a large number of native English speakers through QQ or MSN and develop new,unforgettable friendships, which is a great chance for us to improve both our oral English.What's more,online learning removes the visual barriers that hinder us from sharing our thoughts and we are given time to reflect on the information before replying.This is important as trying to express our ideas and get insights into the issues under the surface is significant for us learners.
Generally speaking,new technology allows us to take on a magic adventure in the online world.I strongly recommend that everybody join us and enjoy the pleasure that learning English online brings us.
In my opinion the first of all teachers shouid be rich in knowledge,and strict but very friendly.Good teacher do not means liking to give students a lot of tests.Good teachers should talk to students as much as possible.Ithink a good teacher's lessons are amusing ang interesting.
A good teacher should be patient to answer the questons of the students,and they shouldn't tend to care about students so that he is a good teacher.
I think my teacher is very kind and patient,and they teach very clearly.They are good teacher.
The children of migrant workers who have remained in their hometown whilst their parents work in the cities are known as the "left-behind children" in China.
with the development of city and country,more and more people in country in order to have more money to work in the cities without their old parents and children.They came back hometowns when the Chinese new year.
In my opinion,the "left-behind children"are very poor,each year they just have a little time together with their parents.I think we can organize volunteers to visit them on the regular times .This can make them more lively,company is the best gift!
Spring festival is one of the most popular festivals in China and all the Chinese celebrate the festival no matter where they are.
This year,I also had a fantastic Spring festival.
On New Year's Eve,my family members got together to have a big and delicious dinner and then watch TV.Till the 12o'clock,we ate jiaozi because it means healthy and you can keep alive in a long time.Afther having ate jiaozi,we went out to play fireworks.Because of my happiness,I stayed up all night.When the next morning come,I got some money from my parents.It is said that this money is given to children for good luck.
Teacher W, Hello, my name is X.
My English foundation is not very good, I hope the teacher can understand.
My interest is like playing basketball.
My tall and handsome, chasing my girl is also a lot of, but I am very specific.
Finally I wish the teacher health work smoothly.
More and more young.
Thank you for your student X in October 6, 2015.
My most memorable experience was the day internship in Beijing.
On the day of July 14, 2012, I boarded a train to Beijing.I'd never go to the capital, and were very eager to go to Beijing, as the journey should be very pleased.Nevertheless, I was very depressed.Because I get separated from others.and the teacher did not aware of there lost a student until I found the team with the help of a conduct.When we finally arrived at the destination only to be told to live in the basement.And I was assigned to the Catering Departent.At that moment I felt so terrible that I want to run away right now.
We had conducted a serious of training.As how to fold the napkin,and how to set the table in professional standards,the correct usage of the tray,the different usage of various tableware and a variety of knowledge about etiquette,etc.I gradually began to like catering service.In addition to professional konwledge.I also learned a lot of other things.Thkans to this work I was able to come into contract with a variety of people.It is very useful to in dealing with the relationship between people in the future.More important for me is that I knew an example of following.What she had taught me is the wealth of my life.At the same time,I also handed over several excellent friends who encouraged me in my frustration.
Through this internal,I learned that regardless of the external environment and correctly adjust our mentality would give us huge returns.
In the summer vacation,today it was army day,I spent a happy day.
In the morning,I am visiting the Palace Museum.It was valuable cultural relics.i went to climb the Great Wall,was very interesting.
In the afternoon, I went to Tian'an Men Square,there was chairman MAO's stone.
In the evening,I went to Beijing Hutong,there was very few food,beijing duck, it was delicious.
I don't like reading,but I read a lot of thought.One day,I read a book.I have a feeling.
I read the book name"TEASING",it is the Berenstain Bears series.I love it becaues it tell me don't make fun of others.
I think brother bear is good.Though he teases siter bear,but when he tased by others,sister bear is happy.We don't make fun of others,and don't teases others.It is not good.We would like to get along with others.
I think if we like play with others,they would like you too.
It is innovation that leads to a better life, which, of course means that innovation is of great significance.
Innovation is something that can help a single person accomplish his comprehensive development, which can also help a country to take on a stronger appearance and let the world step forward and be more advanced.
More than that, innovation is the soul of the advancement of one people.
That being said, it is easy to understand why we should innovate.
In other words, we are supposed to embrace new things.
There are tens of thousands of reasons for us to do that, but we are going to share several of them for the sake of time.
First and foremost, to embrace new things is of much use to find out the defects and demerits of the old ones.
What is known to us all is that nothing is perfect because everything gets its own disadvantages.
Under this circumstances, to embrace new things is absolutely an ideal way to ractify those parts of the old things we are not satisfied with.
What's more, to embrace new things is the common trend of the process of history.
It is the failure of the Qing Dynasty of China that tells us that to be isolated and to seperate oneself from the outside world, or rather, to refuse to embrace new things is a good way to reach the end of a person or a country, which I bet no one is able to and willing to afford.
That's to say, to embrace new things is to keep up with the pace of the society.
Last but not least, to embrace new things is to achieve one's own overall and intergrated development.
As we age, we will always be comfronted with all kinds of people and things we've never encountered before.
We'll never grow up a man and be strong enough unless we embrace new things for it is new things that let us know there are still much that we are to master, which is exactly the essence of human beings.
A natural conclusion can be drawn that innovation is of great importance not only to a single person but to the whole world and that to embrace new things is not only significant but necessary.
It is high time that we innovated and embraced new things.
Good morning,laddies and gentleman!My name is Z.I am 21 years old.I graduated X teacher collage,I major in English education and I want to get a job as an English teacher.I like English and children.I am good at English speaking,and get along well with children.
I am steady, practical work hard, I have a strong team spirit, diligent, hard-working, and obedience to superior orders to listen to from the command.
I have lots of interests, such as singing, dancing, drawing and so on.
Today I have got CET4 by myself, but I think education is not knowledge, the most important is warm-heart and ability.
So I believe I can become a good teacher in the future.
Recenty, with the waste producing growing much, the environment becomes worse, which effects our living conditions deeply.
As the matter of fact, it's time to realize the significance of waste sorting.
Generally speaking, we should sort waste both at home and in the outside.
First, sort waste at home.
You had better sort your kitchen waste.
For example, don't put the garbage which concluded food leftover and plastic, which contributes to the form of fertilizer.
What is the importance is that develop conscious to become harmony with nature.
Second, sort waste in the public.
Please choose the right side of garbage can before put them into garbage.
For example, sort the bottles and metal into the different garbage so that people can recycle.
What's more, put the battery into the proper place for it may corrode the land.
Besides, it is worth taking time to think that how to recycle garbage.
All in all, sorting waste is not only recycle the recourse, but also protect our environment.
In addition, it can bring far-reaching and profound rewards to the society.
Moreover, we should do everything we can do to protect our unique home together and take steps to gain knowledge to protect.
Thanks for telling me about Thanksgiving Day.
Now I'd like to tell you something about another festival in China.
In the last we can held some active to past the day.for example,we could go to the moutant.We else could eat double-ninth cakes.They mean is live a long time.
Now,we are used to travel around.We help old men solve their problem.Not only we love ole men,but also we respect old men.
I think this behave is very good.We should do this behave more than.
Looking forward to Learning more about your holidays.
There is much to Learn outside the University Classroom.
who do well in the classroom and get great grades.
into society in the future only with the limited knowledge we gained from classroom.
classroom, there are too much to learn, which we should always bear in mind.
First, we should learn to handle interpersonal relationships.
around.
parents or sweet heart.
always serious while I was so shy to express my true feelings and even regard him with reverence.
my care and love.
Now we are close friends and gain new insight into our relationship.
Another important task is to improve comprehensive quality.
that are needed to survive in the competitive society.
and to find out what kind of person we truly want to be.
also of great importance.
I took part-time jobs since I was a freshman.
experience, and, the idea that I should not always depend on my parents began to dawn on me.
Indeed, no course will teach us how to make friends or become excellent.
outside the university classroom, if we want to be our personal best.
I'm L,monitor of Class one,Grade Eleven.I feel it an honor to be on behalf of our class to tell you that we are all delighted to study with you in the future.
As the weather in Tianjin is getting colder,it would be better if you can take some warm clothes with you.Moreover,there is varieties of delicious food in Tianjin,so you needn't worry about that you can't get used to the food.
When it comes to our class,I'm proud to tell you that we are in harmony with each other and everyone is ready to help others.I'm sure you will get along well with them.
What's more,we would appreciate it if you can make a speech in our class to introduce the school life in America so that we can broden our horizon and learn more about you.
Three years ago,I went to Tibet in summer with my parents and my younger sister.It's my first experience of travel and it is really exciting ang amazing.
We spent two days on the way by train.It was a long journey but it's not bored.We can saw a kind of beautiful scenery from the windows.
My first impression of Tibet was that sky is very blue and air is fresh.When I arrived,Ihad a little headache and so unfortable that I even can't breath at first day.Then we visited many places of scenic spot,especially the Namtso Lake.The beauty of Namtso made me unforgettable.
In Tibet,I atelots of foods and I think the most delicious food is the snack of Tibet.Just like yak mest,barley liquor and buttered tea.
There are three years has passed since then,but I can remember all things about that travel.
No.
No.
No.34/009 Is this comparable with your 55/88 device?
At nine,I get to my grandparents' dwelling.When I see my grandma does housework I go there to trust her.At twelve,we have lunch.
For a short rest,my aunt says:"we eat out tonight.
"When I hear this news,I'm excited.
The sun is fatigue so he falls slowly.That's why the sun falls.
In this summer holiday,i played computer games every day.
I felt happy,not the real happy.
But the community service made me feel the real happy.
In a wonderful morning,i went out to do community service,helping an old people.
At first,i chatted with the old man,then i did some housework and cooked for the old man.
We had lunch together.
We both felt happy that day.
When i left,i saw the old man's face covered with a smile.
At that moment,i felt real happy.
In that day,i felt real happy because i did a right thing.
Everyone has his most unforgettable thing.
Friendship mabe the most important thing in our life.It's like a light that gives us brightness.
I have many things that I can't forget with my friends.
One day,I showed a new watch to my best friend.The watch is very pretty and I like it very much.When I passed it to him, he dropped it and the watch crashed into pieces.
I was very angry and I lost his temper with him.Next day I found a new watch in my desk.
I was moved by the not and I felt regret with my words.
I said sorry to him and we were closer than before.I can't forget this thing.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
Now I'd like to tell some of the problems occured and I put them into 5 factors.First of all,there's so rapidly a population growth that the resources are running out.After that,It's a great waste of energy with the over-developement in some areas.As the population grows,water becomes less and less.Also,air pollution makes us difficult to breathe.Cutting down trees do harm to the environment as well.
There are really a lot of problems and I will offer some advices.We should pay more attention to saving resources in order to protect the environment.In addition,we should try to do what we can to save energy in our daily lives.
In rencent days,the phenomenon that considerable students occupy seats in advance has becoming more and more universal .
According to this phenomenon , individuals hold different opinions .
Those follow several views.
Some people are in favor of occupying seats .
As far as they are concerned , it indicates that students' spirits of studying are soaring .
On the other hand , it's sensible for students to occupy seats in advance at time off due to it helps to avoid crowding before class .
On the contrary , others hold different opinions.
some students occupy too many seats , the amount of which is beyond their use .
What's worse,some students even sell seats to make money.
In my opinions,occupying seats substantially benefits us and meets the demand of fierce competition.But we can't leave the situation of seats-selling as it is , on the contary,we should place more importance on it and take effective ways to avoid it.
Nowadays,many people think the dressing is important for us,especially at working.And the different jobs have different requirements for the dressing.
Sometimes,we can wear the dressing which is comfortable for us.
I think we must wear the formal dressing in office because it can give the customers a good impression.It may make you professional,and the customer can believe what you said.The customers can tell the attitude from your dressing.So,the formal dressing is beneficial to us if we are working in the office.
But if we are not an office worker,we can wear the dressing which is comfortable.Because the formal dressing is not suit for the freelancer,we can not wear it.If we have the important time or customer,we should wear the formal dressing to express the respect for him or her.So, we must choose the dressing depend on the occasion.
As is known to us,smile is the best gift that the God give us.Therefore ,in our daily life we should make full use of smile to increase the happiness of human.Here are some practical examples to show you how important smile is.
atmosphere.The second thing,when we smile to others,we also can harvest many things,such as:happiness.Last but not least,no matter what happens ,if we can use a smile,we can solve all those trouble.
In a word,smile as an universal language plays an important role in our daily life.And only when we make full use of it can we live a happy life to the fullest!
The color and shape of packing pull people and make them believe that they are worth trying, but they are a silent but persuasive salesperson.
Once I saw a bag on the Internet, the package in the photo is particularly good and the seller is highly praised for the package.
Nonetheless when I wash the bag, I found it fade.
As customers, we shouldn't be cheated by the product's appearance.
First, look at the validity period of the goods.
Second, look at the quality of goods, mainly to see whether there is no damage and no metamorphic.
Buy practicable conmodities and do rational consumption.
Bacon said: failure is the mother of success.
As light and midnight, no midnight to light, there is no real that to dream.
No matter who, will sometimes fail.
For example: Edison invented the electric lamp failure when tens of thousands of times, but he did not give up, so he succeed.
Because he did not bow before difficulties, he succeeded!Not everyone is a genius, but the degree of effort is different.
I also failed, but not a failure, but I was not in the face of failure bow.
Whenever have a failure, I also grow.
In the long road of life, we will experience greatly small repeated failure.
No one can succeed, no one who always failed.
Success, failure.
Some people always want to succeed, but I do not know failure is as important as.
However, we can not be discouraged, not to fail to admit defeat, in that case, it is equivalent to abandon their.
We must march forward courageously.
We talk about what we cannot afford to lose,yes,when facing this problem.I asked not a few students about this ,their answers vary from person to person,such as health .belief.friend curiosity.interest.time.right person.last train home ..........you can give many answers,if you want!
What we cannot afford to lose?I think as an English department student,teachers' ethics is definitely what we cannot to lose.
So what do you think about teachers' ethics.and what is it?
In brief,teachers' ethics is a kind of behavior or rule to adjust the students and knowledge.It is a kind of repution morals,kind of the general social ethics in education and growth of children.It requires teacher care about students,be patient to them and always for the benefit of them.
But nowadays,a lot of teachers fail to observe it,especially in primary school.I am a victim of it,when I was in grade one at my primary school,that it was dim morning ,which i remembered it very clearly.I cannot do out a simple problem,at that time my teacher was standing aside of me with an angry face.
The entire object of true eduction is to make people not merely do the right things.
I heard a huge sond of heart breaking,I doubt that am I a foolish?I feel a strong sense of difference.But now I am a student of college,maybe I will be a teacher someday.
or make more money from them?just like Yan Hongyan,a very famous primary school teacher,she was well-known for multreat, the little child of her class was treated with great cruelty.Teachers are no more teachers and students are no more students.
I think everything should be fixed now,and for this everybody should contribute a lot,now if you want to be a teacher,on one hand,you must learn more to enlarge your knowledge,in case your students put some strange,on another hand.please be patient and kind to your students,it is important.
Let's believe teacher will always a gardener,a friend even parents of children.
information around the world is written in or translated into English.
world, we must be equipped with a good command of English.
English is one of the most important required subjects for the university and high school entrance exam.
To do well on the exam, we must, again, study hard to score high in the subject.
Frankly, my English is not good.
every day because a large vocabulary is essential in learning English well.
grammar rules every week, which helps me make fewer mistakes in writing English.
articles and then write an English composition every other day.
and writing.
coming college examination.
There are different opinions among people as to someone you love most ,some people suggest that they love people who loves him,and my mother is the one that i love most.
Motherly love is the greatest love in the world.my love is a good mother,which is a definite answer for me.
I think she is the best woman in the world since i was a little boy.
I'm pround of her,she loves me all the time whatever is happening.if i do something wrong she will be generous about me.when i have trouble that she always encourage me to do our best,she also say"it don't matter if you win or not, the imporant thing is to do your best and keep doing".mother is important to do things in the futher.
New years,the 2014 came to this world.New class begin go on,I'm very happy,because Englishi writing class have a new teacher.The teacher is very interesting,in the she class,we are study contentions.
Support 1:the teacher class is very interesting,so we are like the class.
Support 3:the teacher some time happy,some time should contentions,I think it's very nice.
I think the new teacher is very good,and I like the new teacher.
My favorite animal is rabbit, because it is very lovely.
It has two long ears, two red eyes, four legs, and a very very short tail.
It is white and very small.
It eats grass and vegetable.
It lives on the farm.
The students want to test a good fraction let teachers praise let parents happy,they often study late into the midnight.For students,this is a great pressure.
Staff in order to get paid for over time work everyday and must be carefully and less appear problem.Afraid to appear the problem,wages not money not home.
And the disease to the family burden is very heavy too and also a family relationship between members of the household is the hand pressure.
As a college student,as of now,lea ring put great pressure on me but I will take a positive attitude,a good mood to overcome difficulties,to get good grades.
Since ancient time, there is a tradition----buying a pig in spring, feeding it through summer and fall, and butchering it when the bitterly cold coming.
This is our pigs' lot.
My pigpen located at the bottom of an old orchard, in a very shabby house.
Even so, I like there because I can play with abandon in the pleasant yard and be shaded by an apple tree in torrid summer.
My master paves some sawdust in my pigpen for me.
I am fond of rooting and lying on to sleep warmly.
However, the morning sun never lasts a day.
In mid-September, I am sick.
It was about four o'clock in the afternoon; I have no appetite when master feeding me.
What I only want to do is stretching out in the sawdust, which can relieve my pain.
After about one hour, when master and his son arrive, armed with a small bottle of castor, I am standing in the middle of the yard.
Sickness has frittered away all my energy.
Their arrival brings no comfort to me.
The little master grabs my front legs and drags me down to the ground.
When I open my mouth to scream, my throat is tanked up oil.
As released, I stand up immediately.
I stare at my master in disgust and hatred.
Perhaps for my eyes, my master scratches me gently with his oily fingers, just as to express his apology and comfort.
I can't fall asleep because of the illness.
Next day, master tempts me by putting a little milk in my trough; meanwhile, he also makes a sucking sound to remind me of past pleasures of the feast.
Nevertheless, vomit at midnight not only destroys my appetite, but also let me disgust it.
My old partner----Dachshunds Fred, brings me some comfort during my sickness.
When my master does enema therapy for me, he always shuttle back and forth and behave extremely excited.
I guess, he may be sorrowful for my death.
Repeated treatments make me be in deep agony but have little effect.
My master turns to doctor again.
Late at night, McFarland is coming, along with his fiancee, Miss Owen.
He presses his hand slowly on my stomach.
He repeats the treatment and I cooperate with him due to the instinct of survival.
Seeing the dispirited leaving back of master, I know I will die soon.
On the day of my death, I prefer spending more time lying inside, covering with sawdust to spend my last time in quiet and solitude.
I'm writing to tell you how I spent my college life and hope you can learn something from it.
Three years ago, I arrived at this school for the first time, tired but happy.
It was brand-new to me and with that curiosity and passion, I had a good performance in my military training.
However, I didn't bring that spirit to my later study.
For the whole first year in my university, I almost learn nothing as I misinterpreted university as a paradise, where I can do whatever I want, including always escaping from classes or whatever.
But when I became a sophomore, things changed a lot.
I suddenly realized that our life in university is a stage between adolescence and adulthood.
Of course t is free, but the freedom in university is quite different from what I had ever thought.
Exactly speaking, it's free to study, to make friends and to spend your spare time.
And what it really requires us to do is to be independent and wise.
We all know that a wise man would never stop studying.
Next year, I'm going to graduate from school and now, I really thank for what I have learned during my college life.
Without it, I would never deserve more opportunities to be successful.
Wish you a happy college life.
Different people have different ideas towards work and leisure and more and more people pay station about it.
Some people think that we should take good care of ourselves and do our best to rest,which can make us health,or we will regret for our wreck health.While some say that if we don't work hard and we will get nothing but sadness.
The most pathetic People is who get nothing until when they become old.
As for the work and leisure,I think we should keep the balance between work and leisure.When you feel tied at you business,you should have a rest or listen to music to relax yourselves,which can make you be energetic.When you feel bored in you vacation,you can go on a trip to where you want to go,which not only can make you have a good mood but you can have better efficiency to your work.Last but not least you should do some excesses to make you more heathy.
At last,if you can keep the balance between work and leisure,you will benefit a lot form it.
Nowadays,more and more parents don't want to send their children to school,instead to let them recive home schooling.And I think that is a big thing to theirchildren and parents,because sducation influence on their future.
Some parents think study at school give their children more pressure,because they have more homework after class,and some extra lessons,make their children unhappy .what others think also exercises a great influence on most of them.
In my opinion,I prefer study at school,because study at school we can find more fun and interesting.And I think the important reason is build up a ralationship with other students,we should communicate with other students.You also can learn how to help others.So,we should have differential treatment ineducation.
As far as I am cerrcorn,the key of exerting the go-aheadism of students is teaching for everybody I think parents and teachers will have differential treatment in education.
Recently,with the development of science and technology,network communication has drawn extensive attention.
It's not uncommon among youngsters to communicate via the Internet.
What network communication to people is what sunshine to grass.It is evident that network communication plays an important role in interpersonal communication.
However, when it comes to the pros and cons of network communication,different people has different ideas.Some people hold the view that the network communication is a way people to contact others easily without the restriction of time and space.
We don't need to arrange our schedules in this way.
What's more, the network communication make our life efficiently, we can save lots of time and energy through this method.
On the contrary, some people indulge themselves in the virtual world, gradually neglecting how to communicate in real life.
Finally, they will find it hard to make friends in real life.
As far as I am concerned, the network communication is a double-edged sword.
You can be benefited if you use it properly, but it may loses it's value due to overuse.
So before you start a network communication, think it twice.
After the company meeting, we have passed a smoking policy.
From now on, all the smoking employees should smoke on the room which is next to the pantry.
If someone disobey the policy, he or she will be canceled the qualification of getting annual bonus.
Thank you.
It is really common that there is someone plays an important role in a particular stage of your life and he or she may change your views of life and dig your potential fully.
Luckily I have already met such a person whose name is Bella.
She influenced me profoundly in a positive way.
She is a friend that I met on the Internet, like the majority of people, I was educated that I should be careful, when surfing on the Internet, as people sometimes do not tell the truth of themselves.
Therefore when Bella told me that she got a Ph.D in UK and willing to help me improve my English the only thing I can feel was that it was too good to be true.
At that time I have just finished my first semester in the college.
To be honest, I was very disappointed about the way of education in college.
As the teachers were not as responsible as I thought, I sensed a great gap between my dream and reality.
I did not know how to deal with my study,especially loads of assignments that given by the teachers.
As time went by, I felt that my confidence faded away gradually.
In this very period, Bella appeared in my life.
A first she helped me revising my essays and assignments.
As she has a very good academic background, I can ensured that all the methods she taught me about academic writing was resonable and credible.
With the help of her, I have made great progress and my confidence came back as well as my ambition.
But what impressed me most was a wrangle that happened between us.
At that day, I have already finished an essay and I hoped that she could use her spare time to revise it.
She promised me she would revise it in a propriate way.
I was very upset at that time, because it was my first time attempting to write an academic essay.
However, when we met each other online she said my essay was good enough considering that this is my first essay.
In order to make good to great, we decided to polish some details.
But when we came to the discussion part, she put forward many questions that ranging from the word use to the logic relations of the paragraph.
After we finished discussion, It was 2 am in China and I was too tired to ponder the vexing details of my essay.
Therefore I said to her impatiently: I think it's good enough, please stop being so picky.Then I can sensed that she became angry and in order to control her temper, she asked me to have a good sleep at first.
Actually this is a quarrel that have not been bursted out, though I felt guilty for being impolite.
The next morning, we both apologized to each other.
In addition, she criticised me for not being so serious about my own work.
This is the first time I felt so directly how a good student deal with her study.
Actually It is not only your ability that matters, what really matters is the seriousness and the pursuing of perfection that existed in your blood.
Bella and me has become good friends for years, I think what she taught me and influenced me will benefit me in my whole life.
It is her kindness and seriousness that made me appreciated her so much.
If I have a chance I would like to give help to anyone who need it.
Since China joined the WTO in 2001, China rapidly emerged in the waves of Globalization.
And just like a double-edged sword, Globalization seriously challenges our traditional culture while it indeed benefits every one of us .
Under the irreversible trend of globalization, we should always remember that the globalization is not only a challenge but also a rarely opportunity.
Though many of our local companies go out of business in the dash of the advanced technologies, we could learn from the developed countries and improve ourselves .That is to say, the black Devil Dash could still also bring heaven lights of opportunity.
And so do our traditional culture.
So the fact we are strongly influenced by the western or Japan & South Korea Culture exactly demonstrates that our culture isn't strong enough.
So, it's our first concern that is to strengthen our culture.
And to solve this, I think, we should pay more attention to our traditional culture's spreading and our traditional festival's holding.
Instead of obsessed with the fashion of Valentine's Day, having a traditional Chinese festival with your love in the evening of July 7th should be more romantic.
Turn the old, return to them.
And gradually we will establish a strong Chinese culture in the dash of Globalization and make it stronger and stronger.
What's more, we also have an opportunity to innovate, not just observe.
We should try to create things instead of being labeled "Made in China".
To make our culture more creative is the best way to be advantaged in Globalization.
Finally, we should remember that our culture has history of 5000 years which could date back to the ancient times and we are proud to have given the world extensive influence.
Both Chinese culture and foreign cultures have their strengths.
In the era of globalization, it is necessary to learn from the essence of other cultures to enrich our local culture.
I am Li Jin, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
Knowing you will join us next term as an exchange student, I give my warmest welcome to you.
I would like to tell you something about my hometown, Tianjin.
IT goes without saying that the weather is wonderfully cosy.
It's neither too cold in winter nor hot in summer.
Food is wonderful delicious here, I'm sure you will like it.
Our class is not only the No.
One class, but also the No.
One in studying, especially in English, so that we would have no difficulty in communication with each other.
I firmly confirm that you will enjoy it.
Wish you enjoyable memory.
Yours, Li Jin.
Today,there are more students and teachers who are taking the online course .And why?
Online course not only conwenient,but also has enrich resource supply us study.Online course let many students or other plepeo can learning more knowledge which are not pay and can't study .We can convenient seek our we want with online course.Use online course can rapid contact with teacher,and not direct go to find teacher.Since online course whit many benefit and why not use?This is arise online course reason.
In my opinion , i agree with online course .It is worthwhile to develop.
My new English teacher is a very kind person.
She's gentle and beautiful.
She always smile to us and never get angry with us.
Her classes are so interesting and lively that I enjoy them very much.
My homework always be correct carefully.
She tried many ways to improve our English basic skills.
For example, she allow us to memorize the lessons in 'New Concept English'.
She also exercise our speaking in the class, tell us how to pronounce purely.
Every time I made mistakes in homework or papers, she always point out them and allow me to correct.
If I have any problems in study, she will teach me patiently.
Her attitude in teaching was arousing my interests in English.
We all like her very much.
Nowadays,there are some people like to show wealth on the internet.For example,they bought brand clouths or bags.Where thy went to travel.What automoile they drive.The Apple Watch,iphone6s,which are follow the trend update.All kinds of luxurious things they had.
People have different views on this phenomenon,some one think it is personal pursuit,I would like to share my things with others,it does not your business.However,somebody thinks displaying wealth on the internet unnecessary.You displayed what others have not,it easy to bring pressure with oters.Further more,sometimes it will make people to form a psychological comparison.
As far as I am concerned,everyone has private freedom to display something on the internet,as long as it is suitable.If someone display the luxurious pictures on the internet every day.People will get bored obviously.So, to do everything need have a degree.
Study should be no national border.Because different country had different culture and different educational methods .
our students more choice study abroad when they finish The university entrance exam.For this differenct people have different opinionce,someone like study abroad can study other countries culture can study different ideas.
I get it too .Because if you want to move more distant and move move higher we should be touch more unknow's people and cultures.
Along with the arrival of internet times, the 21st century is witnessing a growing communication between countries and countries, especially in aspect of Chinese and western culture.
When people are enjoying the benefits brought by globalization, our traditional culture is confronted with the biggest challenge such as it has never met before.
Whether we realize it or not, large quantities of cultural symbols are fading out every second, every day.
I think the unity among nationalities, for the most part, is depended on sense of culture admitting.
Some may say developing our economy will be a quite useful and effective way to let more foreign countries have interest in Chinese culture and it is also a necessary basis.
I certainly agree with this idea anyway.
Nerveless, I don't regard it as the radical solution.
A culture expanding should have the processes of persuasions which make people with different opinions identify a new one so they may accept and appreciate it.
However, we have many worries to see that the young nowadays are facing with a body of culture shocks and feel lost in choice.
So I think the most important thing we are urgently to do is culture education and national consciousness development.
And this education should not and mustn't be shallow and abrupt, focus on interests, not causing resentment.
Attitude speaks louder than blind actions.
We must realize it and then, pay much hard work on it.
At the beginning of 2013, the term "Chinese dama" was first used by the Wall Street Jounal to describe middle-age and middle-class Chinese women who are a prime force influencing the global gold market, according to the paper.
It is said that the hot term "Chinese dama" may be included in the new edition of Oxford English Dictionaries, which has sparked a heated online debate.
As far as I am concerned, to some extend, the Chinese dama's activities have become an example of some aspects of Chinese characteristic culture.
However, they are necessary to propagate the energetic and positive spirit while they play a role as cultural messengers.
The Chinese dama rush to buy gold as global gold prices plunged.
They invest in oversea property market.
They entertain themselves by dancing in groups in some square or traveling around the world.
They do the chores in their houses and support their families.
They even battle the elite class of the Wall Street.
Indeed, Chinese dama has come under the spotlight.
More and more media have given considerable attention to these middle-age Chinese women and even this sparked term "Chinese dama".
At the end of the 2013, the word "Chinese dama" was chosen as one of the buzzwords and even ranked first among a number of popular words.
It literally means "big mama" in reality.
However, some foreign media describe dama as China's secret weapon as they gradually trigger more and more people's interest.
As a matter of fact, Chinese dama is not secret or mysterious.
They are just ordinary person.
The Chinese dama's craze for the square dance may be attributed to their unique experience and terrible living conditions.
Chinese dama only tried their best to work hard and save every cent.
They did not enjoy a good and comfortable life when they were young.
Now, they have more free time and money to spend on their life with their own retirement.
Thus, they choose dance to enjoy the rest of their life in a careless manner.
After all, dancing is an effective way to keep fit, especially for those old people, though these noisy square-dances may cause disturbance to the local people.
Perhaps, there may exist a voice saying that these words like "dama" are a little bit ironic.
Nevertheless there is no doubt that the behaviors and changes of the Chinese people are exerting a considerable influence on the world, with the mushroom growth of China.
It seems that the unique Chinese phenomenon has drawn more and more attention from all over the world.
As most Americans run out their expected income, they, however, could not make up for it, which caused the financial crisis.
Based on this issue, I agree more on the opinion that saving money is superior to using tomorrow's money.
Saving money is a good habit.
First, it can give you a feeling of safety.
When you undergo an emergency, supposing you have some money in your hand, you will feel calm.
However using tomorrow's money makes you more anxious, because you do not know where the money is accurately.
Secondly, saving money is a kind of performance that you have a plan, which can order your life.
In another word, using tomorrow's money finally will cause a mess in your life.
On the contrast, saving money practice you the ability to plan while using tomorrow's money just make your life be out of order and you will always have debts for tomorrow, which really upset you.
To draw a conclusion, saving money or having a plan for daily life is a good habit rather than using tomorrow's money ahead of time which means you will be in a mess in the future.
Nowadays,many colleges are expanding their enrolling.
However,studies shows that it brought many problems.For instance,the teaching facilities and accomodation capacities of many colleges are limited and are unable to meet the demand for the enrolled students.On the other handitter ,the enrolled expansion has rduced the education quality.
In the long run,competiion among graduates grow more bitter and bitter,the supply of university graduates exceeds social demand.This result in a decreased chance for individual graduate to find a job.
As more and more graduates seeking for a job in big cities ,the cities become more and more crowded.
As a result,putting much pressure on transporation,housing sanitation,education,employment and so on.Thus could result in violence and crime.To solved the problem,I think the government is expected to implement lows and regulations to limit the exceedingly growing of the urban populaion.As college students,we can seek a good job back to our hometown.
In spite of all this,I am still believe that the intake expansion is of great benefit to our society.For example,our country can keep up with the need of the job market to culiviated more qualified people to take up the jobs.Secondly,the expansion has entitled many high school graduates to the right of receiving higher education.Last but not least,it can raise the intellectual standard of our nation.
In Africa, when the antelope wakes up every morning, the first thing that comes to his mind is, "I must be able to run faster than the fastest lion, otherwise I will be killed by a lion.
"And at this moment, the lion wakes out of his dream, and the first thing flashing into his mind is, "I must be able to catch up with the slowest antelope,otherwise I will starve to death.
"So,almost at the same moment both the antelope and the lion jump to their feet, and start running toward the rising sun.
So this is life: whether you are an antelope or a lion, you ought to dash forward without hesitation when the sun rises.
As far as I am concerned, I think the meaning is life is exciting when you try different types of experences.
Somebody like to fire a dust unchanged life,becanse they think the stable life is necessary ,but something special happened today.
somebody like to live a change life.
Because they think they need to accept new things to keep up with the pace of life , and for the conveience to distinguish foday and yesterday.
Variety is the spice of life expresses the idea that it is good to try and do different things or try to do things in different ways.
I think a person who tries different experiences will have great life.
I received you letter.As your best friend,I know you have moved a new city,you have lots of problems.
You almost have no friends.You had classes or went on line at home every day,I also know you feel so lonely.I think it is a good idea fou you to make more friends and take part in many soice activity.
I miss you.The holiday I will go to the your city to see you.
I want to introduce Switzerland whichi is the developed country that I appreciate most.In my opinion,it can show the most valuable part of European civilization.
First of all,switzerland is located in the central of Europe,about 41 thousand kilometres.As we all know,Switzerland is surrounded by Austria,France,Italy and Germany.And then,Berne,the capital of Switzerland,which is the third largest city of Swirtzerland.But I still prefer to go to Geneva because it has beautiful scenery and delicious flavor.
The romance of The Three Kingdoms is a very good book, to linger, feel joy pleasure in a book.
It tells the story of The Three Kingdoms, tactic to see that the bore is clear how successful, celebrities soldiers brave deeds.
Because he was thoroughly on the study of human nature, thus analysis of tactics.
Can see through a person is good, for psychologists, it can better help people in need of help clean in the heart of doubt, for us, can call more friends, to one's thorough and can grasp the language of conversation, not language problem is to talk about not bottom go to, can also reduce the contradiction between friends.
Better good good reading, read a book, reading can cultivate our sentiment, can broaden our horizons, more conducive to the physical and mental health, we like because of the many books in my spare time.
This report is based upon the book in support, written by Jiwan Bi.
Jiwan Bi(1938--),Graduated from Beijing foreign languages institute (now called the Beijing foreign studies university) in the English department in 1961,He was the professor of the Beijing language and culture university and has retired, and now he is the director of Chinese society for the study of intercultural communication.
In the field of Intercultural Nonverbal Communication, he has a decisive influence.
This book gives us a brief introduction about the basics of non-verbal communication, norms of Western theories and non-verbal communication behaviors (Mainly normalize behavior of non-verbal communication in English-speaking countries).
To meet the needs of China's foreign exchange and foreign language teaching, this book describes the body language, paralanguage, object language and environment language in English-speaking countries, as well as cultural differences and cultural conflicts between China and English-speaking countries, exploring the role of non-verbal communication in cross-cultural communication and foreign language teaching.
At the beginning of the book describe nonverbal communication.
The third chapter makes comparison of body language, gestures, postures, head movements, eye movements, facial movements and so on by using illustrations.
The fourth chapter presents the difference of paralanguage by giving a lot of examples, which makes the book easy to understand.
Object language and environment language are introduced in the fifth and sixth chapters, they can teach us many courtesy, which makes us with high self-cultivation, even if you could not know the difference of nonverbal communication, you can learn something you should cognize, especially for a raw hand.
Chapter 7 and chapter 8 of the book are the comparison of non-verbal communication applications in communication etiquette and campus communication between China and western countries.
The last part of the book is the conclusion of the developments of intercultural nonverbal communication.
I found the author is thoughtful which makes the book very good.
It is a good Introductory textbook for studying the discipline of intercultural nonverbal communication.
All in all, I really think this is a good book for a raw hand in the field of intercultural nonverbal communication.
If you are a newer or an amateur interested in it, please read this book, and I am sure you can improve yourself in learning this discipline.
In the dictionary, university means a school which carries higher learning.
When I was a little girl, my parents always telling me that i must study hard in order to enter the ideal university.
At that time, in my opinion ,university is what can make my parents be proud of me.
As time passes by, I began to think of the meaning of university and the reason why we should go to university.
In my belief, I think one person should live a meaningful life and do something valuable.
Before that, this person must receive a education that promote the ability of human's mind and knowledge.
In my heart, there is no one that requests you how much you must learn within the limited time, so we have plenty time to learn professional knowledge and master more relevant skills.
Also, there is no one who disagrees you to learn what you really like, therefore, choose your favorite thing and try to enjoy it.
what the best thing is chatting with different kinds of people, you can meet friends who maybe keep company with you for a lifetime.
Through chatting,we can change our thoughts and perfect our personality.Of course ,we maybe receive love in this process.
In all, university can provide the source of knowledges and interpersonals,it is important for us to perfect personality and find the value of our own.
As we know,English is used in more occasions.More and more people communicate in English,therefore study English ie important for us.If we want to succeed in getting bachelor's degree form university,there is no doubt that we must pass the CET4.We must have a good knowledge of English,because it is used in our day life.
Many persons said that parents today spend too much time helping and determining their children's future, and children should be allowed to make their own choice.
I agree with this point.
Because the parents will after all age, the world after all belongs to us.
First, the society is progressed and changed all the time, but our parents, their idear and thinking are out of style.
It'sunmatched is the society, if you want to create a new realm, only rely on their idears and thinking are not enough.
You should have some special idea and thinking, to adapt the metabolic society.
Second, I think you must have seen the picture that parents force the little child to practice the piano, but the little child went to play the computer.
Many years after, this little child grow to manhood, but accomplish nothing.
See this picture you should deep think this problem: what are our need and necessary to do, what is the society need and necessary, what are our parents need and unnecessary to do.
After all, the new world belong to us, don't lookdown upon little child, they have their own thinking.
Why not have a try, give your child a chance, give yourself a chance.
Third, rely on our parents, we can't have the chance to steel ourselves, you must know eyas, they are birth in cliff, they only can fly out, you think, if their parents protect them all the time all the places, when can they live out their cliff.
Identical principle, if our parents protect ourselves all the time all the place, we can't live out.
So the eagle select to shove the eyas down to cliff.
Parents love their kinds is the true, but they should select a reasonable way to express.
More chance you give your child, more surprised you received.
I'm proud of my class and I get on well with my classmates and I admire each teacher who teaches us.
My classmates are friendly.
They enjoy helping others and they love studying.
The teachers in my class are responsible and they often help us with our study in their spare time.
We are very grateful.
In the school, we take lessons in a relaxing way.
During class we are given time to discuss questions with others.
Our teacher believes that it's helpful for us to think independently, and it works well.
After the class we have various activities, we usually run in the playground, and boys like to play basketball more.
I love my class and I will never forget the life there.
Thursday's writing class,teacher and we played a blind draw pigs game.The scene is very lively.
The teacher put a picture of pig paper posted on the blackboard.We divided the students into two groups,the game draws pigs.Draw pigs are blindfolded with an eye mask.Each draw a part,one by one.Because blindfolded,so listen to the next crew tips.Finally,we set up a cartoon pig;look really pretty and Q.we are very pleased with the.Although we were lost,but we have to experience the joy of the game of.
This game let me to experience the life is not easy.The eyes are the windows of the soul,everyone should protect their eyes.
Have you ever confused with the verier network words?Do you think it is a kind of fashion?Nowadays,more and more new words have been created on the Internet.These words are always spread at a high speed.
When you surf on the Internet,you can notice many fresh words you have never seen.Such as'geili'.On one hand,this phenomenon is a develop of culture,on the other hand,it is the retrogress of Chinese traditional culture.Beyond that,you can find many idioms have been distorted.People use the same single word which has the same pronunciation but the meaning has been completely changed.
Although these fresh words made people felt fun,this may also lead a wrong attitude to people.I have seen a report said that a girl who is a primary school student.She failed her exam because she wrote the idiom in the form of the Internet.This affair makes me think a lot.People who created these new words to make fun and the net friends also make a joke of it.But for the students,this may lead a wrong approach of their knowledge system.
As far as I am concerned,I don't think it is a good phenomenon to distort the idioms and create new words.China is an ancient country.Also China has its own traditional culture.So they should not distort them.
Nowadays,more and more new words are showed on the Internet.As a teenager,what we could do is to stop its spread and broadcast our Chinese traditional culture.Although the fresh words made us happy,we should also remember the national culture.We should utilize Internet to search for information and communicate with others but not only to create new words to impact our traditional culture.
Nowadays, I am a 20-year-old boy, but you are a few years old, this is the first time to write to you in English, so I have much to say to you.
These years, you have taken good care of me and the whole family,I still remember a lot of things between us.
For example, when I was poor in the exam, you were very disappointed, so I decided to study hard to make you happy.
I remember the occasion that you cooked the food for me and accompanied me to study late into the night.
Even if a little tired ,you spare no efforts in offering me a good learning environment.
What surprised me mostly is that I found you suddenly a lot of the old when I was in senior high school.
At that time, I was very sad and felt sorry.In my heart, you are the most beautiful mother in the world.
I hope you can take good care of yourself, and I will do my best to make you live healthier and happier than before in the future.
This moment, I just want to say I love you , because you are the greatest mother and the one I love most.
Form the table, it indicated that the number of postgraduates is increasing yearly.
When it comes to postgraduate study, some university graduates think that it is of importance for them to get higher degrees or academic and assist them to look for a good job.
Therefore, more and more university graduates choose to postgraduate study after they get the first degree.
As far as I'm concerned, although formal academic qualifications are more significant than work experience and personal qualities, opting to postgraduate study is a better choice literally.
To begin with, postgraduate study is the best way to get away form the pressure of employment.
With the increasing of the rate of unemployment, most of the graduates cann't find a good job.
Only by this way can they take down their burden temporarily.
Moreover, postgraduate study also helps graduates get higher degrees.
They can obtain more specialized knowledge and make themselves qualified professionals.
Meanwhile, it can call forth all their energies to work hard in the future.
Last but not least, if one doesn't like the specialized subject that he majors, it is an opportunity for him to change his life.
We never recognize what we will encounter; we should make a clear purpose for our life.
Just like determining to postgraduate study is a serious problem for every university graduate to take it into account seriously.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of our Chinese lunar calendar,is celebrated by Chinese people all over the world.
Family reunion together and if weather permits, we usually go out to see the moon and eat a moon-shaped pastry called a moon cake.
We also have moon cakes from Shanghai and Guangdong.
We eat moon cakessand and tell the story of Chang'e.
People always go on travel in the mid-autumn festival, and some people like visit a friend.
Recently a growing number of fresh granduates find that being empioyed by a decent employer is increasingly difficult.So somepepole consived companies shuold encourage high level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities to new generantion.But I not really disagree with this opinion.I think it is reasonable that healthy people shuold be to retire at the age of 60.
Firstly,nowadays people's average life is much longer than which in the past.
By the advence of medical technology people have a more and more health life,so they can do much more work than in the past.So we can retire at the older age,it can take more benefit for our social.
In the next place ,our country has already entered an aging society,the proportion of the elderly population is also growing.The old people should prepare for its own sources of income,so they are will to work for long time.
Thirdly,the high age employees have better experience and training for their job than the new generantion.they can do their job very well.
Finally,the old people aren't will to be retired at the early age.
In a word ,I think the old people can do better and better.
I feel very good when I attend college for the first time.I suppose that I'll have much free time.The time gradually lose.I find it difficult to make my dream come ture,because of joining in the Student's Union.From then on,many things cling me.Sometimes,I will take a deep breathe.I will make a loud voice where no people here.In a word,I take measures to control my behavior.
On the other hand,I have learned some methods that how to communicate well with teachers and classmates.I also comfort myself that I'm tired all time,but I do some exercise and have become stronger.The strong represent that I'm full of passion and my body is surrounded by muscle.
After four years,I'll still remember-the colorful and tiring college life.
With the rapid pace of our life, people find that they are under great stress.
It's the pressure that bothers people so much.
Some people don't know how to deal with the stress.
I'd like to tell something about the stress so we will make sense what to do with it rightly.
It means a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense in the dictionary.
When people are eager to do something and they can not get it done right now, stress comes out.
There are many factors leading to stress.
It may be the fierce competition that brings us stress.
People are likely to be afraid of being caught up by others.
Besides, our resources are so limited and our population are so heavy that we have to work hard to win them.
Lastly, people like to set some goals which are too high for them which just makes them upset and stressful.
Stress doesn't mean unhappy things all the time.
Some people think it blocks the way towards success while others believe it's the stepping-stone of high goals for them.
No matter what you do, you must deal with the stress in your life.
People in a comfortable condition may feel happy, but they can not do the same job better than those people who do it under the pressure.
What the stress brings to us is not only the negative mood, but also the motive power to do something perfect.
Once we turn the pressure into active power, we will do our job quite better than others.
The process of bearing the stress is bitter.
You shall never know what will happen in the next minute.
You may feel sad, lonely and upset.
What we can only do is to undertake the stress and keep up going.
Life is full of unexpected things.
Life is full of challenges.
It is often to be seen that persons fear of failure.
However, if you give up, you shall never succeed.
Bear it in mind that reality always conflicts with the ideal.
You may want to get a perfect result but only to find you make a mess in the end.
Facing the stress in our life, what we need to do is to keep an optimistic attitude.
Although people under the stress can work harder, we shall never give too much pressure for us.
Appropriate stress makes people work efficient while too much stress could only break them down.
If you are under great pressure, have a long breath and turn back to find if there is something wrong on your way.
Now we can draw the conclusion that stress is an important part of our life.
It may be the firm stone blocking your way.
It may also be the part of your way towards success.
What stress means for you is determined by the attitude you face it.
Life is not easy.
We need to overcome every tough obstacle.
What we can only to do is to smile to the stress and never give up.
We will get the flowers and applause in the end.
Hello,my name is W,i come from X,a contemporary,beautiful city.I'm a lovely girl.I like running,listen to music,playing tennis and so on.
This is the first time to Y.It was a long journey,i spent two days to arriving here.The train was slow,and here was no bed,just a set.I couldn't have a good sleep.So,when I came to ChangChun,I felt tired and sleepy.How terrible journey it was.
Now,the college life begin,compared with the high school life,it is interesting.I not only meet more friends,but also take part in more activities.I enjoy myself.
As for my study,I'm not good at English.But I believe that if you try your best,everything can be done well.So,I will try my best to do it well.
In the end,I will adapt to the new environment quickly.Begin my new life.
As the society develops,our lives change more and more happier and richer.
Some people remain poor state in distant mountainous of our country .There is a little food and water .
Children are not much money to go to school on time,and earthquake voicain and so on bring many diffculties and disaters .People should help them out and devote own loving heart .
Because people are not save nature resources and break the develop balance ,which cause the volcain typhoon earthpuake break out .Of course as the economic is not balance develop also cause the poor .
In my opinion ,we should help these poor and have diffculties people out and provide many foods clothes and books to them .If everyone devotes own loving heart ,our lives will change more beautiful .
As we all know,drug problem has become one of the problems that people pay more attention to.In my cognition,drugs are slow poisons which hurt people's bodies and make them be drug addicts.It was reported that many Chinese stars were arrested and sentenced because of taking drugs.Exposed by the media,they were discussed passionately in social life.It ruined their careers.
In China,public figures, like stars,must be right-minded,positive and moral.People can't ignore a little darkness of their humanity.So,how does western countries' show biz treat the drug problem?
The number of stars taking drugs in western countries is more than China.
At the new year party in Miami in 2009,there were ranks of cocaine and marijuana,scattering everywhere.People looked crazy and they enjoyed the free atmosphere like in carnival.Besides,people always found stars to smoke marijuana or take cocaine in nose.Obviously,it was not fresh for them to take drugs.But the truth what makes people scared is that stars generally believe that taking drugs makes them more easily to be accepted to the public.
Kate.Moss,the supermodel,was exposed to take drugs.To our surprise,this event helped her gain more popularity.
Even someone considered she was a very strong personality.
Many western countries,like America,don't have specific legislation to prohibit taking drugs.
