Information will be transmitted to the car near the taxi driver from the passengers, the driver should be able to grab a key in the phone, and contact the passengers.
Operation more simple, young and old will use.
Simple and refreshing user interface, completely free from intrusive advertising.
Operating functions at a glance, information dissemination taxi push one go, as simple and easy as the micro-channel.Travel more convenient, rapid speech billed.
GPS automatic positioning, intelligent recommendation destination, refused to cumbersome input.
Supports both voice billing, just say the place to go, the software will identify the position to go to locate the current location and displays nearby taxi information, anytime, anywhere easy taxi.
Communication more smooth, easy docking drivers passengers.
After riding both sides assessment, sound credit evaluation system, taxi travel more assured.
Different people have different opinions about this topic.
As far as I am concerned, I think mobile phones are good for communication.
Firstly, if you want to tell someone something, you can use your mobile phone to call him that he can get the news immediately.
So you can be closer with your friends.
Secondly, when you need some help, you can call someone who you need.
If you do it, the person will know himself is important to you.
Thirdly, if you are shy, you can tell something to your parents what you want to say by your mobile phone.
When you are free, you can chat with someone that you can make more friends.
So I think mobil phones are good for communication.
The cartoon has two pictures.
They are all a man who is drowning but one is before welfare reform and the other is after welfare.
The first picture is to use a swim ring to save the man and the second is a book which said how to swim.
Above of it is some englisn and the below is a chinese proverb.
From the cartoon, we can know the way to save people and attitude.
However, it disclose some social problems, too.
It teachs us how to do not what to do.
The welfare reform may be a unfamiliar conception to most of us.
It looks very abstract too.
I think we should take special care of the poor, the sick, the young and the old people.
Last, i think we must be in favor of our government and the welfare reform will be more better.
I'm glad to hear from you and I'm writing to introduce our traditional Chinese Spring Festival.
Spring Festival is similar to Christmas, which is the most important festival of a year.
Each of us is looking forward to welcoming this magnificant fastival, especially children.
A child of your age can get pocket money and gifts while visiting relatives.
However, that's not the whole part of Spring Festival.
We have other custums before Spring Festival, such as putting up a couplet, having their floor vacuumed and cleaning their windows.
During Spring Festival, the whole family get together to have a big meal, put on firecrackers and stay up till midnight watching the Evening Party of Spring Festival.
Last but not least, this is a festival which each family member manages to have a reunion no matter where he is.
Now, I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
With the pursuit of a dream and yearning for University,I finally started my university life.
At that time,University life was a new experience for me.
As a sophomore,I deeply feel that the varieties are between high school and University,including the similarities and differences.
First of all,I want to talk about the similarities of life between the high school and the University.
In the school area,they are likely to reach the same.
As for courses,we still have morning reading and evening classes.
About the dormitory,we have eight roommates as well as my high school.
Fewer similarities does it has.
But to some degree,there are big differences between them.In high school,I had little spare time to relaxed,and I spent most of time on the study.
Under the pressure pressed by my parents,I couldn't have enough time to do what I like to do.
All the things I had done was to enter the university,so I felt tired of everything that is related to study.
Fortunately,in the college,I have more spare time to do what I want to do.
just a part of my life.
I have more chances to anticipate the activities,such as Speech contest,essay competition, Sport meeting and so on.
It makes me feel that my University life is colorful.
In the meanwhile,it is convenient for me to go to the library and broaden my horizon.
My goal has changed than my high school.
In high school,my goal is to get a good University.Now,hunting for a good job is my biggest wish.
In addition,my University is far from my home.
I came to a strange city,I come to back to my hometown twice a year;I remember when I was in high school,I went home once a week.Therefore,homesick is unavoidable and I know that the family love is precious.
At University,I learn how to get better along with others.
I also like to challenge myself,for instance,I am willing to do what I never do and overcome the difficulties during the chase of realizing my ideal.
No matter how different the life between the high school and the University is,I will set my new goal,adjust my attitude,try my best.
I believe that I will have a full University life if I pay my efforts.
I'm writing to inform you that we will have foreign language training on Octorber 27th.
In order to ensure the triumphant completion of the export order, so all staff who in charge of this order.Please attend the training punctual.
I am Gina.
I have a small but beautiful room.
I have a lot of things in my room.
My bed is blue.
And my schoolbag is under the desk.
My volleyball is under my chair.
My books and dictionary are in the bookcase.
My clock is on the desk.
There are many small boutiques on top, as well as TV and my violin is also placed on that cabinet table.
That is my favourite doll is on the bed.
I like my room very much.
Every time we open the TV,there are many TV programmes we can choose to watch,different people like different programmes.In my opinion,my favourite programme is Morality Survey.
I think Morality Survey is a good programme,it can educate us,especially to teenage,it influences our action deeply.On the other hand,it's a good way for us to know about the low.
There are some reasons I like it.In this programme,there are many examples we can watch.Of course,these examples have positive and negative,but we can learn about lots of knowledge from different examples.And the toastmaster of the programme is extremely humorous and talent,we can understand the example roundly by his resolution,through watch this programme we can introspection our society better.
All in all,I think this programme is very meaningful and helpful to us,so I like to watch it,and I think it's worth watching.
I am very glad to hear that you want to learn English .English is not easy,but is interesting.I think you will love it.Here is some advice for you.
-more,Why not write down our mistakes in our notebooks.Finally,don't forget to write down the correct answers next to the mistakes.
In a word,I really hope I can help you and I wish you success.
I am writing in resoonse to your advertisement for a tem porary position as a The salesman.I am a senior high scool.I have the ability to communicate with people and have a passion.
My hard work has the sense of responsibility ready to help others.Believe i can competent for the job.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Nowadays, with the development of economy, more and more high science and technology has steeped into our lives, which benefits us greatly.
Nevertheless, everything is a double sword.
That is, on one hand, science and technology has brought about more convenience.
On the other hand, the environment is being polluted largely.
It is a pity that the environment is subject to some potential risk which is a rather serious problem.
Environment is closely related to our daily life, and as is known to all, because of the polluted environment, some rare diseases appeared that worried us badly.
Therefore, if we can't be in harmony with it, we will suffer from some other unknown disasters.
Hopefully, that nightmare won't come true forever, else, it will be too late for us to regret.
In a word, environment risk is not worth taking.
To the society, there is no doubt that economy should be developed, but we have to balance and weigh them in advance.
It's wise that we can develop the economy to the largest extent with the lowest environment risk.
If so, we can enjoy our lives more comfortably, otherwise, it can be a tragedy.
There is a general debate nowadays about the issue that many famous sites of historical interest in China have begun or are considering charging tourists higher entry fees during peak travel seasons.
Those who favor the act believe that higher entry fees may contribute to protecting the environment and gaining more money.
However, the majority of Chinese people are against the act, claiming that most sites of historical interest are unavailable to them under this act.
As one of an ordinary college students, I express disapproval on this act.
In my opinion, the proposition of charging higher entry fees deprives many people's right of traveling.
As we know, most people only have free time during peak travel seasons.
They hope to have a great time relaxing themselves.
They long for broadening their horizon.
And they desire to have a special vacation with their family.
Once they consider the high entry fees, they halt their steps.
Take myself for example, I would visit some amazing scenery and splendid historic interest rather than stay at school.
However, whenever I decided to put my thought into practice, I was frightened by the high entry fees.
In addition, I really do not think improving entry fees is an excellent way to protect the environment and to make more money.
It is estimated that an increasing number of people prefer other approaches, such as shopping, watching TV and going to cinema, to entertain themselves because of the high entry fees.
Even if the fees per person are higher whereas the total number of tourists are declining, the general income are decreasing as well.
Furthermore, to protect our environment , we had better to enhance our consciousness but not to reduce the number of tourists.
What is more, although there is no attention to distinguish the wealth and the poor via such a way, it is inevitable to find that higher entry fees only enable the wealth to enjoy themselves during peak traveling seasons.
So we can only find wealth people in most palaces of interest.
When numerous poor people recognize they have no superfluous money to afford the fees, what they can do is just envy the wealth.
When they hear about the wealth talking about the interesting and exciting experience, they are padded with a feeling of self-abase.
Thus an invisible gap between the wealth and the poor are developed unconsciously on this act.
In short, it is all Chinese people who are entitled the right to visit sites of historical interest which is remained by our common ancestors.
We are all in expectation of widening our horizon and advancing our knowledge.
At the same time, the more tourists are coming, the more money will be earned.
By the way, we should not develop an embarrassing gap between the wealth and the poor.
One china, one dream.
In order to keep the tourism people of all people, there is no necessity to charge higher entry fees.
Chengdu is the capital of Sichuan Province, which is known as the "Heavenly State" (Tian Fu Zhi Guo).
Being the natural habitat of cute giant pandas, it is located in the west of Sichuan Basin and in the center of Chengdu Plain.
It covers a total area of 12.3 thousand square kilometres (4,749 square miles) with a population of over 11 million.Benefiting from Dujiangyan Irrigation Project which was constructed in 256 B.C., Sichuan Province is reputed as "Tian Fu Zhi Guo", literally a place richly endowed with natural resources.
Chengdu, as the capital, is extremely productive.
The Min and Tuo Rivers, two branches of the Yangtze River, connected to forty other rivers, supply an irrigation area of more than 700 square kilometres (270.27 square miles) with 150-180 million kilowatts of water.
Consisting of abundant mineral resources, the land is extremely fertile.
Located just 10km (6miles) away from downtown Chengdu, the Chengdu Panda Breeding Research Center has been created and imitated the pandas' natural habitat in order that they might have the best possible environment for rearing and breeding.
The Center cares also for other rare and endangered wild animals.
The Research Center covers an area of 560 mus (92 acres), 96% of which is verdure.
Giant pandas, lesser pandas, black-necked cranes, white storks as well as over 20 species of rare animals are fed and bred there throughout the year.
Verdant bamboo, bright flowers, fresh air, a natural hill scene and a beautiful artificial view are merged ingeniously at the base.
I hope you would have fun today and your cooperation is greatly appreciated.
College students are lack of the social practice.
We know many students graduated from good university, they have good grade, but it is difficult for them to work when they finished the college.
They only can say not do.
The increasing devoloment of the society need skilled people at dealing with complex problems.
If college students do not take part in social practice positively, they have not a good ability to create wealth.
Some people have not a good relationship with others or can not talk with them well.
They can not complete the job which is offered by their boss.
So if we want to become a useful person who live in well.
we should participate in social practice.
In my opinion, it is important for college students to join in social practice.
We will have more chance to get a job.
Because we have more experience and knowledge to undertake the task.
We will be more strong in the future life.
when i arrive at Shanghai's airplan i saw a old people slept on a chair and there're no other people.
play a game,to hear this,everyone is excited.
paintings that only a minor part of the pig,which set of painting faster,painting is well win.
to avoid pigs to draw a bit of a funny,the teacher in the next to have to look at the dole.
to the cooperation of happiness.
Nowadays,people's living standards is gradually increasings.Science and technology are advance.Computers are used wisely and wisely in the family.So,online shopping has become a fashion.
On one hands,online shopping extremely convenient and cheap for people,you needn't go to the mall.And it have a variety of style.
Compare to which is cheaper.Then,if you unsatisfied,the seller will return of merchandise and displace the new.On the other hand,online shopping also have the disadvantage.You can't try on the dress size.And the seller to poor quality goods for you,and you can't get it immediately,you need to wait two days or longer.If you always online shopping, you be indulged on.
In short,online shopping is rapier.You need make out the real fake.As the saying goes"penny wise,pound foolish".Please online shopping moderately.
Nowadays, a growing number of people, especially the younger, tend to stay indoors for most of their spare time, especially on holidays.
Some spend the majority of the time online chatting, blogging, shopping, dating or playing computer games.
Some sit with their eyes glued to the television screen, day and night.
People's opinions vary when it comes to this way of killing time.
A great number of people maintain that staying indoors is cheap, comfortable, and most importantly, very safe.
Others, however, frown upon staying indoors for too long.
They are worried that lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication with others will do harm to people's body and mind.
people in all ages, their physical conditions permitting, should be encouraged to more time outdoors .The brilliant sunshine, the pleasant green space, the interactions with other people, etc.
are all good for people's health, both physically and psychologically.
In a unstructured group, the members of the group don't express true feeling.
After hours the share together, they try to communicate each other with genuine sense, then the trust is built.
Finally, every member is acquainted by others and his own inner self .
Nowadays, telephones are becoming more and more popular in the school.
Nonetheless different people have different opinions about whatever students can be allowed to use cellphones in classrooms.
Some people think it's good for students because it's more convenient for them to contact to others.
More than anything else, parents can ensure their kids are safe.
What's more, many telephones have very useful functions, such as dictionary, alarm clock and so on.
But others are holding different ideas.
They think it does harm to students' eyesight that watch mobile phone for a long time.
Except, the students play mobile phone games or send messages will let them unable to concentrate on the learning.
If it rang during class will trouble others, too.
In my opinion every coin has two sides, the most important thing is how you use it.
If we use cellphones in the right way, it will bring convenience to us.
In the past,people in the world often threw litter carelessly.And the world become more and more dirty now.Also the water in the river become black.It's so dirty that people cannot live normally.So It's very necessary for people to protect our earth.We should be polite to everyone and help each other.we must get on well with others.We also can be a volunteer to pick up litter and introduce YangZhou to others.It's a good way to protect environment and we should take good care of flowers.
I believe if we try our best to protect our earth,the world will be much better in the further.
Everyone has their heroes in their hearts , who affects them .
These people are likely to be acquaintances , of course there may be strangers .
However , I admire one of my best friends .
Therefore , I learned a lot from her .
As time went by , we have known each other for six years up to now .
What's more , she studies remarkably well in particular math .
During the time of staying with her , firstly , I learn that it's crucial that whenever we are to keep the credit .
Secondly , I appreciate it that we are supposed to seize the opportunity to show our competence .
Thidly , she teaches me to merit time well at the moment .
If so , we can try our best to repay our parents as soon as possible .
She teaches me a lot , and I'm so glad to have such a good friend accompany in my side .
My hero is a friend of mine.
He is tall and has a couple of black eyes..
The most important is that his English is very good.
He helps me with my English.
For my English exam often failed.
After he gave me my English in English.
After this tutorial I do not have English, but also he learned number hot.
Firstly,A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited ardor.
Second,Cease to struggle and you cease to live.
Third,the difference in winning and losing is most often not quitting.
I think he is unadulterated hero.
With the rapid development of the economy,more and more people have a tendency to go travelling when they are free.At the same time,it contributes to the unpolite actions.
To begin with,it appears more common phenomenan that a lot of people throw the litter by their hand, which lead to a bad effect.What's worse,many touristes not only not obey the rule of the scene area,but also they destroy the whole beauty of scenery.In addition,some people who take their children to tour so as to make their children happy.Consequently,while these children casually write on the tree,their parents don't prevent them.Once a upon time,I accompony my parents who have retired to see sea.When we tired,I let them have a break then I assist them buy several bottle of water at random.Finally,on roaming,I put down the water into the sea as well as I do harm to the environment.
As far as I am concerned,when confronted with the bad phenomenon,we should learn to forbid it at once.Because it represents one's citivation, if we can't realize the significance of civilization,we are bound to be the out-standing person.Just as the confucius puts it 'learning without thinking leads to confusion'.
As a good colleage student,it is necessary to protect the culture of scene applying the knowledge to practice.Apart from,we should appeal to more people to correct the bad habits,even though you have do the same points.The most important is that we should learn how to respond to it.
Last but not least,it's our tradition that people should inherit civilization,and promote it rather than destroy our surroudings.Furthermore,we will creat society full of civilization in the future.Only by doing this can we make our society become better.
As we all know.
Nothing Succeeds Without a Strong will.
First When we meet the difficult time do not have to think of the giving up immediately, we should have one kind of strong will it will be able to help us to overcome difficultly.
So that we will be away from the more recent success.
Will not accomplish anything.
second.
Strong-willed person to complete the mission of the gread If you want to succeed if there is no firm will do what would not seriously, it would not be completed on one thing.
So you will not accomplish the great task.
Third, It is also the case students.
Do not study hard.
Do not become useful to the end.
If our students do not study hard, then we would not be what it will do any good as.
Summing up the above stated.
nothing succeeds without a strong will.
The picture describe a communicate between a son and father,through the son's word we can see that he focus on disposing of unclear waste,but his father said if you clean your dustbin you can do anthing.
anyone can say some great things but a few people can do it.these successful people have one common is focus on small things .
In our daily life we always image or talk some great things but we never consider how to do it.
and in my opinion this is the different between the successful people.
they always focus on small things such as the father said "if you empty the dustbin ,you can do anything".
so let's focus on small things.
it can help us to be a successful people and if we stand by finally we can stand on the top of the society.
My name is Z, from G, X Province, ending a repressed high school for three years, arrived at the free University, I was extremely excited, my personality is very outgoing, like to make friends, hobbies are basketball and computer games, hopes to spend time with like-minded friends and the enjoyment of University life.
In my understanding,the college life should be colorful,varied and erratic.But how to have a meaningful college life.
What important is the friendship.I have made a lot of new friends.
I am sure college friendships will be among the most satisfying and long-term in my life.
It's always exciting to discover how wonderfully diverse college relationships can be.Of cause,there are study,work and many more also essential.But I think you can reap the benefit from good friendship.
In the end,I hope everyone can have a meaningful college life.
Dear Professor Wang.
I'm studying for a Bachelor's degree in Chinese Literature in Hunan University.
The courses I take consist of all the required courses.electives.assignments, and a one-month teaching practice followed by a thesis in the fourth year.
I enrolled in this university at the beginning of September, 2004, and I am at the fourth year now.
In the first two years.I finished all the basic courses.
During the next two years I took courses which go deep into my specialty.
In addition.I spent a lot of my time outside class reading many relevant books and journals as my background knowledge.
Besides.I worked as a practice teacher for one month in a high school.
Now I've decided on the topic about the thesis by consulting my teacher.
And I have finished the first draft of my thesis.
So far I have been quite satisfied with the progress I've made.
Before June 2.2008.I'll finish my thesis followed by an oral argument, and then I'll be awarded a BA degree at the end of June.
This is the brief report about my study.
I'm looking forward to your earliest reply.
Dear father and mother:I'am very excited to introduce my university to you.
When i came my new school,i 'am excited alnd happy.Have many tall buildings in our school,and a big playground.My dormitory is very comfortable,and i have five roommates,they are very friendly.On weekends,i have many courses ,but they're very interesting.My teachers are very serious lectures, and care our life.I want to improve my grades in university and improve my communication skills.I also joined some clubs to enrich my after school life.
I believe I will be very happy and full of university.
With the development of economy, people pay less attention to the environmental protection.
Thus, in a way, the earth is becoming a dump.
Cities like Beijing were overspread with a heavy smog all the time.
Air pollution has become a big problem.
It reflects that people care less about environment.
We must do a good job in controlling the air pollution.
I think the best way is to evoke the consciousness of citizens.
It is we human beings that caused series of problems to the earth.
We need to let everyone know that it is of vital importance to protect the environment.
Each of us lives on the earth, so we must protect our home from being destroyed.
We can set one course called"Environmental Protection"in the school.
We should let students know the importance of protecting the environment, even if they are children.
I firmly believe that if everyone has the consciousness of conservation, the earth will be better.
In today's rapid economic development of the society, many people forgot classics.
With the development of the economy, now many people maintained different attitudes.
Some people hold the view that the classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.
On the one hand, some people hold the view that the classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.Therefore, they are to be treasured by people of all generations, ours being no exception.
However, on the other hand, many people believe that the classics represent the wisdom of the past.
As we are advancing towards the future, it is our responsibility to venture into the unknown and generate new understanding of man and nature.
In my view, the classic is also important.
After all, many classic also represents a lot of things now.
Whether it's in the past, or now, but also for the future.
Classic is called classic, because it contains a variety of characteristics.
Classic works on behalf of the past, but with the development of economy and civilization, the wisdom in our future path will still play an important role.
In retrospect, we would find that almost all the development where build up from the classic before.That is to say, we have to admire and find a new way to approach an answer for the new problems in the new era.
In my opinion, I think more and more children who are very young get fat due to less exercise.
Also, these children might eat too much sweet lead to their weight get larger and larger.
So it's very important for children to have a good diet to keep healthy.
Here is my advice.
First, the most important thing is that we need to take more exercises.
Second, what is also very necessary is that we are supposed to have a good diet.
It's very good for us to eat more fruit and vegetables after meals.
If we want to keep healthy, we will try our best to carry out our plans and follow the advice so that our body will get stronger and stronger.
Nowadays many students overlook the spelling in English Study.
The reason for this phenomenon lies in several aspects.Firstly,students don't spend much time in reading and memorizing the words they learned in the lesson carefully.Heavy study load takes much of their time.Secondly,Many of them think that reading and listening is more important in the English Study while spelling is of little use.
To change this sitution,We should begin from the following items.On one hand , the study burden to make the students assign their study time more reasonably.On the other hand,change the English study ideas of the students and let them know that the spelling is the basic skill to learn a kind of langueage and also very important.
Finally,for students themselves,they can,through other ways,make them be interested in word spelling.Only by these can we surely realize the importance of spelling and make improvement.
Recently I've camed out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
On one hand,some of them thought it useful for us to use the Internet frequently.We can get more knowledge and boarden our minds.We can communicate with our friends and share some interesting things with them as well.We can also have a rest from one day's hard working!
But on the other hand,they thought it bad for our healthy in both physically and mentally.First of all,it's bad for our eyes.Then,we can fall in playing games or chatting online.Finally,it will takes us so much time and energetic that we can't listen to the teacher carefully next day.
Recently some banks offer credit cards to college students to extend their business.
Different people hold different attitudes toward whether credit cards will do harm to college students.
In my opinion, of course, it will.
The reasons are as follows.
First, using credit cards may instigate college students purchase goods they do not really need, as a result of the overdrawing service.
Some luxuries, they even didn't use to think of buying, are purchased without thinking now, with the offering of credit cards.
What's worse, it may cause college students to get into bad habits---with the idea of "The bank will pay " , whatever they want, they will purchase without any reasonable plan.
Second, since the bank offers students credit cards to extend business, obviously the service is not free.
There are debts including a lot of interests that college students have to pay off.
It must be realized that students can't immediately find their places in the society after graduated, so the credit card debts undoubtedly will increase their burdens.
Therefore it may be true that credit card is a new trend for its conveniences, but we shouldn't ignore the advantages it brings.
I am W. Hearing about your topic whether middle school students can bring mobile phones to school, I want to say something about it.
First of all, there are two benefits for students to bring mobile phones to school.
One is that students can contact parents or friends easily.
Secondly, it can bring fun to the students.
Although the mobile phones can do those two things, it also has many problems.
Some students use mobile phones on class, it can interfere with the teaching.
In addition, it influences other students study.
Not only wasting time but also wasting money it is when the students use mobile phones to chat or text.
Or some students play games even cheat.
It is too bad for their studying.
So, I suggest that we shouldn't use it on class and play games even cheat.
And it is expensive, so we should keep it safely.
That is all I want to say.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of Our Chinese lunar calendar.It is one of the Chinese traditional festivals.
All of the family members will go straight home on this day.
And we will eat moon cake or admire the full moon in the evening.
We also have some other activities,such as trivial or visit friends.
Nowadays, many people can speak foreign language .
So it's necessary for our staff which can't speak foreign language to have it .That skill can help you win a large export order like me.
The training starts on October 24th, 4 to 6 pm.If you have any question,please ask me.I'm the training manager of MSN COMPANY.
Nowadays, every college graduates facing the employment choice.
Each of us has our own idea, someone choose to go to big cities, some people choose to medium and small cities.
Someone think that in big city than the medium and small city developed.
Then the transportation is very convenient.
Most of all, to work in big cities have more opportunities, higher wages.
But somebody said, to work in big city fierce competition as well as the working pressure.
What's more, big cities of high consumption.
Everything has two sides.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer to work in medium and small cities.
On one hand, medium and small cities without the noise of the big cities, medium and small cities life environment is better than big cities.
On the other hand, medium and small cities work pressure is small.
As the old saying goes"no pain, no gain"It's clear that the more you want to get the more you will pay.
Good things never come easy, hard-working is the only way to lead to success different people hold different views due to their distinct backgrounds.
Some people hold the opinion that lucky is necessary to create opportunities for people to get everything what they want to.
Lucky can provide them with more opportunities.
If a person who has enough lucky he will get good things more easily.
The others assert that lucky has nothing to do with success.
They believe that good thing never comes to so easy.
For one part, hard-working and experience are essential conditions to gain everything what they want to gain.
For another part, it's common to everybody to get everything good at the same time good things are limited.
Obviously, outstanding performance will make you well-known.
What's more, their diverse experience, along with their passion will lead them to reach a new peak.
In my opinion, I don't completely agree with one of them.
As a matter of fact, this topic is complex.
On the one hand, it can't be denied that lucky is valuable to contributed to people's goal.
In another aspect, hard-working and experience can't be ignored.
For example, when you graduated from college if you have no experience you will not find a good job easily.
It makes sense to say that good thing never comes easy.
As I know,to some students marks means everything.Because If we don't have good marks,our parents might be unhappy.They may accuse us.Therefore,to get good marks,we should study hard and learn moreknowledge.However,at the same time,we might lose our ability to experience something.
In China,the government use the exam-oriented education to teach us.In this way,we are just like studying tool.What we can do is just listen to the teachers and receive them.Even if, we need't think by ourselves.So we might lose many chances to start work by ourselves and experience science project.
oppositely,if we have experiences,we practice,during this process,we will learn more than just listen to the teachers and receive them.Not only we have thinked,but also we have got to the work.Throwing ourselves into the experience.
So "Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
It is known to all of us that no one can survive permanently.So,death with which we have to confront is worth considering deeply.Are you afraid of death?
In my mind,death is terrified to me ,because I haven't fore ware how my life would be when I lived.
As is going to say that it is not how many years we live,but rather what we do with them which occurs to me strongly.Even if you live more than eighty years old or ninety,you contribute nothing to the world then you are useless.We need more spiritual life instead of only body.Body just mean that you are live in the world.Taking Nobel for an example ,though he dead in a very young age,his creative and brave spirituals have impressed us.Setting the Noble Prise is a memory of him .Time has gone so many years,the Nobel Prize still have greatly influence.His life is meaningful and it is worthwhile for him to be born in the world.In terms of life,we should paint our lives colorful and d a lot with the years when we live.
To sum up,death is not terrified ,what is terrified truly is how we treat our life and how to live meaningful.
Food safety is essential to everyone's life.Increasing attention has been paid to it allover the world.There are many cases about food safety every year.Each country always tries their best to create a good enviroment of food safety.
In China,food safety inspection is the governmental routine work.On the one hand,the government puts a number of manpower and material resources to improve the food safety.On the other hand,the government sets up series of mechanism of rewards and punishments to encourge average people to expose everything that is dangerous to food safety.Recently,internet,with the development of computer science,is becoming a powerful weapon to supervise food safety because of its rapid spreading.
Nowadays,we must clearly realize that food safety is not someone's duty.It is publicity activities.All of us must work in unity to defend our food safety,which means life security.As is known to us,this is a hard and long-term war.It is necessary for us to be confident that wo can get the last victory.
I'd like to introduce my gorgeous hometown.
I live in Qingdao,but my hometown is in Heinan province.
Once upon a time,it was a very small village.
This is one of the most attractive places I've been to.
On each of the roads there are some big trees and flowers.
Every year there are many tourists from word of mouth.
The people in my hometown are all very enthusiastic.
When we cook something delicious to eat we would like to ask our neighbours to share.
There is a small river near my house.
But now,there is a lot of five-storey apartment block.
They've put up a lot up a lot of high-rise buildings recently.
I love my fascinating hometown.
Nowadays, a couple of students don't think highly of spelling in learning English.
There are some reasons for this phenomenon.
First, students spelling English words are too quickly, so sometimes they'll make a mistake.
In addition, learners don't understand the meaning of word clearly so that they'll forget something when they're spelling.
In order to change this situation, I think learners should pay attention to the meaning of a word and be careful to learn English.
Deeply, not only can students spell more times , but also they can remember a word by a short paragraph.
More and more students entered a university hall, in addition to joy, and more from the pressures of life, and college students is inevitable to encounter all kinds of setbacks, it is important how we treat and deal with these setbacks.
I think that college students encounter setbacks should not be blindly to escape, should consider how to address.
First of all, they have to be able to withstand, and then to find a solution according to their ability to solve, so you can exercise their own capacity and ability to solve problems.
Secondly, if they can not resolve, you should ask to the students and teachers to seek a solution.
By the time we reached the university .We started to face new life .
The campus give us a bigger stage to project our own .While we also regard ourselves as goods to introduct us to others .
So we make up our mind s to chang our lifestyle and ourselves.
But during we studied , we canshort confidence .
So we do not make ue apparent better .
We even do not make a good impression to others .
We know that being confident on campus may help you live a fruitful and enjoyable life .So it is every important to us.
But confideng deficency is a embarrass thing to us.
There is no doubt that some university students shorted confidence , when they reached on compus.
For instance , they are afarid to face to face to communicate with stranger people, especially they are teacher .
They are also afarid to do some things which they live .
they would rather stay at home than go out in their spear time .So they become feustrate.
Though we are not able to chang all thing surrounded us.
We can change ourselves.
We should encourage ourselves to communicate with others.we must belive ourselves .we cando it.
We should make us become hummorous in order to promote confidence.
from my point of view ,some student short confidence ,because they are afarid to make a mistake.
All in all, we shouid be full of confidence to challenge barrier.
Every family has a lot of housework need to do.
And everyone should learn how to do it.
In my opinion,it is very necessary for middle school students to learn it.
I usually help my parents do some simple housework,such as washing bowls,washing clothes and so on.
Sometimes,I learn cooking from my mother.
And my parents are very proud of me.
I can clean my room so good that my room is clean and tidy.
I am going to wash clothes and clean my room by myself.
We should thank for our parents not only good study but also help them to do housework.
Housework is a skill that everyone should learn it.do not wait!
Everyone's first education comes from family; but often a person's character depends on education of his childhood and the environment.
So the family education is very important to everyone.
I think a good family education should have the several aspects.
Parents do a child's role model.
When I was young my parents is our idol, we usually used to study the parent's to face things.
So compared to teach children how to do, parent strict with you is more important.
Spoil not conducive to the growth of children, so parents should give children when they make mistakes reasonable punishment.
Let the child know and encourage children to correct errors.
Positive encouragement for a child is better than negative stimulus, parents in daily life to support more children do they like.
Sometimes give them appropriate advice for their direction.
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
If the person's as a time of a day, so the family education is just like a day in the morning.
My name called Li Ming, I'm the student of you university.
Please allow me to talk with you about the sports facilities in our university.
Now, most of these sports facilities are old and shabby so that people can't use them to do sports.
For example, some rebound in the basketball courts had been broken and we just can play basketball in a small area.
Besides, because of excessive trampling, half of greensward in the football court is close to die away.
I hope these problems can attract you attention.
Doing sports is one of the way to keep healthy.
Only the health we keep can we study better in our life.
And the best locality to do sports is gym.
But the gym in our university just have the area of one floor so that at weekend there will be crowded.
So in finally, please allow me to give you some advice to make our school more beautiful.
For example, you can build a bigger gym and announce people go to gym in their space time.
Or you can improve our sports facilities and build them outside.
That all, thank you.
From the picture we can see that the percentage of college students taking part-time jobs has risen year by year.
From zero percent in 1990 to twenty-four percent in 2000,and to fifty-eight percent in 2010,the number of college students taking part-jobs more and more.
So we can know what the trend of taking part-time jobs in college students is stronger than before.
Nowadays, the social competition is very intense, so the phenomenon of college students taking part-time jobs is common.
And as far as I am concerned , the reason of causing the phenomenon is not only just for the sake of money and pass the time.
For one thing, it gives the students a chance to know the society to learn to be independent.
For another, they can also get financial reward and working experience as well, such as teaching or selling practice, which is helpful to their growth.
What's more, they can put what they have learned into practice, and know their strong and weak points so that they can improve their studies and personalities, which are beneficial in their later lives.
So I think that the reason mainly because of the intense social competition, they want to go through the social and contact perfect themselves as soon as possible.
It is beneficial to them in their later job lives.
In my opinion, I am in favor of taking a part-time job.
But we have to use of our spare time effective and keep a balance between the job and the study.
In the today's society, the blind-date shows are becoming more and more popular.
Whenever we turn on TV, those incredible scenes of blind-date shows would pop up on the screen.
We even can say that the blind-date shows just like the flood.
Many people, from teenagers to the elderly, are so crazy about these shows that they never miss a single chance to watch them.
And there are a great deal of faithful fans.
As far as I am concerned, I think there are two main reasons contribute to this phenomenon.
First,there is a serious imbalance in sex ratio in China.
More and more people stay single but they have already got official age for marriage.
And secondly, the rapid development of Chinese economy and the growing gap between rich and poor people's lifestyle, in the full of work pressure and fatigue, high prices, the high cost of living, high education fees and other economic pressure so that more young people dare not easily fall in love and get married.
In my view, I think On Blind-date Show should help people who longs for marriage to solve their problems sincerely.
Besides they should play a role in helping the young man shape the correct values instead of create buzz to raise their TV ratings.
I was happy and exciting when I stayed in my home alone.My parents was,on business in Qingdao.My parents were out.I invented my friends to come to my home.We had played computer games for a long time,we shouted and laughted when we won.In the evening,I cook the meals for my father,and they said I can be a,good cook.It's hard to get the chance,I can take care of myself,we won't depend on my parents anymore.
I am LiHua.
I am sorry to tell you that I have to go home immediately.For my mother is ill,I must look after her.If you tell the news to the teacher, I will be remarkably grateful.
I'm sorry I can't attend your speech contest.If you can get extremely grades in the game, I will be remarkably happy.Once again wish you can get positive results!
If my mom 's condition has improved, I will come back soon.Look forward to we will soon meet again.
LiHua.
He was so amazing that it was hard to forget.
When I was a child, I first saw America cartoons"Spider-Man".
I was deeply attracted by this super hero.
Spiderman's name is Peter Parker.
He lost his parents when he was very young and lived with his aunt and uncle.
Peter had a normal school life.
But because of a chance, his life became interesting.
On his journey with his classmates, he got bit by a spider.
When he got up,he found that he didn't need glasses anymore,he can jump high,climb the walls and so on.
He became very angry when he found out that his uncle was killed by the robber.
He caught the robber by his ability.
He did it so and became a guardian of the city.
Spider-Man's most important battle has been within himself: the struggle between the ordinary obligations of Peter Parker and the extraordinary responsibilities of Spider-Man.
With the emergence of Electro, Peter must confront a foe far more powerful than he.
And as his old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, Peter comes to realize that all of his enemies have one thing in common.
My parents asked me to do housework last weekend, on the morning the weekend, I got up and washed my face and brushed my teeth, my mother was in a hurry to go work, When I saw mother leave the house,I began to pick up a broom and swept the floor, and the I did the dishes and made the bed.
By 8:00,I took out the rubbish and folded the clothes.
I did the dishes and cleaned the room, I watered the flowers and took the dog for a walk.
I cleaned the window,I washed the clothes.
she asked in surprise.
"I'm so sorry, I finally understand that we need to share the housework to have a clean and comfortable home,"I replied.
To keep our library, you must return pass book a month.
You must keep the floor clean and you must be quiet.
You must take your own things when you leave.
And you must not talk with anyone inside.
You must not bring food or drinks into the library.
Library has many books and you must keep books clean.
You can gain more and more knowledge into the books.
Remember not to talk inside the library.
Books don't like any voice.
Last month, more than one hundred students admitted part in an exam in our school.
When the school announced results, in my surprise, my friend, Tom was at the top of list, but I was at the bottom of school report card.
At that time, not only Tom advised us to hard work, but also he agreed to make offers to lessons.
After that time, I am going to formulate time.
What's more, I do more exercises in order to improve my study, I decided to try my best in study, and my aim was to make progress in learning.I think studying is important for us now.
In a day,if my foreign friends come to my unversity of GUILIN.The frist of all, l will invite them to park of YUANBUOYUAN.
delicious food.Of course,if l have a chance,l will take them to the yan park to drink blake tea,l think it is very delicious.
finaly,foreign friends want to play sports and read books,so let us go to the jym to play football and basketball,In the evening,we will read the stories of ENGLISH,by read the interesting books,we will have the best friendship.
For all words,l believe we will get on well with each other.The interesting day will finish,but l will never forget it.Today l take them to visit our compus,I believe they will invite me to their compus,I wait the day.
Globalization has no doubt swept China and the western culture has inevitably invaded the primitive culture of other countries.Many Chinese people stand out to appeal to preserve Chinese traditional culture.However, i think it is strengthen rather than preserve that matters.
Culture is just like an organism.It is always a vivid and living thing which record the way people behave through external forms.
That seems to be the combination of both the previous and the present.The culture not conforming to the world major need to be changed ,or it will weaken or die out .
The reason that western culture can dominate Chinese traditional culture is only because our culture isn't strong enough.We can but be oppressed by other cultures.It is the time to maintain our cultural identity and promote the unique identity to other parts of the world.Thus we will be strong enough to prevent our culture being dominated.
Only preserve the old culture is useless .We should cherish our traditional culture and make it stronger which will prove to be the best way of the so-called preservation.
I hear that you can not to remember the words and learn English very well.
I had some advise to you.
First of all.
let us try to speak English as much as possible .It is a good way to improve your English and can make some friends .What is more what about writing down the mistakes in our note books .And do not forget to write down the correct answers next to the mistakes .
Finally try to spell and pronounce new words aloud every day.
I know your problem.
You often forget new words though you learning words by heart.
Don't worry about the new words.
I have some advice to help you.
First of all,you should read the new words aloud and spell it.
If you complete this you can use some applications which can help you remember the new words.
Such as "Hundred words cut"(literal translation).
In the end,you should re review it.
You will not know null.
Learning new words is not only difficult but also interesting.
I hope you can know it.
As is vividly revealed in the picture above,the teacher gives the boy a book of literature.Undoubtedly,the symbolic meaning subtly conveyed in the picture should be given deep consideration that reading literature can improve practical ability achievement.
Reading literature plays an increasingly essential role in our daily life.For example,we can gain knowledge and solution more problems by reading literature.Sometimes,we can take full advantage of using our time.Therefore,when it comes to study,reading literature is a very popular way of study.
In one word,for college students should read a lot of literature.Only in this way can we lay a solid foundation for our future development.
I stood indoors and saw some beautiful snowflakes floating in the sky outside the window.
The snow- covered landscape made me take my camera to take some pictures.
When I went outdoors, I found the snow had stopped already.
I used my camera to record the whole white world which was covered with snow everywhere.
I walked along the road and appreciated the view.
When I saw my foot, I found that I left some small footprints on the ground.
At that time, a man fell down in front of me because of the heavy snow.
I thought it might be so dangerous for the passers-by.
The ground became clean and tidy after I cleaned it the passer-by saw what I did and praised my behaviour.
They said my behaviour helped lots of people and made the environment more convenient.
It is my pleasure to do these things.
I could learn from it and know some knowledge.
As is known to us all ,at present a great number of kids have a dream that is to be a movie or singing star.
Being a movie or singing star not only can be famous but also can make so much money.For example , movie and singing stars'income is more much than Other industry professionals'income.
But some people think it a little unfair for stars to earn plenty of money.They consider it too crazy.On the other hand,someone agree it is fair for stars to earn so much.They claim that it is very difficult for stars to become famous.So stars'high income is reasonable.
In my view, I agree stars have their high income .They work around the clock.High income is obtainable for people who are working-hard.
I didn't know what to do.So I just got out of bed slowly and quietly.I lingered around in the bedroom where I heard the voice with a frightened look.I got out of the bed,the floor creaked .I walked as carefully as I could and finally reached the lamp.With the faint light of the lamp I could see Spider still standing anxiously at the door.
'I wipered at the dog.Holding the lamp tightly in my hand,I opened my door and crept into the corridors,trying not to make a sound.Now I could here the sound more clearly.Distant creaks and groans echoed eerily along the corridors.As we were moving towards the room where the noise came from, I could feel my teeth trembling terribly.The fear was like a river,flooding into my blood.
'It didn't take long before we reached the room.I took a deep breath ,and opened the door.I could not make out a thing at first when I suddenly saw something hanging on the celling of the room.My lips parted in a soundless scream-it was Spider's body,as if tied to a swing !I was utterly paralysed,not able to move.I closed my eyes,and never opened.
As is shown in the picture, with the opening and policy being carried out.
Thousands upon thousands of visitors are crowding into a foreign country.
There are many uncivilized phenomena in the tourist attractions.
The poor behavior or some Chinese has done great harm to our good reputation.
Some tourists spitting everywhere.
As a result of overcrowding caused serious heritage-breaking.
Besides, overseas Chinese is embarrassed when foreigners ask them if all Chinese shout loudly, litter or spit everywhere.
It also becomes a burden of transportation system.
China has become an important corner of the global village.
We have to understand and respect foreign cultures.
So as to get along well when having overseas trips.
Wherever you go you need to protect the environment.
In this way, you'll win respect for yourself as well as our country.
I'm very happy to introduce the Summer Palace to you.
The Summer Palace has more than two hundred years.
It Palace built in 1750 to 1764.
The Summer Palace is in Beijing,Cina.
The Summer Palace is very big and it has about 2.9 square kilometers and it has more than 3 thousand buildings.
It is a man-made wonder in the world.
There are many cultural relics.
The Summer Palace also has many interesting places, such as Kuming Lake, the long corridor, the seventeen -arch bridge Longevity Hill and so on.
The Summer Palace is mainly composed of the longevity hill and kunming lake.
In my opinion, the Summer Palace is a great place and a good place for summer.
I think it is so wonderful and beautiful that I want to visit again.
It goes without saying that the development of tourism boosts the local economy.For the sake of the substantial interests behind tourism,more and more local authorities attach great importance to this industry.
Despite the fascinating benefits,we're also confronted with severe problem due to the expanding volume of tourists.Tourism is undermining the preservation of cultural relics.
It's necessary for us to strike a balance between the advantages and disadvantages brought by tourism.For example,the government should take every measures to inform tourists that whatever harms the preservation of the cultural relics is prohibited.Still this is far from enough.As far as I know,much of the damage was not done deliberately.As for snow-capped YuLong mountain,the carbon dioxide discharged by visitors resulted in the heating of the mountain,which is melting now.The tourists volume must be restricted in some places of interests.If we pay close attention to the issue and make joint efforts,I believe we can work it out.
Sima Guang is a famous person in Chinese history.
He was very clever when he was just seven years old.
One day, Sima Guang played hide-and-seek with his friends in a yard.
Then, one of the children was so careless that he fell into a big tank that filled with water.
The child couldn't climb out by himself, and he couldn't stay in water for a long time.
Some children cried in fear, others ran out and asked for help.
Only Sima Guang thought for a while then he held up a big rock and hit the tank.
The tank broken and the water ran over.
It's not easy to do so for a senven-year-old boy.
Nonetheless Sima Guang was really clever and brave.
We should learn from him.
My first school year in college Sept.9, 2009, I official become a member of CYU.On that day in the morning, I checked in at school.
I was thinking a lot on my way to school.
Something about what's the school like.Do I get along well with my classmates and roommates?Can I adapt myself to a new environment?With a whole series of questions and longing of college, I arrived the school.At first, I fixed eyes on two beautiful teaching buildings.
I felt not bad at that moment.In the first year of my college life, I haven't taken part in any organization and corporation.Because I am afraid of interviewing.
And maybe I am shy.
I just joined Badminton Association, but I never attended the trainning.I had some shortcomings.
Such as late for class, run away the class and a bit of lazy.But thanks to my roommates, I change my shortcoming gradually.
Although sometimes we have a few contradictions each other, we're freiends forever.When I have difficulty in my study or in my daily life, you're always come to my help.Without you, I am very lonely.Because of you, my life becomes more wonderful.Thanks for your encouragement and love all the way.Wish us long live with our friendship.
As far as I'm concerned, I have learned a lot.
How to get along well with my classmates and roommates.
How to look after by myself.
How to overcome the difficulties on my own.
All doesn't come easy, I will cherish what I possess.
Looking into the future, I hope all will become better and better.
Nowadays more and more schools and teachers are seeking for some interesting teaching methods such as group study and so on.
Different people have taken different attitudes.People who hold the first view think that group cooperative learning is beneficial for our study.Many students are fed up with traditional teaching method,however,group study brings them a lot of bran-new feelings.In contrast,those who hold the opposite opinion believe that group study is not very appropriate.Group study may distract students's attentions.On the other hand,group members can't grasp the main idea as well as the teachers do.
As to me,I'm in favor of group study.We all know that two heads are better than one.Your partners can provide you with a lot of new knowledge.Meanwhile group study will help build good and lasting friendship among the group members.So I consider group cooperative learning is very good.
The firet time i travel is at the age of six to Hainan.I wnt to there by plain,and air company is air china.I went to there with my family.
Hainan is very beautiful and it was also very hot.I went to seaside.Some of people went to have a swimming.Other people went to diving.At that time,i choose go diving with my father.But I don't thank of water is too cool for me.I afraid went off ship.At last,i just took photoes in the sea.The photo is still in my badroom.
The earth knows that Hainan is rich in coconut.Coconut trees on both sides of the road.So,coconut was very cheap.I like drinking coconut juice.Coconut juice, sweet and bright, refreshing thirst.
I like travelling very much.
I'm going to travel every holiday.
I like to look at the different views of different places, different folk customs.And now I'm plan to japen in next winter holiday.
When it comes to the most unforgettable experience different people may have different opinions.
As far as I am concerned,the experience I went to Ningbo of Zhengjiang Province is the most unforgettable experience.
Last summer holiday,I went to Ningbo by bus.Ningbo is a very beautiful and modern city.
We could see all kinds of buildings which were great.
In the morning,we got to the hotel where we lived.
After breakfast we took the bus to the sea.
I could not believe my eyes,the sea was so blue and the beach was so golden.There were so many people on the beach,in the sea.
You could hear their laughter anywhere.
I enjoyed myself in the all day.
I was very happy that was the reason why I did not feel tired.
After a few days, I got a job in a company that manufactures computers.
The workshop's demand is high,everybody must wear cleanness clothing, this cloth isn't comfortable,however all the workers must work twelve hours on it.
The headman was very serious, they shouted at us in high voice and swore at us, their quality is low.One day, I work the night shift, suddenly had a stomachache.
I went to the office to asked for leave,the headman wanted me to continue working, so she didn't let me have a rest.Later,my friend heard my condition, he quit my work and sent me to the dormitory.
I lost my first work and earned money barely.
Finally, I played with my friend a few days then went home.
That summer holiday is the most unforgettable.Because I enjoy beautiful scenery,however the difficulty of earning money is the most impressive.
Form it I learned to save money and work hard in college.
At the same time I realise the value of money, life isn't easy.
We should improve ourselves to live a happy life.
In the world, there are many people who have done creative things.
Between them, the person I most adore is Barack Obama.
Obama is the first African-American President in American history .I first knew him when I was in high school .At that time, all the people were talking about him .I knew more and more about him, and I admired him increasingly too.
Obama has a painful childhood, his family was very complicated.
His father leaved his mother and him to pursue a Ph.D. degree when he was two years old.
Soon, his mother married with an Indonesier, then he followed his mother to live in Indonesia where is poor and possess many kinds of diseases for four years.
Afterwards, his mother and stepfather's marriage broke up.
Finally, he returned to Hawaii to live with his grandparents.
Because his father is black, the mother is white, he was confused by his ethnic identity, and he took drugs.
Despite his poor family, he never complained his miserable fate, he just looked on the bright side of life.
He learned opening minds, curiosity, sympathy and the love of the adventure from his mother.
He inherited pragmatism and level head from his grandmother.
His grandfather taught him enthusiasm for life and made him believe that nothing is impossible.
Be faced with authority, he never be afraid.
He is good at listening and reconciling arguments.
In the long run, his quality conquered the whole people.
Obama created a miracle in the American history.
He overcame all the difficulties in the road which lead to successful careers.
Now, I will introduce something about Western wedding.
First, the bridegroom comes in.
Second, the bride and her father walked hand in hand into the auditorium.
Father in law put her daughter's hands to the bridegroom.Third, the priest makes a speech, sincerely and stately.
Then, parents both sides make a speech so as to bless their children.
Later, the bride will throw the bouquet, which delivers the goodwill to her best friends.
After that, they exchange rings.
The bridegroom kisses the bride.
When someone was called as a mester,his achievement must be outstanding.
I want to introduce a mester that has inspired people during the world war two.He hasn't gun or other weapon.He just used his humor that expressed by acting .And up to now ,the acting of the great man still affect profoundly .
The mester is Charlie Chaplin,a actor who used nonverbal acting to made people laugh at a time when in the flames of war.So people could be more confident with thier lives.
When the English humor is everywhere,the pain in the people's heart was fix up.
Nowadays.along with the developments of times ,science and technology through to the human life!
However.just as the saying goes "every coin has its two sides".Both promote life level increases, and bring many security problems.
,we didn't have Effective drugs,so,There may be many deaths .but now.Because of science,we have had the effective drugs,we will have the strong body.
But on the other hands,science will bring some disadvantages,such as ecological pollution.noise pollution.and It can make the person becomes more and more a snob.
As far as i am concernd.We should dialectical view science.
The vast majority of college students is facing increasingly tight job market, so more and more people want to pass the exam to become government employees .
All coins have two faces,but I don't agree with this kind of behavior, I know that everyone wants to have a promising job, however, civil servants work is not for everyone.
Civil service job is stable, but the lack of creativity, lack of passion.
I think everyone should be engaged in the work you love.
They should change their attitude toward employment, they don't have to be through civil service examinations to find a job, they can, by studying the market development and special skills, so as to adapt to the demand of the market, to find their own work.
All roads lead to Rome, And I think your way to success is not necessarily to be government employees.
We haven't seen each other for a week.How is everything going?
I am writing to tell you something about upcoming Englinsh speech contest.As you know,Englinsh speech contest is coming.The students who take part in the contest are actively preparing for it.I'd like to invite you as a judge.You can give the students some suggestions.The contest will start 1:00pm to 2:00pm next thursday.
And the contest will be held in the school hall.I really want you to come.
Please come to this contest if you are available.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
I still remember my childhood when I play team-game with others.
Every time I lose, I tend to put the blame on others.
However, the passage of the time has witnessed my failure.
Gradually, I find it entirely meaningless to blame other people, environment or anything else.
Accordingly, now, I am willing to regard 'blame myself' as my motto.
On the one part, 'blame myself' is responsibility.
It is quite common for me to hear such words that 'this is no my fault'.
They react like what I used to do.
Now I can clearly realize how to keep failure in perspective when in a teamwork, in other words, blame myself.
It is my personal conviction that, in a team, every member has the duty to correct the mistake in the team on the ground that the team runs like a machine.
The member is its components.
As long as one part of the machine goes wrong, the whole machine could not work normally.
Thus, 'blame myself' should be my responsibility.
Moreover, only by this could my team get improved.
On the other part, 'blame myself' is also forgiveness.
It is evident that no one likes to make a mistake.
Therefore, we should not hold fast to the mistake others have made otherwise we will just strengthen others' sense of guilty.
On the contrary, in a team, if we could stand out and blame ourselves when a mistake made by another man occurs.
To that man, our performance is a sign of forgiveness which means we give him another opportunity to prove himself.
It is this forgiveness that could make a team more united and tolerant.
Last but not least, blame myself is a kind of salvation.
Undoubtedly, you must have directly made some mistakes.
At that time, you should courageously admit it.
In this way, you could show your resolution to correct your mistake whereas other people will tend to give you another chance to prove yourself.
In a word, what 'blame myself' will bring is not humiliation and shame, but responsibility, forgiveness and salvation.
This summer holiday,i join in the football match in Chaoyang District.It's my frist improtant match in my life,I represent our school,it's my pleasure.
We have started train since the start of term.Often went back home very late and there is not enough time to review and write.Finally,we started the match.
Because my teammates was very strong,so I've been sitting on the bench.Only a few minutes.We was not in vain.We won the match until the last and finally won the championship.
This championship waschange by our sweats, so lt's very meaningful,and also very impressive.
My English techer is a prince.
He alway found something we know but didn't pay attention to.
One day my English teacher's throat was hoarse.As a result he was difficult to speak.
So he asked us to learn by ourselves.
At the second class, He take a suger which could make his throat batter,open it,take the suger to his mouth,and stuff the trash to his pocket.Then begin to teach.
He was fond of speaking something on his opinion.
Once upon a time.He speak about wipe the blackboard .He think if everyone don't take the tool of wipe the blackboard lie on the desk.
We could save a lot of peaper and time.
We may well be surprised.
I like our English teacher.
he teach me a great deal of basis which could make me mature.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
If you don't mind, please permit me, on behalf of all my classmates, to extend my heartfelt welcome to you at the beginning of the e-mail.
Since you are about to stay in Tianjin in a long period, it's necessary to make you to have a good knowledge of the local life style.
It is because the temperature will fall rapidly in autumn, the season when you live there.
There's a suggestion that several warmer clothes is supposed to be brought with you.
As long as you are likely to get up early, there will be chance to taste the traditional Tianjin breakfast.
After all, the breakfast is the best-known due to the delicious of Youtiao, GuoBacai and so on.
Some of my classmate, owing to the interest in western culture, be expert at spoken English, so you needn't to worry about the communication difficulty.
I'd appreciate it if you could be ready for an article introducing America culture.
What a wish I have that we can overcome the culture distinction and develop our friendship as well as understanding.
With the development of our country .People become more richer.So the personal car become more and more usual.
But the cars really troubled us a lot.
Wherever you go.you will see many cars on the road.They look just like a long river around us.They cause the heavy traffic and even traffic events.And when we go out with our car.We usually spend lots of time on the road .So some times the car are not convenient to us but also waste our time .So we should not often drive our cars out.
As the number of the car increased.
They not only affect our life but also affect our healthy.With more cars on the road.The more pollution will be produced.The air pollution causes a lot of diseases.And also make our environment bad.So in order to have a better world, what should we do?
First we should walk more instead of driving our car.
Walking can also exercise our body.
Second when we go out for a long trip.
We should consider the bus first .It is cheap and also convenient .If there is no bus stop on the way.Then we drive our car.
And then I believe if you do like this.Our world will become more and more beautiful!!
Now ,a questionnaire on "ways of obtaining information" in front of us .
As can be seen from the questionnaire ,72% people access to information through television ,and 12% people rely on newspaper .As far as I'm concerned ,the newspaper is more desirable .There are many factors that may account for this choice ,but in general ,they come down to three major ones .
For one thing ,compared with the television news ,news reports is more depth which can help us acquire more information .For another ,reading newspaper is not limited by time .So we can access to information whenever we want .Perhaps the prime reason is that reading newspapers needs to activate the brain which is in favor of improving our intelligence .The television has given us too much direct information which may kill our power of thinking .
From the analyses above ,we can draw the conclusion that the newspaper is a better source of news .We'd better access to information through the newspaper .
This is a photo of my family.
I have a big family.
They are my father,my mother and I. I am a student.
The man is my father.
He is a doctor.
He is thirty-seven year old.
The woman is my mother.She is a teacher.
She is thirty-five year old and I am eleven years old.
As the saying goes,"The early bird catches the worm.
"It told us that we should be diligent.
Once,I was poor at English composition.My English teacher told me that I should accumulate my English vocabulary.
From that time,I recite English words for an hour every morning.Besides,I take English notes carefully in every English class.In that case,I made steady progress in my English composition.
As far as I am concerned,diligence is the most important factor of study.We should study as the early bird.Every day,we ought to prepare our lessons in advance.In addition,we must listen to the teacher attentively in the class.
I hold the view that the early bird catches the worm.In many times,we are just one step away from success.Deligence plays a vital role in learning.If we intend to be successful,we must be diligent.So,we should do our best to be diligent.
What I value most is my family affection.
When I was young, I was brought up by my aunt---older sister of my mother because my parents were extremely busy at that time.
She was a strict woman who always scolded her children, but we all knew that she a sharp tonquea soft heart.
She often taught me to study hard and not to act as a boy.
Although I was very naughty and no one considered that I would have a promising future, she never distrusted me, moreover, she never regretted for her pay to me.
When I was preparing for my entrance examinations to high school, she had a serious heart disease.
On hearing the news, I was unable to hold myself back to see her.
She was lying in the bed in ICU quietly.
I could not believe my eyes that she was just a bag of bones whose body was connected with all kinds of medical instruments.
Meanwhile, when she saw me, she gave me a big smile.
It is unable for her to speak.
What touched me most was that the writing she wrote in my hand: I trust you.
Although she did not overcome the disease, I believe that she has always been protecting me in a distance place, and I will try my best to reward her trust.
Death penalty has been existing for thousands of years .However ,in such a modern and civilized era,it has been a yoke for the development of society .So some people share the opinion that it is high time to abolished the death penalty .On the contrary, there are still many conservative people who are holding the opposite conviction that death penalty should be retained ,for they think that those who commit the unforgivable crimes are well-deserved the punishment of death penalty ,and they have to suffer the penalty of their crimes .
Cause I am neither a victim nor a criminal of any crimes, to show my opinion objectively ,I think the death penalty is really a step back in such a world which weighs so much on human rights .Of course ,I agree that all men are born with equal rights .However ,even in such an advanced society ,there still exist many unequal situations , in other word , we can say some cases of injustice.In the current world ,there is no country that could declare its judicial system is flawless,so sometimes it is very likely to condemn some undeserved or even innocent people to death.If this happens ,how tragical it would be ?
Therefore ,without death penalty ,this kind of tragedy will have no possibility to occur.
I agree that the death penalty could not cater to the need of society's development ,and it should be abolished.But I have to point out that though the death penalty could be prevented ,the cost of living is higher than that .Sometimes ,to leave them alive is a much more painful torture than to kill them .They are supposed to stay alive ,to compensate for the loss and pain they have caused ,and to atone for their crimes they committed instead of being killed directly.
Death penalty is not the fundamental way to solve the problem ,I think the most feasible way is to educate and persuade them,and transform them into real men useful to the society.
Hello.I'm W.I want to say my oppion about if middle-school students can bring telephone to school.
There are many advantages.For example,it will be easy to contact with our parents and friends.We can have great fun with telephone as well.
But there are also problems.First, phone calls will influence teachers and classmates.Second,using phones to send notes and chat will waste our time and money.Last,some students may play games in class or even worse,cheat during exams.That's not good.
Depending all these,I suggest students who bring phones to school should not use phones in class, don't play games and never use phones to cheat.Also,phones are not cheap,so we should take care of our phones.
Hope you will take my sugestion.
Perhaps,of all the people in a his life,a grandmother holds a special place.It is she who brings me up.
As to me,it is my great-grandmother who teaches me the wisdom of life.
She was born in the early 20th century with a head of grey hair,slightly hunching over and her face is seamed with age.She is a traditional women,having the admirable virtues.She came from a good family.My great-grandfather was a gambler and was missing when my grandfather was young.It was my great-grandmother who held up the whole family in the confusion of the times.
I was the youngest junior of hers and also her favorite.My parents was too busy with their work,nearly have time to stay with me a whole day,so I was brought up by my great-grandmother.It was my great-grandmother who was a great teacher and made me an upright,honest and warm-hearted person.She once said to me"Keep good-hearted,never give up,even if you feel hopeless and never lie.
"She told me that respect the olds even you don't like them,because what they come though is worth respecting.In some aspects,she will be strict on others.For example,she never allows others to waste food.I remembered when I was a child, every time she saw the food I was not finished in the bowl,she would criticize me.She told us we should cherish others' perspiration and fruits of labor.Consequently,I am very grateful to her of her education and her influence on me.
Now she is oldness,I am a college student.When she comes to see me,I can see the happiness through her eyes,every time I see her smiling face I have a strong feeling to filial to her as soon as possible.
That is my admirable grandmother,thrifty,considerate,strong,kind,and the wisest person that I have ever seen,even if she couldn't read.She influenced all my life and I respect her forever.Eventually,I hope my grandmother to be better.
Many people in China have not formed the habit and committed themselves to waste sorting now despite a decade of calls for waste-sorting.
They would throw their domestic garbage all into the same public containers without thinking whether they are recyclable or not .
However , I think , waste sorting is very important for us .
First of all, with recyclable waste sorted and taken out, the amount of waste will be reduced greatly and more space will thus be saved.
Otherwise ,the growing amount of garbage makes the building of more landfills , which will worsen the shortage of land .
What is more, Wasting sorting does good to our environment as disposing of the recyclable waste like plastics by burning will give off toxic smoke and pollute the air.
Therefore, we find it not hard to see the environmental and economic benefits of carrying out the practice of waste sorting.
On one hand , the amount of waste will be reduced and more space will be saved.
On the other hand, less waste means less waste transportation and treatment , and less impact on the environment .
In modern society , people produce the waste every day,and the waste become more and more seriously .People have began realized the importance of waste sorting, and done it in earlier years.
As for as I am concerned, waste sorting is a must.Because it not only can save resources but environment protection.
With the development of economy, there are many factories in our country, and we need more materials to produce many new productions as a result of developing these factories.
And we know, waste sorting are effective way to save resources.
For example, we can recycle these materials when we sort the waste to the dustbin.
Furthermore, waste sorting are good to environment protection.
There are many wastes in our daily life,and some are poisonous, they can destroy our environment when we throw them off.
Besides, the garbage can make our earth become very dirty, it can pollute the sea, the river and the land.
To sum up, we should pay high attention to the importance of waste sorting.
If we sort waste all the time, the earth's life will be much more long and the air become fresher.
Frustration is part of lift.
Failure teaches success.
I remember ,Shakespeare said,"Do not ,for one repulse,forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort".And George Bernard Shaw said,"Success covers a multitude of blunders.
College students less capacity to deal with frustration.For example,I vote for basketball.
At the beginning of,I have not voted into.I feel like giving up.
I lack patience.
On this, I think.
The first,schools should organize activity,and exercises and training student's ability,mitigation of psychological pressure .
The second , parents can teach students business experience.And then when we are in the face of frustration , we must have faith, strong ,and brave confront frustration .
In a word,it is importance of strengthening frustration education , help and guide college students to correctly appreciate frustration , establish the correct view of frustration , improve the ability to.
Nowaday,shopping online is very popular.First,it's quite convent for people to shop.
We can buy everything you need at home.You save time to do other thing.If things you want abroad,the best choice is shopping online.Second,you can get your things fastly,if you are in an emergency.Third,shopping online is very cheap.Goods in the shopping center is more expensive than on shopping online.
But every coin has two sides.The quality online is not sure.Maybe,the sellers give you wrong goods because of their careless.Maybe just a trip,only to get money.
In conclusion,we need to be wise to choose right thing and right sellers.
"Shopping online" maybe a new word for us years ago, but now, it has become a very popular words among people, especially for us young people.
Because it is safer, cheaper and more convenient than buys goods in the stores.
However, for success in shopping online, you should take a series of steps consisting of registering, choosing goods and taking over goods and paying.
First and foremost, registering yourself on the Internet.
At the very beginning, you should open account of yourself on the Internet.Then you can go to the web of taobao to apply for you ID, after you get it, you will receive your pay treasure account number, which you can buy goods through it.
Secondly, choosing goods on a great variety of stores online can be interesting.
First, you can utilize your taobao ID, entering to the taobao net to choose goods that you want to buy, you can also go to other nets, such as Amozon, dangdang and so on.
Choosing items may costs you time, but you must keep patience to paying attention to the sellers and their goods' information.
Last after you decided to have the right goods you want, you may click the 'ok' of it.
Then you should put your bank account money to the pay treasure account.
Last but not the least, you can take over your goods and pay for it.
When the seller see you pay treasure's money.
They may deliver the goods to you according the information you have put into the net of the goods.
After you receive you goods you should check them carefully to ensure the quality of them.
If they are not, you may have a change with them in two or three days.
If they are the right things, you are to paying for it by clicking 'ok' on your pay treasure account.
Hopefully, my experience may do your help in shopping online.
When we do that, we'd better to be wise and sensible.
So we could buy the right and worthy goods that we really need and enjoy shopping online.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.Switzerland is in the middle of the Europe which covers an area of forty-one thousands squire kilometres.It has a population of seven milion and five hundred thousand,so it is not a big country.The capital of Switzerland is Berne,there is also a world famous city called Geneva.
I want to go to Switzerland because it has a great view and it's called ''The World Garden''.Switzerland is next to Austra,France,Italy and Germany.Just like many other European countries,Switerland has a great producton.Such as watches,chemistery and food are all popular around the world.
I believe I will have a good time in Switzerland.
Firstly, I'm sure that I'm proud of being one of generations born in the 90s.
But now, in today's word many persons worry about us.They think we have many disadvantages.For example, we are to self because we don't like cooperation.And what's more, they also don't think we have enough perseverance.So it's easy for us to give up something that we are doing.Besides, they think we are the blind pursuit of success and too eager to succeed.These are the reasons why they don't like a generation who was born in the 90s.
Secondly, as far as I'm concerned, I think it's too arbitrary to criticize us.We also have many advantages.One of them are that we dare to face challenges.And the more advantages need you find.There are no persons perfect when they were born.
It's all content of my speech.Thank you for listening to it.
Today,English is full of our school,since small school,middleschool and hight school,English speaking is an usual for students.But lots of students can speaking very well,but can't spealing.
It is the most importent problems of students for English study,but why the things well be happend?I think there were some ways.
First,students didn't have an English envernment.The people all of use arounding,bouth spoken Chinese,no people speak English,so,we don't want to speak it.Then,English is to hard to study,the word is too hard to read and rember,and the speaking of English is too hard too.Students don't want to study it.
But how to inreord it?I think there were many ways too.T think at school,teacher and students should prove the interesting things in English,and take them spealing the word more and more.Then tow or therrw student can made up a tearm to study English.They can speaking,talking in English each other,make English homework together,and so on.Last,sutdent can come to The Great Wall,wangfujing,gugong,East dan,the place where forenger peopel lost.They can talking to the forengers,to improve the English speaking!
Nowdays,the phenomenon of fake commodities is very common.We may buy fake commodities on the street as well as on the Internet.And there are a great variety of fake commodities including fake foods,fake electronic products and luxury goods.
As is known,fake goods really do harm to us.For example,when we spend much money on some expensive goods,it is offensive to find what we have bought are faked.Without any quality assurance,fake commodities will be broken easily and we can find nowhere to fix them.What's more,fake foods are harmful to consumers' health.After having fake foods,we will get sick because of the dirty environment where they are produced and the unhealthy even poisonous raw materials.
It's essential to improve our ability to distinguish fake commodities and protecting our legal rights after buying fake commodities.
Long Long ago , I was a chilld .
I wanted to be a university student ,With time goes by , I am a university student now .
I want to be the pursuit of life enrichment in the 4 years .I don not want to have a boring life , So I should to do more things , Likes: study , movement .
I think people can not be in the most need to work and when to play .
In the college, we don not play computer games every day or sleeping every day .
We should make us to be powerful .
We are not children .Maybe Soon after we will have our children .
So we should to grow up a little .
No matter waht .
This is my plan .In simple terms.
Follow the science and technology development, military has been changed significantly.
design of Maxim machine gun in 1882, at the beginning which was during the 1893 until 1894, many soldier had be hurted by the recoil of rifle, the energy was powerful, it made soldier cannot continuous fired for long times, the combat capability went down sharply.
After that, appearance of machine gun changed the whole wafare, most of problem before has been solved.
at the same times, many countries started to prepare automatic gun, such as RPK machine gun frome Soviet Union, Browing machine gun etc.
The same principle of machine gun has been used on rifle, it combine the portability and fighting efficient, in addition it was widespread use for most countries military.
The negative point of automatic weapons that was obviously, high combat capability means high mortality, more warfare, and political struggles, business struggles.
the third world countries is orderless on the political, theoretically if arms dealers smuggles amount of automatic weapons to the rebel army, this denote escalating conflict, the worst things for government which is local warfare.
And the arms dealers reap huge interests from war.
As I think, automatic is the greatest step of world militart, it also as a double-edged sword, a intricate compound combine blood and business.
Overall I think it's positively, "War does not determine who is right, only who is left"- Burtrand Russell, people said war was everlasting, we can see how important is the weapon for National defense, decide the country survival, "In modern war, you will die as a dog for no good reason"- Ernest hemingway, If weapon was the most failed creation, warfare could be the most successful experiment.
Automatic military changed the human.
As you know,we are going to hold a seminar next week,and I want to check details for it with you.I have reserved a room at Shushan hotel and the room number is 201.And then,May I remind you to confirm the schedule with security.By the way,the Sales Manager had something to do,so he may be late.
See you soon.
It is widely acknowledged that unhealthy habits of college students has become an increasingly serious problem.
Taking a look around, one can find numerous examples with ease, staying up all night,being addicted to games.
Why such a phenomenon emerges?The reason, which is obvious to all, can be listed as follows.Firstly, college life is different from the time during senior high school.Secondly,people always do what others doing, college students are easily form a bad habit if one person have it.It will give rise to a host of severe problems if we leave the situation as it is, first and foremost,the bad habit is harmful to health.
In light of the seriousness of the problem, due attention has to be paid to this issue, in the first place,college students should be aware of the harm of the unhealthy habits and develop the realization of cultivation of good habits.With these measures taken,it is reasonable for us to believe that the problem will be solved in the near future.
As we know, we are living in a globalized world.And it goes without saying that teamwork plays a vital role in the modern society.
Firstly,we wonder that what's the meaning of teamwork?As for me,teamwork means a kind of method to work and study in our daily life.
It completed a project with several members but not individual or personality.
Next,we have to find out the benefits of  collaboration.
I suppose that team spirit offers us a platform where we can operate our collective talent to work out the best.
Only when we work effectively together can we have the best chance to achieve success.
At last,what the most important thing is that how to cooperate with each other.In my view,firstly,we should treat everyone as equal as possible,because everyone has an important effect on one team.But in the meanwhile,we should also overcome one's weaknesses by acquiring other's strong points.Next we should communicate well with others to improve efficiency.Of course what's more,sharing information is also essential,so that it can keep each other updated on new ideas.Last but not least,we must help each other to improve team spirit during the work.
Just as old saying goes,many hands make light work.In order to achieve successes,we should learn to cooperate with each other and adjust to each other.
With the deepening of cultural exchanges, more and more mix marriage.
Some person support the mix marriage, and many people oppose.
If the two has a different religion then the other one, there is a problem.
Because some religions celebrate certain holidays while others don't.
In Christianity, for example, Christians celebrate Christmas while Buddudists don't.
Eating habits can also be a problem.
One might eat certain food the other doesn't or dislike.
After all, their offspring will encounter problems too.
Childrens who are mixed are not likely to be accepted in certain areas in a community.
They often have a hard time fitting in.
Interracial marriage is not a good idea, but it is still alright to marry someone who is more different than you.
As far as I'm concerned, mix marriage can make the next generation grow very beautiful, but also can learn different cultures.
With the increased income and accumulated wealth among general public, a lot of tourism attractions witness great tourists increase in recent years, especially those of historical interests, such as the Great Wall, the Forbidden City and so on.
Having observed such a trend, a lot of historical tourism sites are considering adopting higher ticket prices.
When it comes to this issue, I am strongly against it, and reasons supporting my stand against such a practice can be divided into the following three parts.
The first thing that comes up in my mind is the nature of these tourism attractions.
Different from other tourism attractions, such as the carnival, the zoo, the amusement part, etc., which basically need further investment to maintain well operation, historical sites, as the heritage of our ancestors and the common wealth of our whole nation, which need only necessary maintenance, do not need and have no reason to charge higher entry fees.
Another important reason is that these sites also perform the function of educating the general public about the culture and history of our nation.
Higher prices during the peak season will surely influence a majority of those who are interested in the historical and cultural sense of these sites and plan to pay a visit to such tourism attractions.
And peak season also means the only tome available for those who are busy with their work or academic study in ordinary days.
In such a manner, the educational value of historical sites can not be fully realized.
Researches regarding the feelings of general travelers during the peak season usually get the results of dominant dissatisfaction, and temporarily higher price surely contributes a lot to this dissatisfactory result.
Thus we can move naturally to the third point that conducts like this will inevitably lead to a tourism industry that is not sustainable.
Simply taking money from the general citizens without providing them with better service accordingly will never produce a tourism industry that is healthy enough continue its future development.
With the above analysis, we can see the unreasonable nature of such a policy to raise ticket price of the historical tourism attractions temporarily.
Such historical sites should be operated through official fund and public support, so that these sites can well play the role of history and culture education, and more and better understanding of who we are as a cultural entity could be promoted.
Also, improved service quality, more rational outing schedules as well as balanced distribution of tourists among different destinations can only be achieved through the interaction between tourism consumers and service provides in the years to come.
There are many kinds of love in the world.Nevertheless parents love is the greatest.Since we come to this world,parents begin to love us,and until forever.
Mother's love always warm,help us in our difficult all the time.Father's love is severe,when we make mistakes can give us the correct guidance.If the mother's love is like water deep,then we can say the father's love is like a mountain of heavy.Speaking of parents,they give us so much,how to repay?
When I am very small,they told us what thing we should do,and how to do.Tell me a lot of story,let us know many.I think is they duty before.But now I think about it, that is to great.
As far as I am concerned we should use our practical action to return them,from the minor things do for them ,let us to care them.
In nowadays many people like to travel around during holidays, and there are many traveling ways to choose, one is traveling with a touring party, another one is traveling on one's self, as the so called DIY traveling.
Traveling with a party can help a person travel to more sites with a lower cost, because there are many people in the party, it can help a person make more friends and make the tourism safe.
But it also has some problems, the tour guide of the party may lead the tourists to go to the shops and force them to buy things in a very high price.
The trip may also be influenced if one can't get along well with the tourists in the party.
And for DIY tour, the tourist can enjoy more freedom, and go to everywhere he wants, but the price is higher, and it may have some dangerous.
In my own opinion, I prefer traveling with a party, because it will let me enjoy my trip easier, I don't need to care about organizing my trip and I can enjoy the sceneries more easily with the explanation of the tour guide.
Hi,Tom I'm glad to hear that you are interested in traditional Chinese festival.
The Spring festival is the most important festival in China.
It is on January 1st according to the Chinese lunar calendar.
houses.
On New Year Eve,each family will gather together eating, talking and watching TV for almost the whole night.
their parents or grand-parents.
The children can get like money.
On lunar New Year's Day.
People will eat dumplings.
half a month.
Li Hua.
Becase of a photo, many netizen paid attention to the heavy road traffic.With the increase of private cars and the phenomenon that many drivers do not allow traffic rules,more vehicles happend.
juding from the information above,many drivers and cyclists ignore the traffic lights or other vehicles and they often occupy the lanes they must not go.these are main reasons caused so many vehicles.
According to my analysis,I think it is a time of everyone that accidents will happen to drivers as well as cyclists and pedestrians.Each of us should care of others and obey the rules.Also,the government should take good measures to decrease the accidents and people have to be informed the dangerous of ignoring the rules.
Referring to our Order No.
J-29 Sales Confirmation , we are glad to tell you that all the goods you ordered have been shipped by S.S."Pearl".
The goods will be transshipped in Hong Kong.
It is cinched a deal on the basic both of cost and freight.
We have sent the Advice by fax on 15-March-2013 for your conveniently insured.
We hope that we will have a good cooperation in the future.
We all know that knowledge is a treasure, it is really important to us.
Without knowledge, we can not do many things.
Nevertheless I think practice is the key to it.
If we just have knowledge, but never apply it in our daily life, we will never know it is true or not.
For example, when we were young, we always learned some words from our parents.
We use these words to express our own feelings.
Nonetheless sometimes we can not use these words precisely.
Our parents would instruct us how to use them.
And then we practice these words again and again in our daily life.
So we can use the precise words in our life.
Without practice, we may not know how to use the knowledge.
We have knowledge, but don't know how to make use of it, just like we have a treasure but we can't open it.
The reason is that we don't have the key.
In my opinion, reading more books to get more knowledge is significant, but use our knowledge to solve the problem we have encountered problems, practice what we have got is also extremely vital.
The mobile phone has brought a great innovation to the communication modes in recent years.
step by step, its advantages and disadvantages have become the frequent topic of discussion.
In terms of the mobile phone's positive aspects, the convenience it brought stands out firstly .
Nowadays, we can get contact with our friends and family members by phones instantly rather than write letters and then wait for a long time until them are delivered to destinations.
Moreover ,mobile phones accelerate the flow of information.
It is very common to use mobile phones to search information online and write blogs,through which we can get and disseminate information immediately.
Meanwhile, scores of people choose to read e-books by mobile phones, which is cheaper and eco-friendly.
The mobile phone, however, does great harm to individuals and society at the same time.
Firstly,it damages our eyes as we always focus on its screen for a long time.
Secondly, it distracts our attention from work and study.
Speciafically,we have got used to contacting others by phones, so we always check our phones to make sure no miss calls or messages when we are woking or studying.
Last but not least, mobile phones make the whole world unstable to some extent.
Scores of people convey their biased words by sending messages widely.
What's worse, mobile phones have been one of the universal tools of defraud.
For example,many criminals imitate others voices and ask the victims'family members for money.
Undoubtedly, mobile phones are vitally important to our daily life even though they have a great deal of negative influences on individuals and society.
In one point of my view, people should be more self-disciplined and rational to avoid using phones overly and being cheated by criminals.
This cartoon is extremely ridiculous.
There is a large customer who standing there and a tailor carefully measures with a small piece of cloth.
It is obvious that the customer can not get a suitable cloth.
So this cartoon tells us that we must concerned about the reality no matter what we do.
Merely acting on one's desires, while ignoring the facts at hand, cannot lead to success.
In real life, there are a lot of things such like this.
For example, if we are ill we should take medicine.
Firstly we must make clear that what symptom we have, then asking for doctors is a good choice.
Before long, we will be healthy.
Another example, after graduating, everyone wants to find a good job.
Therefore so many students apply for a high salary job.But many of them fail to find suitable employment because there are simply not enough opportunities to accommodate such great numbers of graduates.
In fact, the job which is suitable for you is the best, and you can also obtain joyfully from it.
To sum up, whatever you do, you should consider the reality and yourself.
If you do in this way, you will succeed in the future.
In order to achieve the goal for one's future, one must make rational decisions and prepare accordingly.
In other word, customers would do well to take accurate measurements.
A small piece of cloth cannot adequately clothe a large person.
As we all know,we are what we eat.Therefore,it is important for us to form healthy eating habits.More and more teenagers have an unhealthy diet .
It is necessary for us to change it.
Since the bad habits,like particular were deteriorating drastically in China.So we should advocate to have an activity which can change this situation.
This prevent situation is bad for us.
So we ought to have a new diet that is good for teenagers.
We should eat less snacks and eat more varieties of food,like cabbage,onion ,to keep a balance.
In my opinion,eat at regular hours is also important.
If we don't attach importance to,we'll have poor constitution.
So I propose that we should protect ourselves and pay more attention to our daily diet.
