We can learn how to get long with others.
Finally, I am able to reach out to others and bridge the gap between my language and culture and theirs.
So learning English is our duty and we should try our best to do it.
And I think I can make it.
First, the graduates believe they have the abilities to do everything they want.
They want to get high salary and choose to live in big city, rather than poor areas.
When comes to this problems, there are two aspects to solve.
One hand, the government should take actions to provide more opportunities and inform the graduates where need them, then guide them how to do it.
The other hand, graduates should develop their qualities which is more essential.
I think job problem is a big problem we will confront.
We only can study hard and expand interpersonal relationships.
Exercise eloquence is important too.
Now, As we all know, It is difficult for us to look for a job in today's society.
There are more and more college students.
But there are not enough jobs for us.
Firstly, we should gain a lot of knowledge at school, then we will can accept more advantages than others.
Secondly, we should act a part-time job when we stay in school, so we can accmulate work experiences.
So, I will study hard, do many part-time jobs, and make more and more friends.
I confide if I can do those, I will come up with more jobs than others.
Everything on campus appeared particularly bright and fresh.
Most of the freshmen have difficult adjusting to university life there, so do I.
These days were filled with wonderful discoveries: new friends, courses, instructors, responsibilities and impression about the college's life.
I wandered the campus searching for my classes, experiencing the usual freshmen disorientation.
For a freshman, studying in college is a fresh but sweaty-palm life experience.
School is a microcosm of society.
In my opinion, there are three mian reasons for the popularity of blog.
First of all, blog just the same as our diary, and everyone, of cause whenever and wherever, can write what we have looked, what we have seen and what we think expediently, .
In addition, we can express our ideas more secretly, obviously, not illegal speech, because no one can recognize who you are and your real name.
However we can't deny that there are still many problems about the blog.
What's make condition worse, some people make the incorrect statement.
Conversely, online studying is attaining increasing popularity recently and it promises to be further imbedded into our daily life.
I personally believe that the use of tidal energy is a good thing to get, tidal energy is a gift of nature.
Nowadays, online shopping becomes more and more popular.
Many people like doing online shopping instead of going outside.
As we all know, if we do online shopping, it is very convenient.
We can save our time and money and find all kinds of clothes on the Internet.
Besides, we can compare the things that we want to buy with that in different shops and choose the best one.
The major advantage is that we can make purchase of things on the computer much cheaper than in the shopping mall.
However, online shopping also has many disadvantages.
For example, sometimes we need to worry about the quality of clothes, the shelf life of foods and the speed of delivery.
In my opinion, we must learn how to make it possible to enjoy the benefits while avoiding the drawbacks and what should we do.
We should see the valuation of the things if we want to buy them and research whether the things have good valuation.
Nowadays, the phenomenon of environmental pollution in lots of big cities is obviously serious, air quality becomes worse and worse.
The reasons were that cars as well as factories let poisonous gases out, and the forest had been cut immoderately.
As we all know, if we breathe in harmful things, it will lead to various diseases which do harm to our health such as lung cancer.
It is advised that the government should control the quantity of cars while banning works from pouring pollutant.
The learning of divide into groups can form good study habits and improve most students'grade.
I think it can improve the ability of the cooperative exchanges.
And let's stay the most precious gift to each other.
Her suggestion is that I should stay calm.
Every year hundreds of thousands of people in china take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
My name is S and the English name is Rainy.
I come from P.
Because sometimes I will stay at home all day and sometimes I will hang out with my friends aLKEll day.
I like reading novels very much, especially the loving story.
And my favorite music is pop music.
My motto is: look before you leap.
My favorite color is blue.
There are six people in my family, my mum, my dad, my brother, my grandparents and me.
I also like going shopping and watching soap operas.
I like ice-cream very much, but I cannot eat too much.
I have a dream that is I can travel all over the world with my parents.
I want to become a good translator.
In college, I want to make more friends and learn what I want.
I join many societies, such as the Guitar Club and so on.
And I must put more attention to spoken English.
After the complement she felt so sad.
Then she stands up.
But the fate gave her some setbacks on her way of recovering from the sadness.
Not only her leg was broken, but also her eyes off.
After 11 years of waiting, she got the chance of taking part in the 2004 Athens' Olympic Games.
Daming made a plan of his holiday.
One day, there was a boy wearing a hat wanted to buy a lot of things.
Today, he took his money which prepares to outside to buy him to want to buy.
Suddenly, he saw an old woman who sat on the Street and her clothes was very dirty and old.
He was sympathetic, immediately, he thought he had five hundred dollars, so he gave her some money.
The old woman was very grateful, actually, she was born in a wealthy family, she just got lost.
when her family found her, and she told her family all things.
Everybody had failing time .nobady in addition .
because life is colorful .
At once time sorrow and disappointed stay with me when i lose in my exam .
just like nobody around your world .
and a drowning man struggle in the water .
examination made someone happy and another was sad .
but nobody will always fail.
Fight with failure is a difficult thing.
but i think is a worthy things.
because fail will make you become more stronger .
sure .
it's same for exam .
Never say never .
you need believe yourself you can do anything what you want .
if you really effort you will got don't care another eyes .
failure isn't the most terrible thing .
Get up and wash at half past eight.
Have a healthy breakfast at a quarter to nine.
He well do his homework carefully from nine to half past ten, and then do exercise in the park for two hours at half past ten.
At twelve o'clock, he have a great lunch.
In the afternoon, from one to three, have computer class or English class.
Have a rest for one hour.
Read all kinds of books from four to six.
Eat a bit of supper at six thirty.
He want to search for the information on the internet or watch the TV programme what he likes from seven in the evening.
Put away things at eight thirty.
I think this plan is very good.
Everyday is rich.
Some people think that if we help the people who is in trouble and in the end we may not take a good result and take trouble to ourselves.
But for me, I think we should help other people.
When a people in trouble , the people most want someone can help him.
If we can help him , he most can solve the probiem .
But , if nobody help him , the problem may get more and more terrible.
Several weeks ago in a late afternoon my politics teacher was talking about contemporary history in China as usual.
It was several decades ago and my teacher was walking across a road.
Then for some reason cars began slowing down and even stopped.
At that time he was much younger and healthier.
Every time when I hear about such stories deep in my heart will soon be filled with warmness.
There are various small acts of kindness.
Perhaps the most well-known way is to leave your seat for the old when on the bus.
And to hold the door for others behind you might be equally a fine choice if you don't use public transport system frequently.
Everyone has school day .now, let us tell you solmething about my school day.
In my school day, i always get up ata half past five in the morning and i go to school at a half past six.
we usual have chinese class , math class, english class , physics class , chemistry class to learn.
And my favourite subject is chemisry because i think it very interesting and we can know many exciting things .
i do not like history class , because it have to many things to bear, i go home by bus and do my homework at a half past seven .
After school , we have many activties , such as tennis , basketball, volleyball.
every activities are exciting .
i go to bed at ten o clock after i finish my homework .
Recently, I got two concert tickets and I want to invite you to the concert.
The concert which hold by famous star----LEE is marvelous.
Hello everyone, my name is X.
 High School.
This school is very beautiful and there are many trees and flowers on the road.
My new classmates are very friendly and I think I can make friends with them soon.
The teschers are also friendly, they are also enthusiastic and humorous.
Their mathods of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High School and I think these mathods are useful and helpful for our study.
On the one hand, in the past, clashes between the establishment and students was violent.
As a result, the passion always gave rise to protests.
However, in nowadays, if we launch protects, it might be a strange activity.
The change in itself is the appearance of the reformation of social system.
On the other hand, we can contact with our family casually today.
In this era, advanced knowledge has changed the era, we are supposed to assert that in spite of the distance between our family and we students, we can communicate with each other umbilically.
Gone are the days when students rang home only once or twice a term.
While advanced knowledge shrinks the gap between students and family, it can also bring about profound issues.
Someone think online shopping very perfect, because they can go a bound of shops online.
They can find more goods .
Since academic dishonesty benefits on one, every school should attempt every means of them to prevent it .
From my point of view.
Reasons are as follows.
In recent years, the food safety problem is becoming more and more serious.
Food safety issues has brought a lot of negative influence to society and our lives.
Some people drink the milk that has been contaminated.
First, the government should set up a department to ensure the safety of food, and punishment of illegal businesses in accordance with the law.
Second, as for the producers, it is very important for them to be honest.
Third, the most important point, we must learn more knowledge about the food safety .
So let us petition all the people to focus on the food safety problem.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our question was about studying by themselves, watching TV or listening to music, playing computer games or surfing, helping with housework and exercising.
We all know that it is popular to relax by watching TV or playing computer games, but we were surprised that forty percent of them study by themselves.
I think it is good to study by themselves for most students, because there are so many tests for them.
I have a happy and comfortable life in my winter holiday.
First, I go shopping with my parents.
We purchase some sweets, cookies and fruits.
The Spring Festival is arriving.
I am extreme excited.
I wear a red uniform, red trousers and a couple of red shoes.
I get some lucky money from my parents and we go to visit our relatives.
Then, we be present at a banquet together.
I have never thought about this question.
Book was a very useful tool that was include all the knowledge you will learn in the future.
You can just stay at home, sit on the chair, and read a book for a day without someone bored you.
But well, I am not very like reading.
I like vacation, I like travell and see the sights.
You can go to visit some famous buildings.
Take some pictures as the keepsake.
And maybe you can visit the local museum and learn more knowledge if you are a history buffs.
This will be better than just stay at home and get nothing to do except reading.
Summary: Everyone has their own good way for improve his study, so both of knowledge and personal experience are very good way for improve our study.
Our side has been going on love story, but some of the story is that we will never be able to forget.
I never thought an unrelated people can give me so much care.
She was my high school at the same table.
We sat together on the first day, I think we may be very difficult to get along with.
Because I am a very relaxed person, and she feels to the person very strict.
Of course, many of my shortcomings no less by her lessons.
For example, in the morning study late, wear slippers to school, Often have no homework.
For these things I have no less quarreling with her even said some unpleasant words.
But she didn't and I quarrel.
Gradually let me feel her to my deskmate care deeply.
With her help I gradually to correct these bad habits.
For helping me with my her is much less time.
I asked her why she, she told me that because he is my deskmate.
In recent years, the domestic food security issues worrying.
For example: illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives, pesticide pollution, and so on.
Food security for society and people life to bring bad influence, Perhaps, Causing social instability and Brings to people life problem, If you want to improve food safety awareness must be behind the rules.
The first, To develop good health habits.
Second, Don't go undocumented, unlicensed stalls to buy food.
Third, To select safe, sanitary of Restaurant.
everyone has his or her own favorite way of learning.
A good teacher-student relationship will make learning enjoyable and interesting for the students and teaching worth-while for a teacher.
And teachers should encourage the students to think independently and learn to study by themselves.
It's important to listen with attention in class and it's more important to learn to raise questions and work out problems in new ways.
Nowadays, the topic of curiosity attracts more and more people's attention.
In the first place, the most popular idea is that we should spend more and more time in exploiting curiosity.
In the next place, some are inclined to the opinion that we were born with curiosity, so we shouldn't limit the curiosity.
Last but not least, 'Curiosity is the source of creativity.
Since high school my study method is not very good.
well.
I'm confident that I can succeed.
I am 22 years old, born in shandong province .
my major is Mathematics .
and i have acquired basic knowledge of my major during my school time.
In July 2010, I begin work for a small private training center as a English teather.
That is the reason why I come here to compete for this position.
Civil service exam fever is a common phenomenon in China.
I know your troubles.
I think, you should try to talk to your mother.
Maybe you will have a good conversation.
Of course, you should know that to do so is better for you.
You should also try to do better.
Sush things will not be too bad.
Your relationship will change.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
I don't like maths at all until I met Mr Green.
In my opinion, maths is a very very difficult subject.
I always got bad marks in the texts.
But when I met Mr Green, everything was changed.
I did badly in the first text.
I was so sad that I even wanted to give up maths.
That moved me a lot.
With the help of him.
Mr Green is really kind and patient.
I have many hobby.
My favourite is basketball, so I often play basketball in my free time.
And I like football too, because I play it is very wonderful.
In my free time.
I often listen to music.
I have a good friend.
He like basketball and football, too.
So we often play sports in free time.
Recently, I purchased a pair of sports shoes.
Happened, I fancy a pair of sports shoes and buy down, the number is 38, the color is white.
However, when the shoe-mail when I was dumbfounded, number 38, the color actually is my most hated.
I am very angry, for the first time in this online to make purchase goods happen.
So, I talked about the Internet and prior service.
Reads as follows, and I said that you shipped the wrong number, shoe size and color I want.
As a customer, I ask you to re-delivery number is 38, the color is white.
I hope you this shipment correctly.
With the rapid development of the science and technology, people from all over the world tend to enjoy their lives, but it led to a tough problem which happened between people practicing square dancing and neighborhood residents.
Thus, when it comes to this issue, different people have different attitudes towards it.
Some people take it for granted that everybody has their own life, you can't enjoy square dancing in the way of bothering neighborhood residents.
However, others insist that square dancing is a good way for middle-aged and elderly people to build up their bodies, they just use the daytime to practice square dancing, it can not disturb the residents of a locality.
There are some reasons to support my view.
For one thing, i think the local government ought to take much more importance to it.
As a college, we all know that the students need a quiet atmosphere to study, the throbbing dancing music drives them crazy, but everyone should benefit from the life.
Therefore, the government should take strong measures to maintain every residents' interests.
For example, the government can apply for a place where is spacious and keeps away from the residents of the locality, this is the win-win policy, maybe government can play important role in solving this tough problem.
For another, people who are against the square dancing can speak out in public, but not to threw rubbish at people dancing in a square or block the stage  of the dancers in a square, it is actually a bad action for civilizations to take.
Every one has right to do their own things, you can't stop others from doing anything by your rude behavior, or you are invading their rights.
All of us should learn to put our own feet into others shoes.
Last but not least, we have to learn to understand each other, everything in the world can not be perfect.
It is all known to us that people who practice square dancing most are middle-aged and elderly, i think they do this activity in order to build up their bodies but not for fun.
What we have discussed above, a natural conclusion can be drawn that people can not do the rude behavior to stop others doing their things.
Government is the most authoritative to look after residents' interests, serving the people and taking the measures.
every person have right, they can do anything they want to do.
Nowadays, the elderly especially pay attention to their health, of course, as children, we hope our parents have good body to company with us for a long time.
first support: I'm new student in art international program.
second support: English writing class has a lot of new words.
I can't understand some sentence.
third support: I'm very tired every time when I have took writing class.
But when I review the writing lessons I'm satisfied.
Nice to meet you all.
My name is X.
I am from T.
I think I am a quiet girl.
I like to sit quietly and quietly.
But I also like to play with you.
My interest is very extensive.
I learned the dance, the music, the fine arts.
It has been a month since I entered the university.
I fell in love with Taekwondo, and entered the school's Taekwondo Club.
I think I'll learn it well.
I also hope that I can get along with my classmates in this new environment.
Although my family has three people, I have a happy family.
My dad is a workman and driver.
He works hard everyday in order to keep our daily life.
My dad is the busiest in a year especially spring and winter.
My dad is humours and kind .
He cooking meals is very delicious.
When I was sad, my dad always utilize a great variety of ways to makes me laugh.
When I am confused about something, he can tell me many reasons and teaches me how can I do.
I remember my dad liked take me to everywhere at my childhood.
My mom is a businesswoman and open a clothes shop.
Because of it, I can wear many beautiful clothes.
I think my mom is very hard in that she cooks meals and does some housework everyday.
During the middle school, I think my mom is long-spoken.
I thankful for my parents to bring up me and thank to their contribution.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
As we all know, cars have been playing an important role in our daily life.
But everything has its two sides and it is not an expection.
First of all, it's undeniable that the cars provide a convenient way of transport for people.
The time is reduced, we can do more things and go a farther place.
On the contrary, other people have different views.
They render the following opinions.
As the growing of private cars, the air pollution index is increasing.
Personally, I believe the technology which is able to solve this problem will be appeared in the future.
A number of students have attended a lot of different kinds of association activities they like.
I like magic cube and I play it well.
So I attended Rubik's Cube Club.
I enjoy playing basketball best.
It is playing basketball that makes me stronger.
I often play basketball with my friends.
Watching English films is my favourite activities as well.
I think I can learn more new words and expressions by watching English films.
After-school activities are our best teacher we need.
So we can select some activities we like.
From next Monday, our company will carry out a new smoking policy.
Since then, you can't smoke in the office, but we will set a smoking room for the smokers.
we need to get familiar with the surroundings , establish new relations with other students and teachers, and find new methods for learning in more free time, and living on limited allowance .
Some students find balance between study and life.
while others only indulge themselves playing and enjoying much fun.
Now let me tell you why I like it best .
Switzerland is situated in the middle of Europe which has a population of 7,500,000.
The capital of Switzerland is Berne, sure, I think you kown the famous city named Geneva.
It owns a good geographical position that is next to Austria, France, Italy and German.
People call it the garden of world beacause beautiful scenaries are everywhere in Switzerland.
As we all kown, Switzerland is well-kown for its gorgeous watches which stand for wealth and identity.
To commence, reading newspapers do litttle harm to our eyes and will make profound impression for readers.
As the exam is coming, many students have symtoms like dizziness, lack of energy and they have neither a sound sleep nor a good appetite.
First of all, they are supposed to make a proper plan of revision so that they could take advantage of their limited time.
What's more, keeping a regular timetable is also of vital significance.
In addition, it's a good choice to take a warm shower and have a glass of hot milk before going to sleep because they can help them rest better.
Reading is to our life what water is to fish .
In the daily life, a person use various kinds of methods, such as going to the library, purchasing and borrowing books to do some read.
Some people are in favor of the thought that one will not read a book unless it is lent.
Nevertheless as far as I am concerned, one read a book whether it is loaned.
There are many causes for this view.
First of all, nowadays, with the growing popularity of the Internet, more and more people can read on the Internet.
Using the e-books is the more convenience and direct way to gain informations of books.
Besides, you can read a book through other ways not just only by lend.
Secondly, whatever the scholar say about a book, however unanimous they are in their praise of it and you borrowed it, unless it interests you, it is no business of yours.
During reading, an important element of reading is interests which can arouse enjoyable.
Taking the above factors into consideration, one can read a book whether it is borrowed.
Nowadays, going shopping is becoming more and more popular, even it seems to reach fashion, as a master of the flat.
Online shopping also have many benefiting.
While, it is no doubt that online shopping much have dangerous behave.
Such as, we buy something that we may don't know the quality of itself.
So in my opinion, we should have sharp eyes.
It is smart to chance for us.
Therefore, whether we will go shopping or not on there.
Along with society's development.
People's living standards become more and more high.
Nowdays many college students like to pursue famous brand, and the price is also increased with.
Fashion is the students eternal topic, famous brand for their attractive.
They except others to admire thier high class and good taste.
As far as l concerned, this dose not favor the student's psychological health growth.
After all, most of famous brands are far beyond thier consumption ability.
In the modern day people are increasingly choosing to adopt a bad lifestyle.
Obviously, a good lifestyle lead to a good health.
Some people even have an unbalanced diet.
First, we should keep a positive living attitude towards life.
We must say goodbye to the sedentary life.
Second, eating a balanced diet is also very important to our health.
Besides, we should exercise regularly.
The body is the capital of revolution.
When we are young, we may not be aware of this point.
But a health lifestyle is really important.
Nowadays, power and wealth play a more and more essential role in society.
So sometimes phenomenons without fair appear in our modern life.
Some people are condemned without sufficient evidences.
As long as there is one point is unreasonable, he will be innocent temporarily.
Although the progress of gainning proof is so long and full of difficulties, it is still an obbligato part.
In other words, each person has his own right, of course including the right for innocence.
To sum up, the principle of Innocent until prove guilty is necessary and filled with justice.
Along with the develpment of automatic, our life have been more convenient , you can almost do anything but not by yourself.
There is no doubt that convenience saves much time and energy for us, including modern transportation , office, shopping and so on.
At the same time, it leads to a unclear lifestyle, consuming natural resources which can't return back in a short time.
For example , Beijing's pollution has been serious increasingly.
Thus, a low-carbon life should be the best choice for everybody.
First of all, the behavior can reduce the discharging of carbon, if you choose a bus or a taxi or riding bikes even walking, all of them can decrease the amount of car's flood on the road.
Second, the less cars running on the road, the less traffic jams happens, people can save more time, energy and money, after all, the fossil oil is not so cheap.
Besides, it may be a better method to reduce the accidents' occuring.
As a middle school student, it is important to know what politeness means.
For example, I respecy me parents and never argue with them at home.
And I always say hello actively as soon as I get home from school, because parents will moved and rest assured.
When I visit the public museums or place, I never forget to follow the rules and when I talk with others, I always smile at them.
From this words, I think you know what you should do.
You should respect your parents and follow the rules.
In my opinion, being polite is the most basic requirement for us.
As far as we know, there is a lot of food make from illegal cooking oil.
More than that many foods mix excess chemical additives.
This is a serious problem.
In my opinion, to lead a healthy life, we should'n eat anything in sidewalk snack booth which has a terrible condition, instead of in the restaurant.
I wonder if it would be possible for us to meet outside in the People Theater at 7:30pm .
For example, the cost of decorating a mooncake box may be much more than the cost of produce four mooncakes.
It just for making the boxes look more beautiful and the customers can present them more honorable.
Network Real-name System, personal information will not leak, be other people influence.
I know how to make a good impression.
As we all know, first impression is always the most important thing when you meet a stranger.
At short time.
The other person forms an opinion about you based on your appearance.
Your manners and even your behaviours that tell them what type of person you are and your characteristic.
First of all, we have to have deep confidence in ourselves.
If you are calm and confident, the others will feel more at ease and this makes a solid foundation of a good first impression.
The second is your appearance, trying presenting yourself appropriately, start with thy way you dress.
Last but not least, the smile is very important.
Whether they are in your career or social life.
It is important to know how to make first impression.
Getting up later in the morning and working until late at night are popular in the current .
And for me , I am a member of masses who get up later in the morning and work until late at night.
Firstly, getting up later in the morning gives me a positive mood to confront what I will do with.
A positive mood is extremely essential for me to deal with the problems and get well with other people.
Also, a positive mood helps to create the harmonious climate of the work.
Secondly, working until late at night is useful for me to think about the difficulties.
Owing to an adequate and high-quality sleep, I always abound in energy to stay up.
And it is very quiet and stress-free at night so that I could keep a clear thought in my mind.
I believe it is the best way to choose our own life style, like getting up later in the morning and working until late at night .
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I can practice my spoken English while I take part in the English corner every Friday.
From the cartoon we can see that two different ways to help the drowning man.
  Welfare and Welfare Reform are apart written in two pictures.
It reflects that the welfare system should reform.
People should live independently and can't just rely on the government's welfare.
As far as I know, there are three ways to solve the problem.
First, government can build some schools that aim at the disabled person and unemployed person.
Second, the government can reduce the welfare standards.
Almost everyone in the word wants to be confident in their life.
However.
In affect, Little of us do have the quality of being self confidence.
Therefore how to be a confident man is of a great importance.
First and foremost , be positive even if you don't fell the same way, I also remember when I was young, I would like the lesson to the radio waiting for my favorite song when they played I sing along, It made me smile.
It gave me a big confidence in my life, because of I can sing the song which I like best.
So, everything can give us confidence, no matter how the thing is small or not, if we try our best to do a thing, finally, do it well, our boss or teacher encourage us, then we harvest the happiness and confidence.
Build up our confidence is so easy that if we do something that we should do.
Plant trees on the side of road, help the children and old people.
we do it and we happy and we have confidence.
On the one hand, it is our responsibility to society, on the other hand it is also our moral.
In this society, people and people have same goal is that make our relatives have a good life, they try their best to make this goal comes true, every time when they have little success they will have more confidence do it forever.
I'm l, moniter of Class One, Grade Eleven.
You can't imagine how excited I am to know you will be an exchang student in our class during the next term, which is a golden opportunity ffor both of us to draw on each other's knowledge.
In the most beautiful corner of Tianjin stands the Chenguang High School, with the delightful weather and fresh air of Tianjin providing a healthier atmosphere for us to study.
Though we usually have warm and sunny days, it can be really cold in Nov .
As an old saying goes, it would be better if we have friends from far away.
Our friendly and harmony class is ready to wait for your coming, and at the same time, I hope you will exchange the different culture in America to borden our horizon and promote our friendship.
And it's not good for him to study so tired.
Nowadays, with the development of Internet technology, Intenet has brought great convenience to us.
So it has become the indispensable element of our life.
Internet has changed human's life and the way of thinking, the scope of interpersonal communication is also enlarged.
However, every coin has two sides, many people have come to realize that it brings the trouble as well.
People more and more depends on the Internet, such as buying or selling merchandise, getting help and so on.
Like the conversation between the daughter and the father.
In fact, the father asked the question is just that cared for his daughter and wanted talk with her about her school life and know more about her.
But the daughter only asked her father to learned about her blog.
So the communication between them is interrupted.
In my view, people shouldn't excessively rely on the Internet.
We should strengthen the communication with our family, friends and others.
The Internet provides virtual space for us, if we can't control ourselves well, maybe we'll become a cyrillic, we'll become more indifferent and won't care about others.
I'm fine and we all miss you very much.
It has changed a lot since you left hometown.
A number of people have lived in flats which are not only big and spacious but also well-appointed.
They have owned telephones and bought many electric appliances, such as TVs, washing machines, fridges and so on.
The village has connected with the town by roads and villagers use tractors , trucks and cars to replace the bikes.
What's more, the school are going on a series of changes so that children can receive a better education.
In a word, our hometown is developing in a high speed and I believe it will become more affluent.
The frisst job was to sell tickets on a bus.
it needs strong body.
and this job was full of challenge for me.
this job was very difficult for me.
On the first , the weather was so terrible .
it was raining and cloudy .
I went to the ibeach and made castles with the sand .
in the afternoon I am so tired that I went to sleep early .on the last day I ate all of hainan's famous foods .
On the first , the weather was so terrible .
it was raining and cloudy .
I went to the ibeach and made castles with the sand .
in the afternoon I am so tired that I went to sleep early .on the last day I ate all of hainan's famous foods .
There are many modern facilities of education, and the quality is better.
On the other hand, countryside is far away from the polluted air made by cars and factories.
First, one has half day free every week, and every day one gets up very early and stays up late at night in the high school.
However in the college .
In university one has some other very important things to do besides study, which plays a very crucial role in the college life.
Second, in the high school, we always been told to study.
Step one is to ask yourself what you did wrong, how you can improve it.
The text tells us ten easy steps to keep our heart healthy and reduce our heart attack risk.
Second, know your blood presure, a number being even more important than cholesteol and do whatever it takes to get it down to 115/75.
Getting a little exercise and losing some belly fat is the best way.
Third, eat an ounce of nuts whatever they are raw, fresh or in a roast way a day.
Mainly beacause my English teachers.
Though did i do bad in English, they speng much time hlping me.
Apart from this reason, another reason is that everyone should grasp at least one foreign language at present.
Those who are in favor of the idea of living in big cities believe that it makes society increasingly competitive as well as accumulate experience.
However, our health may be influenced by air pollution when we are living in big cities.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer living in big cities than small cities, because I always keep positive attitude towards complicated social situation.
I realize that you tend to instruct English in China all the time.
Therefore, there have a chance.
You can come in China teach it because Qiang jin middle school require to an English teacher.
You works a term and you teach two class verbal English.
In addition, you not only have ten classes a week but you need responsible for every English after-school activity.
After you become this school teacher.
You abtain 4000$ every month and you gain a free ticket.
Last but no least, you can free it stay.
Going to college means that we will study on a higher platform, in which case, we need to polish up our academic knowledge and gain enough social skills.
As is mentioned above, professional books such as Maths, Computer, Physics, and so on, is included .
Not only will these books offer us knowledges necessary for examinations, they also broaden our horizon about the world and the society.
Honestly speaking, however, professional books are boring .
 Pride and prejudice ,  Gone with the wind and David copperfield are well-known among them.
As a result , we are able to enlarge our vocabulary and improve writing skills.
In a world , what we read should be benefit to our study , personalities or just hobbies.
Blog becomes more and more popular.
It is very convenient for most people to share, communicate and even make friends who have the same interests.
People can easily create their own blogs.
Not only can they write something about what they think or how they feel, but also they can visit others' blogs that they are interested in.
There are also some disadvantages of writing blogs.
Owing to lacking protection of the law on the line, there are something bad.
As a public media, people get information easily and acceptably.
As we all know, things also have two sides.
It depends on you how to use the blog right.
We should not be the one who does things wrong.
For the disadvantages, blog needs to be imposed, which needs the bloggers to be more self-control and be more moral.
For another, the copyright of blogers should be protected.
Some of them believe it is very beneficial to us.
For example, they think it 's not only a good way to acquire knowledge , but also open up our eyes.
Furthermore, we can share and communicate with our friends by getting online.
Last, we can play games , listen to the music on the internet as well.
However, the other people don't think so.
In the first place, it does harm to our eyes.
In the second place, we may be addicted to computer games and chatting.
Of course, every coin has two side.
In my opinion , Internet is a very available tool for people, if students can use it to know more knowledge and solve problems , students can benefit a lot from it .
If I have a chance to travel to one of the countries in the Europe, I think that I will choose to travel to Switzerland.
Switzerland is located in the centre of the Europe, it's next to the Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
It measures 41 thousand square kilometers and has a population of 7.5 million people.
Ever since Switzerland is not as big as China, the scenery of Switzerland is fanscnating.
Switzerland is called the World Garden in terms of its beautiful scenery.
Accoding to the reasons all above, I think Switzerland is worth to travelling.
After dinner, my grandparents gave us red pockets at once with a smile on their faces .
In conclusion, they said, If I were you, I wouldn't take a mobile phone with me.
Todays social networking website emerge in an endless stream various social networking sites have appeared on the computer screen .
Some people think that social networking is not ture , because social network in most cases through witten communication even now have a video chat , but still no face to face reality.
Some argue that social networking is not safe, because mang criminals can through social network sites let us be deceived .
I think no matter what kind of things have appeared , good ang bad, social networking website also is such.
In my opinion, there are some reasons about this.
First, the students′laziness lesd to cheat.
Besides, the govern of the school is not strict so that the students have courage to cheat.
It's a pity for me to hear that a university student insisted on her parents buying a trio of Apple products.
Nowadays more and more children take it for granted that their parents should meet their needs anyway.
If they can put their selves in parents' position, they can have the notion of their difficulties.
What really matters most is our passion of studying.
Nowadays, the campus is ubiquitous romantically, because many university students crave very much in seeking their love.
But when it comes to the phenomenon about the seeking of romance under the shadow.
The people I love most is my mother.
When I was 12 years old, my parents divorced.
From that year, my mother raises me alone.
She is a kind woman.
She won't force me doing anything I don't want to do.
She is generous, hard-working and forgiving.
Sometimes she is also strict to me.
When I make a mistake, she will point it out.
This lovely woman always want me to be honest, tender and gentle.
As she is a middle school teacher, people say she is respectable.
And so do I.
If I have some unhappy things, she will be a good listener.
I love you, my dear mother.
With the development of the society in china, more and more students in colleges are easy to be tempted by the surroundings.
In my point of view, it's a good policy for students.
As we all know, the number of college students is increasingly extremely fast these years.
Teachers will meet more troubles to assure the quality of education.
And nowadays college students are more optional than before.
They just do what they want to do.
A party statement said We should not let them steal our victory.
What's known to all is that , with the development of our society, aids come to people's view gradually.
Nowadays, we almost can say visual aids everywhere .
On the part of some people , visual aids are disgusting for the pollution caused by aids .
However, it's obvious that visual aids have its own unique advantages.
Well, when we are struggling to choose what is worth buying , visual aids usually show you a great object.
And when you are interesting in some wonderful presents, tools and so on, visual aids make the information on those products vivid, which is convenient for you to make wise decisions.
And the last but not least , aids can always generate much interest among the freshmen about the new things .
Of course , visual aids have plenty of advantages, which is unknown.
There are some reasons for my view.
Frist, it is the people in our lives who bring us the most happiness.
second, have none of friend is a major block to happiness.
To live life only by ourselves will bring us nothing but sadness and misery.
The last, I truly believe that the happiest people are those who are on good terms with his friends and benified a lot from friendship.
The positive proverb:  The early bird catches the worm.
First of all, we should face the new challenge everyday in that each day is a new day.
Secondly, hard work is a great habit for everyone.
So in my opinion, no pain, no gain.
Last week our English club asked students about their weenkend activites.
Our question was about weekend activites.
And 10 percent help with housework.
I think it is a good way to relax by doing exercise or helping with housework.
Exercise such as playing sports is fun , and you can spend time with your friends and your family as you play together.
And remember, Old habits die hard  .
I love traveling, but actually I haven't been to many places, neither in the country nor go abroad.
So I usually browse the web which contain many beautiful pictures about some appealing countries or cities.
Then I found a special city _ Kunming.
Located in Yunnan province, it's the capital of Yunnan, either.
This city enjoys one of the most pleasant weather in our country.
It's not very hot in summer and not extreme cold in winter.
I live in a northern city of China, when the winter comes, my home town becomes colder and colder, and I must have to wear as many clothes as I can.
So I'm eager to live in a city which has a nice weather, Kunming do it.
Because of Kunming's pleasant weather, it's also known as the city of Eternal spring.
Kunming is also the natural landscape and culture landscape and vibrant place.
There are many tourist attractions in Kunming.
One of the most famous natural landscape is Kunming lake, located at the foot of the Western Hills which is also a famous attraction.
As a bright and smooth highland lake, it's reputed as ''A pearl on the Yungui Plateau''.
The Grand View Pavilion is a typical culture landscape in Kunming.
Located at the picturesque lake's northern bank, it was built in the 29th year of Kangxi's reign in the Qing Dynasty.
Other tourist attractions include the Stone Forest, West Garden, Hill of Goddes of Mercy, etc.
At the mention of Kunming, we have to say it's local delicious food, such as Cross Bridge Rice Noodle, cool rice noodle, burnt bean curd, lemony chicken and so on.
These things attract numerous people_foreigners and Chiness alike.
When it's during Feruary's spring Festival, the city bursts into blossom.
celebrate the coming of spring with songs and dances.
Kunming now is a thriving modern city.
It's also a development of the international tourist city.
At present, it has become a center for the world Expo to collect the natural scenery and ethnic traditions as one of four seniors_tourist city destinations and more and more tourists are coming to this city.
Europe, a developed place which is full of romantic.
Switzerland is satuiated in the middle of Europe, cover an area of 4.1 square kilometers and have about 750 thousand people.
Beren, the capital of Switzerland, is known as chocolate and sweet candy.
Near the Switzerland, there are many famous countries such as Austria, France, Italy and German.
Berne is visited by many tourists each year who come to see the good scenery.
In addition, the country is also famous for its watch, chemistry and food.
The teacher also has the responsibility to pay attention to listening to students and to meet the needs of them.
Hello, my name is X.
I am not tall nor short, a little fat, and I have long hair.
My hometown is in Q city, Y Province.
My family consists of four persons.
Including my father, my mother and brother.
My father was a constriction worker.
My mother is a housewife.
My brother is in the school.
Since after the college entrance examination, I like combing the mountain and cycling.
Then I began to look for the materials , but there were no eggs , it happened that I saw through the window the hen was in the coop laying , so I let my sister to wait outside, telling her to wait for the egg.
I began to cook , but after a very long time the rice are still very hard, and I began to wonder what was wrong , why after so long time, rice was still so hard as it was row, I took out two to taste, my little sister also taste , she unexpectedly said it was very delicious, and I followed also feel very delicious, so I put the food out, in two bowls, my sister and I began happily to eat, we eated a lot, but left a bit, because I wanted let my aunt to have a taste , when my uncle finall came back and they asked if we had eated , what have we eat , I told them the whole process , after listening they began to laugh loudly, they were very surprised at our stomaches , they could digest so hard rice .
  Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, how many.
Do not worry.
I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.
Read the words when you see them, and try to use them.
Today, the mobile phone more and more.most of all is the student, in the school, mobile phone not only to used communicate, but also to used surf the internet.
In the library, a lot of people use their mobile phone entertainment, work, communicate, study.
In my opinion, use mobile phone in library must turn off your phone's sound, if not it would be trouble other which in reading.
I have many friends, but one of them who leave a good impression on me is Zhao Shunwei.
We often play together and have the same intrests such as table tennis, basketball, chess and so on.
He is careful and confident.
For example when we play table tennis, he will be concentrate on the sport and never give up.
Though he is not good for it , his enthusiasm infect me.
In my opinion, becoming the best friend needs good quality on the one hand.
At the same time , this quality affect on others.
It may be something to spark on everyone.
Having the same thinking is one of the most essential element between friends.
Suddenly, I realize that because her kids are not with her and she can only ease the loneliness when she sits in front of the mirror that she seems to talk to someone else.
Like Hocking, even though he is disabled, but he has perseverance, he is still pursuit his dream, he dinally completed the mounmental a brief history of time.
Perseverance is a great element of success.
It is easily comsily combined with other traits such as diligence and confidence to increase the chances os success.
I think that perserverance plays the greatest role in one's success.
It is a kind of tenacity, it is a kind of accumulation, is a kind of power.
As is known to all, reading increase our knowledge and understanding of the world.
It is indispensable of us to grew in life.
Books are the nutrient of the whole world.
Nowadays we can enjoy the same films, fashions, brands, advertisements and TV channels.
The evident difference between countries is disappearing.
Globalization is sweeping aside national borders and changing relations between nations.
Globalization is a fact of life and attaches much importance to human's life.
Somebody reckons that cultural globalization is cultural imperialism.
Someone thinks we have underestimated its fragility.
In fact, cultural globalization inevitably has a negative impact.
Large international companies disseminate their own culture through trading, which may cause devastating consequences on traditional culture of trading nation.
In spite of the disadvantages of globalization, the advantages of globalization far outweigh its disadvantages.
Globalization creates conditions for widening international exchanges, strengthening mutual understanding between nations, expanding cultural, educational, and scientific cooperation between nations and countries, enjoying the cultural achievements of people around the world which encourages the process of modernization and the enrichment of national culture.
Today we have a sports meeting, the weather is cloudless and warm, and we are all wild with joy.
At 8 o'clock, the sports meeting began.
When I saw my classmates got to the field, I was both excited and nervous.
When my classmates won the first prize, I held my breath andcheered for the winners.
The most exciting moment was coming in the 100-meter dash.
In spite of the fact that I didn't enter for the sports, I am still very happy, because lots of my classmates have tried their best.
In addition, any elective courses in some categories (such as literature class) allows students to experience the charm of the English language, to stimulate students' interest in learning English.
Complement the required courses to improve students' English language literacy.
I am a cheerful boy .
I hope to learn together and make progress together .
There are difficulties we help each other , do good to everyone to give encouragement .
The Spring Festival is the beginning of a new year, and everything looks new, energetic and hopeful.
Nowadays , online shopping become more and more popular and faishion .
Bcause it's very convience.
Most of people can shopping stay an home .
It is especially popular among college students and white-collars.
With development of Internet , online shopping is important in our life .
The anvantages of online shopping is obvious: It can save time for those busy with theri workor study.
Maybe the price of goods are cheaper.
Still, it has some disadvantagess.
First, we can't judge some goods weather have good quality and it is less reliable and trustworthy compared with face-to-face shopping.
seceng we can'tcue price.
There is no doubt that online shopping is a very convenient way.
As far I am concerned, in the society, people have carried out a survey on college students.
investigation of the name is  thank you  to parents.
have many college students has never said  thank you  to your parents.
college students have such reasons: for example, some college students think parents should be nice to them, this is the responsibility of the parents, there is no need to thank.
Square dancing is a new and fashionable way to relax, and it is also a good choice to exercise.
With the development of the society, people pay more attention to entertainment, So, more and more people enjoy it.
It does not need professional teachers, you can learn it by yourself.
Even many young people became a fan of it.
However, some crazy dancer are troubled neighborhood residents of the practicing square.
The citizens were suffer from the bad noise, them took some action to the square dancing.
For instance: fired a shotgun to scare away the dancer, threw rubbish to the dancer.
But, it does not work too much, on the contrary, some students are suffer from these action.
The students organized a silent protest against these action, because they need a quiet atmosphere to study.
First of all, we have to admit that the square dancing is a good way for entertainment, you can do it if you have enough time, and it is easy to learn.
Everyone has the right to enjoy it.
Absolutely, the dancer just considered about themselves.
Square dancing is really good, but it can not be the reason to disturb others without punishment.
We should dancing in the proper time, place with well organize.
Another way to solve this problem is the government should take some action.
The government should sever for us and provide a good environment for us to live better.
The government should communicate with dancers and tell them the bad effect they have been caused.
If they don not follow it just warning the crazy dancer later, if they still don not follow them, the government can take some action to punish them.
Last but not least, I think we should understand and respect each other.
A harmony society can not develop without understand and respect.
People live in this kind of society must be very disappointed.
The harmony society need every member to support.
Everyone has their own ideas towards one thing, so it is uneasy to avoid argument.
But if we don not use the proper method to deal with it, the problem can not be solve forever.
My hometown is a small village.
I went back to my hometown this summer holiday.
At the very beginning of the days, I found that some villagers threw all kinds of garbages anywhere in the street at their own will as usual.
In addition, what surprised me was that only three garbage cans could be found in the street with which I was familiar.
A lot of flies were enjoying their 'delicious food'.
The smell from garbage was so odorous that I couldn't stand it.
There are considerable reasons leading to this situation.
There is no doubt that not only the villagers but the local government lost the awareness of environmental protection.
And the government didn't build up a efficient management system about protecting environment, which indirectly caused this problem.
And now, in order not to deepen the pollution to the environment of our village, the government is equipping each street with a certain quantity of garbage cans.
In my view, the government should give full play to the supervisory role.
The government should take more efficient measures to deal with this problem.
For example, on the one hand, the government can hold some lectures about environmental protection to appeal to the villagers not to throw garbage anywhere.
On the other hand, making brochures about environmental protection may be a good idea.
For individual person, i think they should realize the importance of protecting environment.
For instance, reading book only offers us brief information, while the mobile phone can convey others which are relevant to what you want.
We take it for granted that the mobile phone plays a vital part in our life.
Nonetheless, everything has two sides, the mobile phone is not an exception.
It can easily prove that there are many persons having poor eyes because the existence of the mobile phone.
It can be said with certainty that a good eduction is pretty important nowadays.
To start with, there is no doubt that a good eduction can enrich one's mind and broad our horizon.
As we know , a good eduction not only provides you what to study, but also how to study.
What's more, a good eduction has a great influence on our job hunting.
Finding a position in a big company has always been beyond our wildest dreams.
To make the dreams come ture, a good eduction plays a key role.
In addition , it is universally acknowledged that China is a developing county .
We students to China is wha tbricks are to a building.
Her forehead was covered with a neat hair.
She has straight long hair.
The pink face with a small nose supposed a glasses.
In her class, you can feel at home watching Carton.
Coming storm , running streams, singing birds and trees, which a wonderful picture formed in your mind.
Her sound and action is so extravagant and vivid that difficultly control your imagination intend to tell you classmates what you have thought.
The class was noisy immediately.
She said I'll say again if you are talking enough.
Different families have different traditions.
Although sometimes I feel these family tradition was too harsh for me but you never know what you will get until you really do.
Strategy of expanding domestic demand's response to the Asian financial crisis of 1998.
Huge domestic demand is the continued power of China's economic development, it determines the development of China should be given priority to with domestic demand.
The difficulty and key in the consumer to expand domestic demand, the potential consumption.
All parents love their children extremely, so, they pay attention to their children every time.
Nowadays, many parents do all they can for their children.
What's more, they want to accompany their children everyday.
To help children be independent is extreme crucial.
Therefore, I have four viewpoints .
They must appreciate that there are a lot of competitions .
Second, parents should give children enough help to make them feel comfortable.
Third, parents should let his child make decisions, which can improve his ability to deal with problems.
As we all know, a child should be encouraged when he is triumphant or when he fails.
In addition, children should make a decision by themselves when they face a problem.
. However, it's impossible to ask a child not to depend on parents at once.
Only an independent person can live and succeed in this world.
So, to help children grow up healthy, parents must let children go by themselves.
Last week our English club asked student about their weekend activities.
Our question was about exercise, studying by self at home, watching TV or reading books, use of the Internet or listening to music and helping with housework.
We found that only five percent of our students exercise every day.
Ten percent help with housework.
The answers to our questions about watching TV or listening to music were also interesting.
Only five percent watches TV one to three times a week.
It is good to relax by watching TV, but I think the best way to relax is through exercise.
It is healthy for the mind or the body.
Blog is a platform where people can skim through many blogs instantaneously.
Naturally, Blog also has some bad aspects.
Such as it might be involved in personal privacy, making people harm.
In the daily flag-rising ceremony, teachers and students address-us in turn to talk about the orion of Teacher's Day.
The teacher taught how to learn, let me benefit a lot, they also teach me how to be a real man, let me know the get along with people.
in my opinion, the bif city not only place for graduates to fully develop their abilities.
He give me life, He also teach me how to be a real perpon.
He work hard in order to make me have an opportunity to accept education.
When I failed in examination I felt depressed.
He always incouraged me never gave up, and said : failure will make you try harder on the next time.
Everyone'life is filled with setback.
Once in a while, I cried out of frustration, and I like giving up , suddeny, I remembered my father, No matter what happened, He never give up, He set a expmale for me.
I know Though time never last but though people do.
So, I felt I filled with power and incouragement , I tried my best to overcome it.
I gained too much from my father.
After reading this article.
It is easy to choice a good Job nowadays.
Most of the graduates are faced with the fact that there are more job-seekes than the position offered.
In my opinion, if we choose the later is better for us.
And choose your love, the working effciency is very high.
As we know, Jack Ma was an English teacher before, he didn't have to do this job but choose become self-employed, when people are not optimistic about , his choice it what he thinks promising job.
In the end he was successful.
On the one hand, he is willing to do anything about it what he choose.
All in all, opportunities always belong to those who well -prepared.
Nowadays, shopping online is becoming more and more popular.
People begin to buy things they need online and it makes them have more time and energy.
Usually, they are rally fantastic and nice.
When we are shopping online, we may face much danger.
As college students, they have more free time for themselves to use .
But wherever they go or whatever they do, they always have their phones acompayed.
Have you ever noticed that clooege students can not be reached sa others .
They seem always busy in their own buiness, they can set their phones out of service when they do not want to be disturbed.
From my perspective, phones are useful tools for communicating.
We should have a correct attitude of it.
In the picture, we can see a teacher teach some pupils to learn a multiplication table.
But someone doubt if it's useful to us in the future when we find a job.
In my opinion, it's necessary to learn a multiplication table.
May be you will think it too easy to useless.
Of course, the thinking is mistaken.
Who want to be succeeded, must know well the most fundamental knowledge and skills.
Obviously, no matter in 17th century or at present, chocolate fully deserves the title----  the root of agony and anxiety.
Some people are of the opinion that students shall take exercise every day, while others point out that students should spend the whole school day on academic studies.
We study just to guide us a brilliant future, so we could not be bothered by the study.
No one knows for sure, and making predictions is a risky business.
For example: my work is very relax, I work 2 hours everyday.
sometimes my work keep busy all day long, but my assistant will can planning my work.
so my will very happy.
I live in a city where is beautiful.
What is known to all is that everyone has curiosity, especially the teenagers.
Because the teenagers has less experience of society, they are curious about anything that they met in the first time.
As college student, we should pay more attention to raise our curiosity.
For example, browse the web looking for interesting web sites and fascinating news when you are free, or read the book you are interested in.
As we know, the curiosity we have since we born, and curiosity can create anything we want , just like Edison invented the light bulb.
With the development of society and economy, curiosity is very important to human, it is because of curiosity that our world become more and more beautiful and science fiction.
It is up to yours.
so, the face to faceinterview is better.
If you have wrong, you must have right.
With the development of the society, great changes have happened in the past years.
As we can know, styles of living are also included.
Most people hold the view that they are supposed to live with their parents.
Firstly, it could be a good tool for them to communicate more frequently with their parents.
Furthermore, what is of great significance is that it will be more convenient for them to get some assistance.
Last but not least, if there are anything important happens, it could make them get in touch sooner.
On the contrary, someone is against the view.
On the one hand, living alone can be regarded as a good way to build our personal abilities which will exert a very essential effect on our futures.
However, as far as I'm concerned, I go for living with our parents rather than being alone.
Not only will it provide us a lot of convenience but also it plays a necessary role in strengthening our relationship with parents.
We can live happy if we know how to enjoy ourselves .
When we grow up.
We discover there are less and less things that we want to talk with our parents.
We want to think things by ourselves, We want to settle things by ourselves, We want to enjoy things by ourselves.
As far as I am concerned.
Firstly.
The reason comes from parents.
Going through the world for many years.
They think they could talk about their opinions whether it's right or not to children.
And ask their children to do everything they think they should do without asking children'view.
They do not recognize that may be the children have their own opinions.
Listening to their parents day by day.
Secondly.
The reason comes from children.
Nowadays.
Children want to solve problems in their own way.
And they do not want to get help from their parents.
If they meet some issues which are beyond their ability.
They would not talk to their parents.
Even though the parents have some good idea to solve it.
They would not buy it.
Finally.
The reason comes from times.
I think this is the most crucial reason.
Parents were born in decades before.
They think in different ways.
Which is formed by the social factors.
Children were born in modern times .
What they think.
What they talk and what they do is caused by factors of school and society.
When the two factors meet together.
In reality.
Firstly.
Parents should let their children do by themselves at the beginning.
And they can hold their right opinion.
When they find it's time to assist children.
They could offer help in indirect ways.
Secondly.
Children should listen to their parents 'words no matter right or not.
Because this is essential respect to people.
At last.
There should be more talk between parents and children.
Attitude is the most crucial.
They think that death penalty is a setback.
All men are created equal and have the right to live.
No one has the right to end it .
And the death penalty also costs a lot of money .
I went on my first trip when I was about ten years old with my parents.
That was a summer holiday.
We went to climb mountain in JiXian.
We are get to at noon.
The mountain look at very tall and big.
When we climb to the top we are all very tired.
The orchestra plays music, the guest enters the dining room, may enjoy themself to dance and drink.
Music stop, bride and the bridegroom exchange the rings.
After the newlywed cut the cake together.
The reason has three: First, lack of communicate between parents and children.
Howerer, I can't figure out the meaning of the last sentence 'As he buckled the swollen belt suddenly my groin felt the chill of death'.
Time always flies fast.
Summer holiday was the longest holiday of the year.
My summer holiday was so interesting, because I went to Beijing to travel with my family.
On the first day, we went to the Great Wall.
It's very long and old.
It has millions of bricks.
Each brick is very big and heavy.
Lost of people from different countries like climbing the Great Wall.
We felt very tired when we climbed to the top of the Great Wall.
After we also went to the summer palace, Tian'anmen Square, Xiang hill, etc.
The Great Wall is the most impressive attraction for me.
It's magnificent, very spectacular.
Give people a feeling of great momentum.
Let me admire the people who built the Great Wall.
I like travelling with my family very much.
At the same time, it can improve the relationship between family members.
Since the app We chat  has come into our life, it seems that we all depend more and more on it.
No matter when it is, we all can see our friends stick their photos on the Friends' circle  .
Switzerland, my favourite country which has the population of 7.5 million people, is situated in the center of Europe, about 4.1 square kilometres.
In Europe, Switzerland is next to Austria, France, Germany and Italy.
On one hand, it is generally agreed that it's the garden in the world because it is famous for its beautiful scenery.
And on the other hand, the country is also famous for its watches.
In my opinion, Switzerland is a fascinating country which I'm willing to visit.
Friendship is one of the greatest pleasures that we can enjoy and it plays an important part in our lives.
In my part, I'm always convinced that nothing succeeds without a strong will.
As the rudder is to a boat, so is a strong will to goals.
As we know, achieving our goals is not easy, we will meet a lot of difficulties or obstacles.
Maybe we would cry, feel disappointed, even intend to give up.
If there is a strong will in our heart at the moment, we might motivate us to hold on.
Achieving success is a long process.
As the saying goes, where there is a will, there is a way.
It adequately proved that a strong will is the most useful tool to help people success.
A miracle is not a dream and it is made by people who has a strong will.
Nowadays, more and more college sudents become obsessed with Internet.
The reason for Internet addiction of college students lie in several aspects.
First and foremost, Internet has exerted a peculiar fascination on us.
In addition, college students face fierce competition and suffer from great pressure.
Some of them turn to the virtual world to evade the problems.
From my point of view.
Internet addiction have a devastating effect on our health and lives.
We must take action to solve the problem.
First we should spend more time on our study and reduce the time on the Internet.
Secondly, we can take active participation in different kinds of activities and outdoor sports.
Traditionally, individuals share the idea that women shouldn't appear to be as smart as men.
Nevertheless, with the society developing, women gradually come to work and perform even better than men.
Different teachers have different character.
First I think a good teacher must rich in knowledge.
In this way they can answerstudents' questions correctly, and teach students what can't study in the notebooks.
Agood teacher must be well organised but don't need to be very strict and unsmiling.
Second, a good teacher should be love to talk to students, so that they can know our problems in study and help us in time.
Of course, they may be amusing and interesting, in order to make classes more active.
At last, they should kind and patient.
In one class, there are both faster students and slower ones.
I am glad to receive your letter.
Our club activities start at 3:30 on Friday afternoon.
It will last one and a half hours.
There are a lot of club activities to choose, for example, English corner, Science club, Drama club, sports club, music club and so on.
We all very love our clubs.
So we enjoyed ourselves each time.
Every Friday afternoon, we can't wait to take part in these activity.
With the fast development of our society, people are becoming increasingly blundering.
Here is a common phenomenon that people always jump to conclusion upon seeing or hearing something.
  Nowadays, many occupations are closely relate to the sentence, such as judges or lawyers.
We call for justice, fairness, publicity when in court.
  For example, John.
Curtis, a disabled man.
All the people thought he was a tragedy and many people looked down him.
Above all, there are still many examples and evidences can prove the importance of investigations and actions.
Times go by, things changes a lot.
Compared with our parents'childhood, all the thing had already changes.
Many years ago, our parents or grandparents live a simple and hard life.
They eat just potatoes, and a little race, race is very hard to get, diffrent form now.
Becuase of that, they are always in hungry.
But, there has some bad changes.
Since we have phone, we always use it talk with people or friends, we not get to meet any more.
I think it's very bad.
Becuse we can't see the face that whom we talk with, can't see his emotionse.
And we will feel far away from our friends use this way to talk for a long time, then, we'll feel longly and fall ill.
Of course, changes not only just those what i said, there changse very much.
The good, the bad things.
Many people have lost themselves, but I think it is the most important thing we cannot afford to lose.
Sometimes, they lay in a small pond quietly like a sleeping baby, surrounded by the fragrance of flowers and the twitter of birds.
That tops on our Morning Passport  .
Now he has said that he is going to appeal that ruling and if it fails, though, he is going to have only about ten days before he is sent off to Sweden.
They are putting out t- shirts and mugs and even dinner with Julian Assange to try and raise some money because he's got legal fees of something around $200,000 and things like PayPal and Visa and MasterCard are refusing to even process any of his payments.
As is known to us all, more and more aged people lives a lonely life and even some of them spent rest of their lives in this situation.
Firstly, building up a sense of responsibility is important.
Operating functions at a glance, information dissemination taxi push one go, as simple and easy as the micro-channel.
But to some degree, there are big differences between them.
In high school, my goal is to get a good University.
I came to a strange city, I come to back to my hometown twice a year; I remember when I was in high school, I went home once a week.
In order to ensure the triumphant completion of the export order, so all staff who in charge of this order.
Every time we open the TV, there are many TV programmes we can choose to watch, different people like different programmes.
I think Morality Survey is a good programme, it can educate us, especially to teenage, it influences our action deeply.
There are some reasons I like it.
In this programme, there are many examples we can watch.
