she had first impression on me deeply.
she isstrict with us.
she often asks us to mark our mistakes with red pens.
she checks our note books once a week.
And she often appreciate my classmates who do well in our tasks .
when I asks her probiems, she is always patient with me.
what is more, I am fond of her attitude to teaching styie.
Nowadays, more and more students are lack of confidence on campus.
It seems that it's a small problem, actually, it's dangerous.
Firstly, the studing shows that we can be in good emotions through physicial exercise regularly, so taking exercises can help improve our self-confidence.
Secondly, we should take part in all kinds of activities actively, because activities can enrich our life.
The computer is a wonderful machine, and it plays an essential role in our life.
On the one hand, some people use the computer to make computer crimes, and make people work unusually.
On the other hand, it is bad for your eyes to use the computer long time.
Finally, it is our duty reduce the computer problems.
I'm16 years old.
I'm a student.
This is my school day.
I get up at half past five and have breakfast on the way to school.
I go to school by bus.
In the morning.
I have four lesson.
But among them i have rest time.
I usually play basketball with the student higher then me.
I go home at half past five.
Almost of them go back home.
But I usually play basketball.
I think diligence can make up for lack of intelligence.
I do my homework at seven c'clock.
Now, in the college a lot of students are late and leave eariliy.
What's more, some students don't go to classes .
These things make us suprise.
As a college' student, we should obey the school rules.
Because it is our duty .
If we want to be a great stuent , we should obey these rules .
The result is that these rules make us not do something wrong.
So we should obey them.
As a student we should go to class on time and study hard.
For our future, our present play an improtant part.
So let us study hard and have a great college life.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, I am interested in English.
When I speak English fluently, I feel very happy.
Secondly, I am aware of the importance of English.
As we all know, English make we communicate with others fluently.
Last but not least, I can know many foreign culture when I learn English.
This helps me enlarge my horizon.
But the word observation means the act of watching somebody or something carefully for a period of time, especially to learn something.
  He paints not what he sees, but what he feels, what he tells himself about what he has seen.
Although the blind man cannot see the world through his eyes, he can feel it through hands, ears, legs and other body organ.
Secondly, we must keep our eyes open.
When I see those people in the picture , i feel so sad , because they are so thin , and they look so pain .
I think why their parents gave birth to them .
They are so painful.
If we have ability , i think we can give them help , all of us are people, we should help people who is in trouble .
I went to Beijing at the age of six.
It's my first trip.
Beijing is the capital of China.
It a beautiful city.
First day, we went to the Imperial Palace.
It's very gorgeous and big.
It's the centre of Beijing.
There are a lot of tall buildings in Beijing.
I think this trip is perfect.
If there is an opportunity, I well go there again.
Recently, there is a heated discussion about whether private car owners should be taxed for pollution.
Some regard it as effective way to control the number of cars and reduce pollution in the city.
Others don't agree to be taxed for pollution because of some reasons.
In terms of this discussion, I hold the first view.
I think it is necessary to tax for pollution.
Firstly, putting a pollution tax  on private cars, to a certain degree, will reduce the number of private car.
Because it increases the cost of car, people may consider it expensive and don't want to buy a car.
secondly, some people really have to buy a private car, however, because of the pressure of private car's pollution tax, they will choose to buy a car which has the low emmision level.
Or, sometimes they may take public transportation.
Above all, it's reasonable to tax private car owners for pollution.
Although it brings unconvenience to someone, it is really a good way to solve the environmental problem.
It is beautiful and has many green trees like spring, which matches its name.
I live in Shenyang, Liaoning, one of the northeast cities of China as well as Changchun.
Therefore, I can adapt to the new city as soon as I can.
Sometimes the morning is so cold while at noon it gets so hot.
Also we are able to communicate with a large number of native English speakers through QQ or MSN and develop new, unforgettable friendships, which is a great chance for us to improve both our oral English.
What's more, online learning removes the visual barriers that hinder us from sharing our thoughts and we are given time to reflect on the information before replying.
Generally speaking, new technology allows us to take on a magic adventure in the online world.
In my opinion the first of all teachers shouid be rich in knowledge, and strict but very friendly.
Good teacher do not means liking to give students a lot of tests.
Good teachers should talk to students as much as possible.
I think my teacher is very kind and patient, and they teach very clearly.
with the development of city and country, more and more people in country in order to have more money to work in the cities without their old parents and children.
In my opinion, the left-behind children  are very poor, each year they just have a little time together with their parents.
I think we can organize volunteers to visit them on the regular times .
On New Year's Eve, my family members got together to have a big and delicious dinner and then watch TV.
Till the 12o'clock, we ate jiaozi because it means healthy and you can keep alive in a long time.
Afther having ate jiaozi, we went out to play fireworks.
Because of my happiness, I stayed up all night.
When the next morning come, I got some money from my parents.
On the day of July 14, 2012, I boarded a train to Beijing.
I'd never go to the capital, and were very eager to go to Beijing, as the journey should be very pleased.
Nevertheless, I was very depressed.
Because I get separated from others.
and the teacher did not aware of there lost a student until I found the team with the help of a conduct.
When we finally arrived at the destination only to be told to live in the basement.
And I was assigned to the Catering Departent.
We had conducted a serious of training.
As how to fold the napkin, and how to set the table in professional standards, the correct usage of the tray, the different usage of various tableware and a variety of knowledge about etiquette, etc.
I gradually began to like catering service.
In addition to professional konwledge.
I also learned a lot of other things.
Thkans to this work I was able to come into contract with a variety of people.
It is very useful to in dealing with the relationship between people in the future.
More important for me is that I knew an example of following.
What she had taught me is the wealth of my life.
In the morning, I am visiting the Palace Museum.
It was valuable cultural relics.
I don't like reading, but I read a lot of thought.
One day, I read a book.
I read the book name  TEASING  , it is the Berenstain Bears series.
I think brother bear is good.
Though he teases siter bear, but when he tased by others, sister bear is happy.
We don't make fun of others, and don't teases others.
It is not good.
My name is Z.
I am 21 years old.
I graduated X teacher collage, I major in English education and I want to get a job as an English teacher.
I like English and children.
In the last we can held some active to past the day.
for example, we could go to the moutant.
We else could eat double-ninth cakes.
Now, we are used to travel around.
We help old men solve their problem.
I think this behave is very good.
I'm L, monitor of Class one, Grade Eleven.
As the weather in Tianjin is getting colder, it would be better if you can take some warm clothes with you.
When it comes to our class, I'm proud to tell you that we are in harmony with each other and everyone is ready to help others.
Three years ago, I went to Tibet in summer with my parents and my younger sister.
We spent two days on the way by train.
It was a long journey but it's not bored.
My first impression of Tibet was that sky is very blue and air is fresh.
When I arrived, Ihad a little headache and so unfortable that I even can't breath at first day.
Then we visited many places of scenic spot, especially the Namtso Lake.
In Tibet, I atelots of foods and I think the most delicious food is the snack of Tibet.
Thank you very much for your letter and the inclosed literature on Thursday 7 July.
Today is a fine day and it's my grandma's birthday.
I get up early and then have breakfast.
Because I believe the early bird catches the worm.
At nine, I get to my grandparents' dwelling.
When I see my grandma does housework I go there to trust her.
The sun is fatigue so he falls slowly.
Friendship mabe the most important thing in our life.
One day, I showed a new watch to my best friend.
The watch is very pretty and I like it very much.
I was very angry and I lost his temper with him.
Under the watch I found a not which said:  I'm so sorry to broke your watch, I hope you don't mad at me, I don't want to lose you.
I said sorry to him and we were closer than before.
Now I'd like to tell some of the problems occured and I put them into 5 factors.
First of all, there's so rapidly a population growth that the resources are running out.
After that, It's a great waste of energy with the over-developement in some areas.
As the population grows, water becomes less and less.
Also, air pollution makes us difficult to breathe.
There are really a lot of problems and I will offer some advices.
We should pay more attention to saving resources in order to protect the environment.
In my opinions, occupying seats substantially benefits us and meets the demand of fierce competition.
Nowadays, many people think the dressing is important for us, especially at working.
If you are an office worker, you should wear the suit.
If you are a doctor, you should wear the white gown.
If you are a shop owner, you can wear dress you like.
I think we must wear the formal dressing in office because it can give the customers a good impression.
It may make you professional, and the customer can believe what you said.
The customers can tell the attitude from your dressing.
But if we are not an office worker, we can wear the dressing which is comfortable.
Because the formal dressing is not suit for the freelancer, we can not wear it.
If we have the important time or customer, we should wear the formal dressing to express the respect for him or her.
As is known to us, smile is the best gift that the God give us.
Therefore , in our daily life we should make full use of smile to increase the happiness of human.
With the high speed development of our economy, our life quality increase, but the conversation between us is becoming less and less.
atmosphere.
The second thing, when we smile to others, we also can harvest many things, such as: happiness.
In a word, smile as an universal language plays an important role in our daily life.
We talk about what we cannot afford to lose, yes, when facing this problem.
I asked not a few students about this , their answers vary from person to person, such as health .
belief.
friend curiosity.
interest.
time.
right person.
last train home .
So what do you think about teachers' ethics.
In brief, teachers' ethics is a kind of behavior or rule to adjust the students and knowledge.
It is a kind of repution morals, kind of the general social ethics in education and growth of children.
But nowadays, a lot of teachers fail to observe it, especially in primary school.
I am a victim of it, when I was in grade one at my primary school, that it was dim morning , which i remembered it very clearly.
I feel a strong sense of difference.
just like Yan Hongyan, a very famous primary school teacher, she was well-known for multreat, the little child of her class was treated with great cruelty.
I think everything should be fixed now, and for this everybody should contribute a lot, now if you want to be a teacher, on one hand, you must learn more to enlarge your knowledge, in case your students put some strange, on another hand.
pass the college entrance examination .
I'm pround of her, she loves me all the time whatever is happening.
if i do something wrong she will be generous about me.
New years, the 2014 came to this world.
New class begin go on, I'm very happy, because Englishi writing class have a new teacher.
In twenty-first century, the rapid development of economy, people's living standards improve.
people's living standard is improving but the pressure gradually increased.
The students want to test a good fraction let teachers praise let parents happy, they often study late into the midnight.
Staff in order to get paid for over time work everyday and must be carefully and less appear problem.
Some people think that we should take good care of ourselves and do our best to rest, which can make us health, or we will regret for our wreck health.
As for the work and leisure, I think we should keep the balance between work and leisure.
When you feel tied at you business, you should have a rest or listen to music to relax yourselves, which can make you be energetic.
When you feel bored in you vacation, you can go on a trip to where you want to go, which not only can make you have a good mood but you can have better efficiency to your work.
Nowadays, more and more parents don't want to send their children to school, instead to let them recive home schooling.
Some parents think study at school give their children more pressure, because they have more homework after class, and some extra lessons, make their children unhappy .
In my opinion, I prefer study at school, because study at school we can find more fun and interesting.
And I think the important reason is build up a ralationship with other students, we should communicate with other students.
You also can learn how to help others.
What network communication to people is what sunshine to grass.
However, when it comes to the pros and cons of network communication, different people has different ideas.
Therefore when Bella told me that she got a Ph.
Therefore I said to her impatiently: I think it's good enough, please stop being so picky.
Though many of our local companies go out of business in the dash of the advanced technologies, we could learn from the developed countries and improve ourselves .
Today, there are more students and teachers who are taking the online course .
Online course not only conwenient, but also has enrich resource supply us study.
Online course let many students or other plepeo can learning more knowledge which are not pay and can't study .
We can convenient seek our we want with online course.
Use online course can rapid contact with teacher, and not direct go to find teacher.
In my opinion , i agree with online course .
Nowadays, there are some people like to show wealth on the internet.
For example, they bought brand clouths or bags.
Where thy went to travel.
What automoile they drive.
The Apple Watch, iphone6s, which are follow the trend update.
People have different views on this phenomenon, some one think it is personal pursuit, I would like to share my things with others, it does not your business.
However, somebody thinks displaying wealth on the internet unnecessary.
You displayed what others have not, it easy to bring pressure with oters.
As far as I am concerned, everyone has private freedom to display something on the internet, as long as it is suitable.
If someone display the luxurious pictures on the internet every day.
People will get bored obviously.
Study should be no national border.
our students more choice study abroad when they finish The university entrance exam.
I get it too .
However, studies shows that it brought many problems.
For instance, the teaching facilities and accomodation capacities of many colleges are limited and are unable to meet the demand for the enrolled students.
In the long run, competiion among graduates grow more bitter and bitter, the supply of university graduates exceeds social demand.
As a result, putting much pressure on transporation, housing sanitation, education, employment and so on.
Thus could result in violence and crime.
To solved the problem, I think the government is expected to implement lows and regulations to limit the exceedingly growing of the urban populaion.
In spite of all this, I am still believe that the intake expansion is of great benefit to our society.
For example, our country can keep up with the need of the job market to culiviated more qualified people to take up the jobs.
Secondly, the expansion has entitled many high school graduates to the right of receiving higher education.
I received you letter.
You almost have no friends.
You had classes or went on line at home every day, I also know you feel so lonely.
I miss you.
I want to introduce Switzerland whichi is the developed country that I appreciate most.
First of all, switzerland is located in the central of Europe, about 41 thousand kilometres.
As we all know, Switzerland is surrounded by Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
And then, Berne, the capital of Switzerland, which is the third largest city of Swirtzerland.
Anyway, Switzerland which is called the world's garden  has beautiful scenery here and there.
The most attractive thing is that it's watches, chemistry and food industry is advanced.
Through chatting, we can change our thoughts and perfect our personality.
As we know, English is used in more occasions.
More and more people communicate in English, therefore study English ie important for us.
If we want to succeed in getting bachelor's degree form university, there is no doubt that we must pass the CET4.
Thursday's writing class, teacher and we played a blind draw pigs game.
The teacher put a picture of pig paper posted on the blackboard.
We divided the students into two groups, the game draws pigs.
Draw pigs are blindfolded with an eye mask.
Each draw a part, one by one.
Because blindfolded, so listen to the next crew tips.
Finally, we set up a cartoon pig; look really pretty and Q.
we are very pleased with the.
This game let me to experience the life is not easy.
Nowadays, more and more new words have been created on the Internet.
When you surf on the Internet, you can notice many fresh words you have never seen.
Such as'geili'.
On one hand, this phenomenon is a develop of culture, on the other hand, it is the retrogress of Chinese traditional culture.
Beyond that, you can find many idioms have been distorted.
Although these fresh words made people felt fun, this may also lead a wrong attitude to people.
I have seen a report said that a girl who is a primary school student.
She failed her exam because she wrote the idiom in the form of the Internet.
This affair makes me think a lot.
People who created these new words to make fun and the net friends also make a joke of it.
As far as I am concerned, I don't think it is a good phenomenon to distort the idioms and create new words.
China is an ancient country.
Also China has its own traditional culture.
Nowadays, more and more new words are showed on the Internet.
As a teenager, what we could do is to stop its spread and broadcast our Chinese traditional culture.
Although the fresh words made us happy, we should also remember the national culture.
At that time, I was very sad and felt sorry.
As a saying goes, life is like a journey with an unknown destination.
Recently a growing number of fresh granduates find that being empioyed by a decent employer is increasingly difficult.
So somepepole consived companies shuold encourage high level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities to new generantion.
But I not really disagree with this opinion.
By the advence of medical technology people have a more and more health life, so they can do much more work than in the past.
In the next place , our country has already entered an aging society, the proportion of the elderly population is also growing.
Thirdly, the high age employees have better experience and training for their job than the new generantion.
I feel very good when I attend college for the first time.
I suppose that I'll have much free time.
The time gradually lose.
I find it difficult to make my dream come ture, because of joining in the Student's Union.
From then on, many things cling me.
Sometimes, I will take a deep breathe.
I will make a loud voice where no people here.
On the other hand, I have learned some methods that how to communicate well with teachers and classmates.
I also comfort myself that I'm tired all time, but I do some exercise and have become stronger.
Hello, my name is W, i come from X, a contemporary, beautiful city.
I'm a lovely girl.
This is the first time to Y.
It was a long journey, i spent two days to arriving here.
The train was slow, and here was no bed, just a set.
I couldn't have a good sleep.
So, when I came to ChangChun, I felt tired and sleepy.
Now, the college life begin, compared with the high school life, it is interesting.
I not only meet more friends, but also take part in more activities.
As for my study, I'm not good at English.
But I believe that if you try your best, everything can be done well.
In the end, I will adapt to the new environment quickly.
Some people remain poor state in distant mountainous of our country .
Children are not much money to go to school on time, and earthquake voicain and so on bring many diffculties and disaters .
Because people are not save nature resources and break the develop balance , which cause the volcain typhoon earthpuake break out .
In my opinion , we should help these poor and have diffculties people out and provide many foods clothes and books to them .
As we all know, drug problem has become one of the problems that people pay more attention to.
In my cognition, drugs are slow poisons which hurt people's bodies and make them be drug addicts.
It was reported that many Chinese stars were arrested and sentenced because of taking drugs.
Exposed by the media, they were discussed passionately in social life.
In China, public figures, like stars, must be right-minded, positive and moral.
People can't ignore a little darkness of their humanity.
But it is not the biggest difference.
Hollywood stars often confess that they love drugs.
They treat their behavior as a fashion.
It may be called no drug, no star.
At the new year party in Miami in 2009, there were ranks of cocaine and marijuana, scattering everywhere.
People looked crazy and they enjoyed the free atmosphere like in carnival.
Besides, people always found stars to smoke marijuana or take cocaine in nose.
Obviously, it was not fresh for them to take drugs.
Kate.
Moss, the supermodel, was exposed to take drugs.
In my opinion, drugs are more dangerous than people know.
In our country, we were imparted knowledge about banning drugs as we were children.
Drugs are illegal in China.
The legalization of anti-drugs can severely attack drug traffic and preserve people's profits.
It is said that Qu Yuan drowned himself in the Miluo River, and passed away by the dragon's trapping.
People boated to rescue him, but couldn't get a result.
World sorrow and throwed rice dumpling into the river to chase the dragon to memory him.
For thousand of years, the festival has been commemorated by eating rice dumpling and racing dragon boats.
My family is on the south of China, we eat rice dumpling on that day, too.
People all make rice dumpling themselves that day and the young men race dragon boat in my hometown, there's always crowd sightseers on the lake-shore that day.
You just need such leaves and rice to make rice dumpling, then cook it an hour, it means you can enjoy it when you feel a sweet smell from it.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a historic day in our life.
Such as shopping online is much more convenient in that it can't expend time to shopping in the malls .
Internet can provide choose online shopping can get something cheap .
But shopping online brings a lot of disadvantages.
After all, every coin has two sides .
First of all, reading provides us with a platform where we are able to have a chat with giants and the extraordinary historical figures.
Their success, failure, or meaningful experiences accummulated in their books, which in turn comes into our treature.
Moreover, books cover a wide range of knowledge.
As a consequence, there's no denying that they are absolutely necessary approaches to broaden our horizon.
In addition, it is reading that motivates our ability of thinking, learning and comprehension.
In brief, the demand of reading is in our blood, thus having no possibility of being replaced.
When I graduated from the University, I want to find one I learned the profession related work.
In fact the designer's work is very relaxed, I can drink coffe while work in computer designs.
So many people want to have this job, one can imagine my future work will be let others envy.
Nowadays, more and more people are busy doing the work.
For example, when we are having lunch, playing, sleeping, playing computer games and so on.
However, we must do lots of things what it is significant things.
In addition, many people have a rather acute sense of the shortness of each lifetime and they want every minute to count.
We know  no pain no gain,  At the same time, we should come on and let our life become very beautiful.
Different people have different thinking.
In a word, it is important to make full use of the time.
Nowadays, The Internet is used more and more widely.
More and more people, especially young people.
They communication with QQ , MSN and Weixin.
Every coin has two sides.
The advantage is that we can save time, make our communication more efficient.
The disadvantage is that we can not see real people.
It is easy to be deceived.
AT the same time, we will ignore the face to face communication with friends and our parents.
I agree with the latter opinion.
In a word, it should be noted that we should take strong actions to prevent young people.
We are students in college.
Every day, we take the lessons, acquire much knowledge.
As if we have learned many useful things every day.
Which is important, knowledge or morality.
Most of us may think that we should concentrate on our study.
But it's not true.
Morality is more important than knowledge.
But many college students don't really concentrate on it.
They who don't want to study hard only make every means to pass the final exam.
They spent lots of time playing computer games, singing songs in KTV and so on.
So they haven't thought about the morality.
According to most of us, we can infer that on the one hand, we are busy preparing for our final exam.
In a word, we should focus on the morality.
We are now living in an information age, in which TVis widely used.
With the development of science and technology, TV programme is a wide variety in our lives.
My favourite subject is history all the time, so I like that about history of TV programme.
I can understand more things about history on TV.
For example, it tells us some thing concerning former human beings' life, work and emotion, I also have a good command of the long history of China and so on.
I think through the TV can more vivid and easier to understand history.
Chinese mandarin has a long history in the world.
As the economic development, many people's lifestyle have changed.
Those people are weak.
For example, in the modern day, many people adopt a sedentary lifestyle.
They play video games and watch television while sitting, they travel while sitting, and they even work sitting.
The sedentary lifestyle will cause many problems, such as obesity and heart disease.
There are many ways to keep a healthy lifestyle.
Firstly, we should do many exercises, such as long-distance running, swimming, play basketball.
You should make a plan to you training.
Secondiy, you need a good Eating habits.
You do not pick the food.
Especially, do not forget to eat the breakfast.
Thirdly, you need enough time to go to sleep.
The lifestyle has relations with the health.
During the gloomy war, Fascists declared and waged a war against the U.
I'm firmly convinced that  let us redouble our exertions , and strike with united strength while life and power remains.
It is common for students in high school to wonder the meaning of college education.
College is a time of growth and expansion, which is one of the most essential meanings of college.
For one thing, students grow and expand when seeking knowledge and developing themselves.
In many high schools of China, classes are divided into two sorts, Liberal Arts and Science, which makes students spend the whole high school years studying on just one sort.
However, the departments of Liberal Arts and Science in college are nicely planned to make students of any majors achieve full development.
For another, students grow and expand when living with others, independent from parents's spoiled love.
College life make students grasp how to deal with others and to be independent, which will play an important role in later social life.
In China, most families have only one child, so Chinese parents cherish their children so much that they rather dedicate all for their babies.
That is why spoiled love can be found in most Chinese families.
However, this sort of love can never benefit children.
The talents our society need are not the immature ones but ones with strong independence.
Our club is very interesting, funny and valuable.
You can choose someone who you like.
In this club, you will know different people, do different things.
You can play with each other, you can say joke, read book, have some interested idea.
This is your school life.
It is known that mobile phones are playing a more and more important role in our daily life.
We can easily see people use mobile phone to watch TV , play games and surf the Internet and so on when they take a bus or walk.
Most people can not have an access to mobile phone past so that mobile phone wasn't very important to people.
Nowadays, various kinds of media have been developed, people's shopping via media are quite common.
Media and shopping to bring convenience to people, but also bring many problems.
Media and shopping for me, it has both advantages and disadvantages, First of all, Has the advantages of convenient remain within doors for business save time and Save considerable advertising costs and expenses, secondly choose large species many real supermarket shopping goods.
But the media shopping also have a big disadvantage, Honesty and credit is the biggest problem, Network deception of false advertising have occurred from time to time, fraud malicious have occurred, In spite of this media shopping charm so that people couldn't resist the temptation to it.
First of all, for consumers: first, can be in the home shopping  , without time limit orders; the second, a lot of goods to obtain more information, you can not buy local goods; third, the online payment than the traditional cash payment more secure, to avoid lost or was robbed of cash; third, from ordering, door-to-door without buying the goods in person at the scene, is both time and effort.
A bad teacher is just the opposite, he doesn't seem to care about the students enough.
However, forgiving my rudeness to whom I define as bad teachers  , in my opinion.
We can see from this picture there is a father talking to his son .
The boy said to his father: Dad, I am a bit worried about disposing of nuclear weapon.
From this dialogue we can know the father want to tell his son we should start from doing small things.
If we want to do some great things, those small things is basis.
The air pollution is very heavily recently.
We can't completely clear it, but we can avoid use the private cars to reduce the air pollution.
For our English learn, everyone can't learn English very well in a flash.
If we want to write a composition, we must remember thousands of words.
As a college student, it is important to know the importance of doing small things.
But a few seconds passed, when I almost thought that she didn't hear me, she raised her head and said weakly, I have a stomachache.
  Maybe I you should drink some hot water, it'll make you feel better.
  Well.
  Yes.
It's better now.
Most students choose to live in student dormitory.
Because they believe the benefits of collective life, of course, there are many people not agree with this view.
Some students are in favor of the idea of living in the dormitory.
There are many reasons, such as students must be responsible for their own action in dormitory life, and they also need to learn to manage their time and take their daily lives.
However, other people hold an opposite viewpoint.
They think living a family life is a good choice.
The promble on campus I want to say is most College Students are pay less and less their attention to their study.
Most students are devote most of their energy and time to these acctivities so that they don't have enough time studying.
Personally speaking, this is unwise.
Students should put study at fisrt place.
The author mainly tells us, the thing we thought we have already known can be strange as it were.
  I think so, when I really did read the same book 3 to 4 times during my holiday.
And each time I open the book and learn it, it gives me the different feeling.
Thousands of the facts showed us that every minute is unique.
Today I am I, but I am not the yesterday's naughty girl any more.
So do the other things.
No matter what on earth they are.
technology, it's a new form of the grass-roots culture.
It's a language which is convenient and fast to use, too.
However, the oppositions think that some of the cyber language is rude and vulgar.
And Chinese is the basis of traditional culture.
In my opinion, cyber language has both advantages and malpractices.
Winter is coming.
It means that the weather will become cold.
Before the winter we have many things to do.
People will wear thick clothes against the cold.
And animals prepare the food that they will eat in the winter.
Some animals will sleep in the whole winter.
This year, I cannot stay at home before the winter.
I came outside to the University.
My parents are not available before the winter, so I must take care well of myself.
Of course, I must study hard.
People are not being busy.
Some people think that society appeared many examples of this, a man of high school culture is looking for a high salary, security work will be difficult.
Many companies choose degree high priority, so Years of university education and high level of education has become the necessary qualification of employment.
Others people do not agree with this views.
For one things, Education isn't everything, People think that didn't test the university, there is no achievement in the future, this is a wrong view.
As long as their hard work, there is n o cannot do, even in the absence of higher education.
For another things, Nowadays, having highly educated with high degrees of reading, while ignoring the social practice ability, can only be an armchair strategist, eventually will be eliminated by the society.
My name is X.
With the longing of designing beautiful clothes for people, Li Hua would rather be a fashion designer.
Chang Lili enjoy being a gardener, the reanson is that she is crazy about plants and has a nice dream to make our city more beautiful.
Ma Kai, who has a great imagination, wants to be a writer, because he feel like sharing excellent stories with others.
For the reason of the desire to cook healthy food, Sun Jun would like to be a cook.
However, every coin has two sides.
Blog, of course, is the same and there also exists some problems about it.
Thank for you take the time to read my letter.
The contest in our college is coming.
I wish that I can invite you to be our judge in the test.
The preliminary contest will be held in the No.1 teaching building in the room 203 on Mar.31th at 8 o'clock to 10 o'clock.
First .
Good relative are betterto get a good job.
Second , you can read the classified on the newpapers which offer the information of job openings.
Third, you can register in the recruitment agency for help.
At last , you also can make use of the Internet.
Firstly, English become popular, as a student, we should follow the step of the society.
Secondly, English is a foreign language, by studying it, we can learn more useful things, such as foreign culture, foreign traindition.
Also, we can improve our skill of communication.
With the environmental problems becoming more and more serious, people begin to pay more attention to protecting the environment.
Low-carbon lifestyle is a manner in which people live to save resources and protect our earth.
Trees are split exccessively.
Resources are used without restriction.
Much CO2 causes global warming .
Therefore, people realise it's high time that we took actions to cope with these problems.
So, we advocate low-carbon lifestyle.
As a college student, we should also take our own responsibilities.
We may as well persuade our friends and relatives into living in a low-carbon lifestyle.
Specificly, remenber to turn off the lights when you are the last one to leave the room.
Recycle using papers and water to saving resources.
Eat green food.
And we should avoid wasting.
Nowadays, everyone living in someone else's care.
But some students lack awareness of gratitude.
Most family have only one child.
And everything has been planed when they were a child.
So they cannot understand the hardship of their parents.
Even some people always pay attention to the benefit more than gratitude.
First, parents should educate their children learn to be grateful.
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
I'm writing to invite you to do a lecture on how to improve English writing level at 9 o'clock Wednesday morning in the lecture hall of my school.
There are many problems in students' articles, which make us feel confused.
The lack of vocabulary is one of the biggest problems in writing.
Students always can't find words that can express their meaning.
In addition, grammar is also a main problem.
Students are not able to use some subordinate clauses which can make their composition more beautiful.
Because of these problems, students' composition are all in the same key and never give people surprise at the moment.
I invite you for help us improve our writing level.
Teaching us some method on how to make our compositions more perfect.
As long as the speech is about improving writing level, whatever you say on the lecture.
The life of university is colorful.
In the university, it is obvious that the college students reserving a seat in the classroom or library, the freshman hope study, so they reserving the form seat, but senior reserving the late seat.
In my opinion, we should not do this.
I think we should make sure all students can see the blackboard.
It is revealed by surveys that a great number of college students download papers from the Internet to save the trouble with doing the assignments, which arises much concern.
First and the foremost, college students themselves are the main victims.
Maybe they can profit from the dishonest behavior at that moment but not for a lifetime.
There is no doubt that their papers have anything but novel because many arguments have been discussed again and again by others.
Once found plagiarizing, to some extent, the students will be punished.
In addition, if they succeed in doing this, the students are apt to form the bad habit of being dishonest, which will mislead them in their life or ruin their life.
Furthermore, this kind of academic dishonesty also has a great bad influence on the academic field.
Apparently, something like innovation would never appear in the academic field.
From my point of view, in order to prevent this phenomenon, relevant laws should be made to tackle the college students who copy others' academic achievements.
Besides, colleges can set different incentive system to encourage students to work hard for their papers and voice their own opinions.
Dear Mr.
I am a student in this school.
I am very interested in this class.
I can speak English fluently, so it isn't difficult for me to understand what you said.
The reason why I whant to learn it is that I want to know some differences between America society and China society .
And I like the freedom life and American's lifestyle.
I hope you can consider me.
I am glad to know that you are going the fours school.
country.
It's surround by mountains.
There have a pool in its east.
then, Though there is poor, there is beautiful.
last There is lots of lovely students and a lot of kindness teachers, they are hard work.
I hope you can come.
In a Word, If you Will come, I Will happy and for you to guide.
The novel description is one year near sixty years of age senior fisherman, alone goes to sea in one fishing, fished a big fish, actually did not pull.
When I read  the senior fisherman think: here to the seacoast really was too near, perhaps could have a bigger fish in a farther place.
When I read  the big marlin start fast to gather round the young fishing boat hover, twined the cable on the mast , the old person right hand lifted up high the steel fork, leapt the water surface in it the flash, did utmost throws to its heart, one wail ended the big fish's life, it was static static floats on the water surface.
Reading likes a road, which your footprints on when you walked through.
Some will feel dizzy or tired, some will suffer from lack of sleep, and some will lose their appetite.
However, as the students, we should try our best to conquered the obstacles which we must face.
Firstly, we are supposed to make a suitable plan, it is the most important thing that what to do in the beginning.
Seconndly, learn to take a good rest.
If you go to bed early last night, you would have done a good job during the exam.
Thirdly, a hot bath and a glass of milk before sleeping may bring good fortune to our exam.
I'm fine.
The hometown has been great changes since you left here.
The life of the people is geting better and better.
We are all very happy.
In the past, the houses were small but they are big and rommy now.
Lots of people have lived in the fully equiped.
apartments.
Every home has used the telephone and bought TVs, washing machines, and fridges.
Villagers have bought tractors, trucks and cars.
They can help us to go everywhere less time.
The schools here are not bad.
Many children study in the school.
The government pay more attention to the development of villages so that we can have.
Best wishes to you.
I had a wonderful experience during this summer vacation.
But when you were on the road, you may find that there were lots of waters on it.
My name is W, jessica is my English name, which is also the name of my idol.
First of all, I like singing and doing sports in my free time.
Therefore unlike many other girls, I'm good at sports.
Swimming, skating, basketball and so on.
Besides, I want to make more friend in the college and I'd like to travel all over the world.
What's more, my dream job is being a professional translator.
Perhaps someone thinks it's difficult to study well.
But I like it.
I hope I can speak fluent English in the future.
Last but not least I am kind-hearted.
On the other hand, some people have not only a house in the city.
For example, as a worker, if you want to buy a house in Beijing or Shanghai, you can't pay for the price forever.
Another reason, the Chinese population has grown up until now.
China is the world's largest population country.
And subjective reason is about our government.
They should limit the price and they should limit the number of the house.
As for me, I am absolutely in favor of the government take measures to restrict on the price and quantity.
In addition, the land agent should make the reasonable price.
In the future, i have a small house with a garden at the suburb.many flowers and trees in the garden.
I'm also a writer, i'm writing mang stories .
all stories it's i like it.
i am a student and i have so many problems.
i must work hard at school, so i have no time to do some sports.
And we don't speak to our classmates usually.
i also have some rulers at home.
i can't watch TV at home , play computer games or listen to music .
difficult to study well.
When modern people talk about lifestyle nowadays, the low-carbon lifestyle will surely be one of the most popular words in their discussion.
Maybe you are drinking nutritious bears' bile, maybe you are tasting delicious fin, maybe you are appreciating ivory's luster.
It is universally acknowledged that the animals' skin can make us prettier, and animals' internal organs can make us healthier.
But we can't just regard on ourselves.
Human beings live together with the animals in the world.
We have the same family, that is the Earth, so we should get along with the animals.
Nowadays, the sorts of the animals are decreasing.
Furthermore, many animals are facing the extinction as a result of the fact that the human beings destroyed their family and took possession of their lands.
From my point of view, lives are all equal in value.
Recently, there are a plenty of advertisements on TV promoting the theme, No business, No killing .
That's right, if nobody wants the animals' skin, the animals will not be killed.
That's just up to us.
Human and the nature should depend on each other, and live in peace.
Every life should be respected, no matter what you are.
Animals just same with us, they have the emtion, and they can feel the pain.
If we love them, they will love us either.
Ha-ha.
Exercise is good for us to build our bodies.
There is a famous saying: Life lies on exercise.
There are a lot of change in our village since you left.
And now, not only the road is more wide, but also the villagers are all have good jobs.
In addition to these, the government built the house to us, too.
So we do not live in the old and low houses.
These houses are so beautiful and big, so many people live in this complete function's flat.
Once upon a time, the roads are muddy and narrow.
Not only in the life, but also in the education.
The government is paying attention to the education.
So the education is better and better.
zhu yingtai disguised as ment to study in Wan song academy, in the meantime, she met liang shan bo and becoming brothers.
Butterfly lovers classmate three years, but he aways did not know she is a women, only read brother affection, no special felling.
I wish father female, she had to be returned.
Liang shan bo home is very poor, when he had to go to Yingtai home to marry him, her father already marry her to a rich man.
Later he was apointed as county magistrate ranked, because he too much thoughts, and finally died.
As this time , the tomb is opened, she jumped into it.
These pollute the water and fish is becoming fewer and fewer.
Or our world will become worse and worse.
We can still do lots of things to protect our earth.
There is a PE teacher′s room, and a Music room on the first .
There are seven classroom on the second floor.
There are nine classroom on the third floor.
There are seven classroom on the fourth floor.
And seven Teacher′s room on the fourth.
Those who hold the second opinion believe that help others will let you into trouble.
It makes more and more people are afraid of helping others.
Both choose have their own reasen.
But in my opinion, I think we should help other when they in trouble.
As we all know, reading can make great effects on our growth.
Firstly, although reading makes a man have a wilder ranger of knowledge, it's just to change one's mind, not the behaviour.
Finally, so-called, practice makes perfect.
The school's newspaper wanted English editor.
This job has two main part.
Firstly, You need chose student can understand text from English newspaper, English magazine or internet.
What's more, we hope this job's staff can require some demand.
First of all, You should pleasure use your individual's time volunteer to service for students.
More over, You should good at English and art.
Graduate study, a higher learning stage is significant for you because you can get not only the new knowledge but also the ability to study.
In my opinion, the one benefit is that you can learn how to collect, analyze and interpret data.
Another is that you can get will along with others and have the ability to conflict mediation.
The last is the skill of reframing given ideas for diverse groups.
In short, benefits of a master's degres include intellectual improvement, personal development, acquisition of enhanced speaking and writing skills and networking with peers and colleagues.
First and most important, I think, is that you must learn to study by yourself.
You should learn how to read up the literature and summarize it.
Then you must learn the new knowledge and know how to use.
The other is you must improve your reading, speaking and writing skills.
In conclusion, we should make our graduate study more meaningful.
Do what you want to do and what should do.
In order to make my summer vacation meaningful, I had planned so much.
For example, finding a part-time job.
Fortunately, my mom called me back to home and told me that there was a job waiting for me.
That was to help Lisa, one of my neighbors, with her English and Math.
Every morning, I had to get up early.
To be honest, I had almost enjoyed every minute except when she didn't understand me after my times of explanation.
It just made me out of control and felt upset.
One day, I went home and told my mom something about my teaching, she gave me a lot of suggestions to let me be more patient and kind.
From then on, I find it much easier for me to let her understand me.
I had spent half of my holiday in helping Lisa with her lesson and I think not only she had learned a lot, so had I.
Last week I went to Shandong with my parents, That a great time and oppotunity for me to accompany them.
When I was in college, I only can accompany them in holiday.
I love the foods there.
We went to the beach, swam in the sea , visited the museum and May 4th square.
It's known to us after read this book, Jane Eyre's childhood wasn't filled with happiness, her parents both died, her uncle took her to his house after her parents died, when she uncle passed away, people though her aunt was a good woman, because they didn't know how she hates Jane and were cruel to her.
From that time, I promise I will do a good girl like Jane Eyre and I still think this is a long way to go.
For today's college English there are many ways to learn.
Some people think that should group learning is better.
Some people think that group learning can increase interest in learning more, we can more easily solve some problems together.
They think this way can study English well, But also some people think that not group learning is better.
It also can let's not have rely on others, and everyone can enter their best to finish my homework.
The last, I think that group learning is better, It can let's not have a kind of helpless for English, we can solve the problem together.
At present, in society often have such a phenomenon occurs: people fall down in road.
some people think that help other people is Chinese tradition civilization.
So, if people fall down, we need to help them.
But other people think that we need not to help people if do not know them.
As far as I am concerned, my think that for a civilization country, help each other still is excellent tradition culture in China.
So I advise that we should help others in need.
In the chinese traditions, children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up.
In my opinion, I don't have sure idea .
Some times I think it's not a good way to pay back our parents.
If everyone say we should pay back parents when we grow up, we will have some stress.
In our society, many parents will take care of us more and more, only because of love.
On the contrary, we should often go to see them or a chat with them.
Pay parents something is normal, but we can't have a purpose to do these things.
Last, even if our parents doesn't expect us to pay back, we also should do something for them, when they are old.
college entrance examination.
so each other deeply, you will find society each piece of people things are so beautiful, light, further inspired deep inside you touched, exerting their own expertise to go and work for the society, the country and the world service; after all, I door of all long, if people no longer foreigners.
With the developed of society, our life has become more better because of cars.
their fuel will pollute the environment.
Cars have advantages and disadvantages.
There are several things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
First, consult your friends, relatives and neighbors, who could offer some useful information .
Second, read some classified newspaper and register with the recruitment agency.
Last and most important one is that make use of the Internet.
----.
----.
----.
It's time for question----------.
Nowadays, a reality show called The Voice Of China is becoming more and more popular.
Responding to this tendency, I have seen the program this weekend.
Most attractively , each judge sits on their chairs, giving their back to the singers.
In the process of the auditions, if they want to show their interest in a singer, they will turn the chair to face him with satisfaction.
In my case, the show is worthy to be seen cause the singers absolutely have the beautiful voice to let you lose yourself in it.
Besides, the show gives a stage to those ordinary people to show their talent.
You can see how hardworking the competitiors are and to be touched by their excitement and sadness.
I have benefitted a lot from the show because of its positive spirit and of course it can free me from my heavy homework for a while.
Titanic directed by James Gameron presents a fictional love story on the historical secting of the Titanic.
Although the ploc is simple and noncomplicated, I love this movie.
The end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of the film, but the love story is an interesting one.
Early on the voyageRose meants Jack, a lover class artisc on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard Titanic in a poker game.
If he wants something, , he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who are concerned with their social worries.
The ship Titanic itself expressed a mentally during this time period in which humans felt they could overcome Mother nature.
With the character Rose, a first class passenger, you are exposed to the arrogance high society.
Rose also opened your eyes to the anxious high society had and have woman were truly trapped and were seen as second class citizens.
Titanic is one of my favourite movies.
I learn a lot from it.
Love is the best thing in the world.
However, we human much cherish Mother nature.
We should protect it.
We can know more from them and if it decided to choose it.
Nowadays, online shopping already become a fashion.
More and more people willing shopping by computer and Internet.
By this way , we can find some bargain and useful goods.
In my idea , we need online shopping , but we must careful when we shopping .
well, me parents they had to go away on business for a few days.
On the frist day when they went out I was very happy.
The next morning I Woke up late.
so I was late.
The teacher asked me for myhomework, but I could mot hand it in.
When I got home, I tried to cook some rice, but I burnt it.
Reformation of market economy, expression of multiple social benefits in political participation, development of democracy and legal system construction as well as the formation of the open and interactive space of public media all account for the rise of the independent candidates on its background level(Zhou Shubin, Tang Juan & Huang Weiping,2004).
Cao Jian and Quan Tianci, on the basis of behaviourism theory, conduct a study from the perspective of analysis on personal reason.
They claimed that these candidates can be divided into three kinds: the general public recommending themselves, high school students willing to experience democracy election, the owners wanting to protect their rights.
Despite difference in these propositions, there is a general consensus that independent candidates impact the traditional confirmation election or arrangement election in China's Local People's Congress Election.
Nowadays, many sudents pay no attention to speaking in English studying.
First, they study English in the environment where English is not the mother language.
They hardly use English when they talk to other people.
Second, many students study English just for passing exam.
They don't need to speak English in exam.
So they don't need to practice speaking English in their daily life.
Third, they are afraid of making mistakes when they speak English.
To change these situations, no thinking man would refuse to these that the teacher should encourage students to speak English more in class.
Speaking should be added to exam.
With these efforts.
With the development of computer and technology, besides spread of the internet, provide superior convenience for human's life and work.
In modern society, many accidents about the information securities are happening.
For instance, the threats of hackers and computer viruses.
In my opinion, I think there are two ways to solve the problem.
On the one hand, government plays an important role.
Government should perform the responsibilities of intensifying the supervision.
Moreover, be strict with the social web sites.
On the other hand, people should manage our privacy.
Next comes, from psychological perspective, men are interested in psychological and women are more careful or hard.
As a saying goes  Self-confidence is an indispensable part of success  .
However, in contemporary society, the competition is increasingly stiff, which needs to raise us self-confidence.
Self-confidence is the main contributor to becoming celebrity.
The first point regarding this is that we should enrich academic experience to all fields we may suffer in the future.
In an individual's study, academic experience is a key determinant of self-confidence.
So that you can not only remove the barrier for communicating with eminent person, but also can widen the gap between you and your classmates.
Besides, it can also provide you with a sense of achievement.
But, if you don't have, when it comes to various competitions in which you may not achieve on time, which is not beneficial to build up confidence.
Furthermore, keeping a positive mood is essential for us, where we may use good mood to handle with difficulties.
Certainly, there seems to have enough evidence to confirm it.
Live in frustration, you can't concentrate your mind on problems that will cause you more and more anxious, which will stifle your self-confidence.
Last but not least, practicing is also important.
Maybe, at the beginning, we may tend to be pretty green hand, but practice, eventually, makes perfect.
As we all know, our school after-school activities are really interesting and fit for high school students.
I take part in many activities.
In the club activities I do some sports; such as playing football and playing basketball.
To choose after-school activities, interests are the most important things.
If you want to gain knowledge or some skills, you should choose the activities which you really show an interest in.
In a word, the community activities actively involved, there is strong team spirit of cooperation.
By reading more books and participating in more social activities, we can broaden our horizon and equip our brains with knowledge.
We ought to keep trying hard to improve our skills, raising us to a higher level.
With the development of economy, an increasing number of students can afford cellphones.
people's opinions about whether students should be allowed to use cellphones at school or not vary from person to person.
views are divided into advantages and disadvantages: In terms of the good aspects, above all, students can get any information they want through the phone, which can enrich their knowledge and broaden the horizon.
Just the proverb goes, every garden is without weeds some disadvantages are still there.
Those who devote themselves to cellphone games might ignore the importance of education.
As far as I'm concerned, we are supposed to make the best of use of the phone.
This is the Earth.
It is one of the smallest planets in space.
We live on it already thousands of years of history.
The earth is so important for us that we can't lose it.
With the development of our economy and changing times.
There are many kinds of pollution on Earth.
Such as air pollution, light pollution and noise pollution.
In my opinion, the biggest problems of the Earth facing now is the environment pollution.
Wherever we go or inhabit , we all can see rubbish all over the streets.
The main reason is that we think for ourselves instead of for our social.
I hate this behavior, but we are aware that such behavior can not be changed within a very short time.
I hope that our planet is suitable for living and working.
Besides , I think it reasonable and needful for teachers to learn something in vogue and close to the students' lives rather than just pay close attention to knowledge related their subject .
There are many wonderful memorises in our life.
Eye-excrises should be done during that time.
But all of us ignored the sounds of it's.
And our teacher who was in charge of our class heard our noise.
He was so angry that he held up his fists without saying nothing.
The atmosphere changed instantly.
At first, there were still several students talking.
Then the noise was more and more down.
Finally, all classroom was quiet.
No one said a word.
From then on, every time we paid all attention to do eye-excrises.
I remember a teacher's real angry is very frightened.
Slience sometimes solves problems more quickly and more efficiently.
I agree with his does.
In recent years, domestic food safety is worrying .
From the news, there are a lot of illegal cooking oil in the fried food.
And it appeared the tainted milk.
Some people still take the chemical additives into food .
These problems not only make with the cost of our health and environmental pollution.
Such as the illegal cooking oil contain carcinogenic substance .
Never mind, here are some suggestions .
First of all, we should as far as possible eat outside .
After all, it is not very clean .
Second, We should go to normal on the market to ensure food security.
In life, we always use a mark to represent one's ability in studying or working.
Although a person gets great marks in the tests, he does badly in the job.
Experience comes from life and we are developing by kinds of experience.
Experience is basic for us to learning more things.
However, we shouldn't absent learning.
If a person just has a lot of experience without learning, it's like a flower without water.
Then he can't develop well.
In the last, mark can't represent everything.
Experience without learning isn't better than learning without experience.
Both experience and learning are important.
There is a serious problem that more and more students ignore spelling during learning English nowadays.
The reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.
Firstly, many people pay more attention to spoken language, they think it is used in the practice more widely, so they ignore English spelling.
Secondly, the teachers put more emphasis on children spoken language on class.
For example, do more writing in the classroom, and the teacher can give students more homework about English spelling.
, Students also need more practice at extra time.
Nowadays, it is unusual that students have access to evaluate their teachers on line in many universities.
Some people are doubtful about this policy, believing that this policy may frustrate some teachers enthusiasm for teaching, who are evaluated badly by students.
However, others don't agree and assert that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
Then I have several points to support my view.
Frist, expressing opinions towards teachers on line makes it possible that students have a feeling of being respected and valued.
Compared with the previous mode that teachers occupy the leading position in class, students' being dominant is more scientific.
Besides, criticizing on line guides teachers to teach efficiently and makes them realize their strong points and weak points in the teaching process.
Only by this way can teachers improve their teaching methods and benefit students.
In addition, the communication between teaching and learning is enhanced step by step.
There are fourth floor in my school .
This is my school .
My water glass with the lightening pure red color , round and little shape which like a small ball.
I love Ms Yu best who is my English teacher.
But I was very shy and felt embarrassed.
At this moment , Ms Yu was very friendly and it was really nice because of the smile.
And I don't felt embarrassed.
He also said, Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Nowdays, a heated discussion on whether students should select lecturers has aroused people's attention.
Firstly, when selecting lecturers, they must like the lecturers and respect them.
Secondly, students should be accustomed to the way the lecturers teach.
In the first place, suppose they select the lecturers they are interested in, they may pay more attention to their study.
In the second place, they can develop good relationship which will make students achieve success in their study.
Now, many students have computers.
So, they have much time to play games by computer.
If they like they can play the game all day.
I think it is a bad habit.
We must quit a bad habit.
Don't indulge in the net games.
We can use this time meaningful.
And, many people sleep very slow.
Cost some money do some meaningless.
I think this habits will make our life to be defeated.
We should learn how to use the time.
We must destroy bad habits.
Give up bad habits will make us success.
If we want to learn something, we can cost many time to look book.
We must sleep ten o'clock.
must have correct consumption.
Sometimes how to make friends is not an easy task for students.
As we can see in this picture, a schoolboy holds a 100-yuan note, smiling and saying that:  It's nothing but to show our friendship.
On a personal note, friendship is the love without wings.
If you intend to make a friend with someone, you truly should devote your heart and soul.
When your friend is in trouble, all you need is to stand with him or her and lend him or her a hand, we are supposed to be understood.
For me myself, a life without a friend is a life without a son, however, a friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
I get along with my best friend sincerely, so does she.
As we all know, college life should be varied and colorful.
As far as I am concerned, on the one hand, extracurricular activities enrich our college life.
We have many other things to do apart from studying like taking part in various of clubs in school.
I believe that everyone can find a club which interests him.
In clubs, not only can we make many new friends, but can also enjoy ourselvers in doing what we want to do.
On the other hand, from extracurricular activities, we can learn a lot which we can never learn from the books, such as social manners and communicative skills.
As college students, we need to be more communicative and have at least a specialty.
In conclusion, extracurricular activities are integral to our college life.
To Ms.
Hello, Ms.
When entering the door of the college, it means we will live a life different from the high school life.
First, I think the most important thing is course study, it is directly related to our future development.
In the meantime, I can do some things I interested in, and do sports to strengthen my health.
It can improve my ability of doing things.
In my opinion, social practice is important to us.
At the school, join the activities actively, make some valuable friends.
Some people think the students who born in 90s, have their special thoughts, their behavior and merits make others worried.
The students who born in 90s, are confronted by more problems in entering higher schools and getting employed.
And the environment is more competitive.
But they never give up and in addition, they are creative.
They can try their best to work more efficiently.
Reading , like other activities , bring unique to readers.
In that different reading materials can give different pieasure to the readers.
When you are reading the novel, you would climb to the development of the story which make you crazy.
What's more when you are redaing the newspaper , you can comprehend what happen in your country or over thr world.
In a word , Reading can enhance the understanding of the world the people and ourselves.
She looks a little thin and short .
But in my heart, I love her forever.
I Kknow though my mother is very ordinary , she is still the greatest mother in the world.
Time flies, I have staied at home for 30 days.
during the spring festival in 2014, I returned home, making preparations for the most important festival in china.
I visited my grandparents and other relatives.
I staied with my parents, eating some delicious foods and watching the spring festival party together, and so on.
I just did the same as before.
Two days ago, with my friend, I visited our teacher-Mr Li, who are teaching the grade 3 in the Nanjiao middle school, he said because of the college entrance examination, his students always worried about their study, no matter they study well or not.
Although he always told them don'worry, don't worry  , they couldn't relax thenselves, he decide to hold a lantern party, helping these students have a good time, he ask us for help.
One year ago, we also had this feeling, Mr Li helped us.
So we started to play a plan for this party.
At first, we spent one day discussing the plan.
As a result of the discussion, we agreed to design a guessing game.
yeaterday, we prepared for the Lantern party, someone bought lanterns and small prize, the others made lantern riddles.
Finishing these works, we began to decorate the square with those lanterns, which sticked on the riddles.
Tonight, we lightedon all lanterns and visited every student to join in this party.
If they guess the right answer, they would get the lantern which sticked the riddle they guessed and a small prize, such as notebook, pen.
I feel very tired and happy.
Not only do I have fun with others, but also I an able to finish an activity with my friends.
The picture express that a teacher is giving a student a book.
The boy is very nervous.
The teacher's face fills a smile.
The book is certain literature, because I think literature is the most difficult.
When we read literature, I think the careful is the most importance.
In the first place, we will lose something importance.
So we will not understand meaning.
Next, We will feel boring and hate.
We will refuse to read it.
Second, if we like to read it, and like taking about literature.
You do not read it carefully.
You will do give other people a complete thing.
So I think the most importance thing is careful.
Before sleeping, children put stockings at the counter, for 'Santa Claus ' .
Nowadays, computer becomes more and more popular, and more and more student sink into the computer.
With the development of computer, people become more likely to use the computer doing something rather than study on book, especially the student.
They use computer to play games and talk with some unacquainted people.
Actually, education does not mean that we should study on book all days.
It means we should use all ways to gain knowledge, whatever the knowledge come from.
In my opinion, I think a good education need us use all ways around us to make ourselves feel substantial.
We do not only study knowledge, and we should also study how to make our spiritual also feel substantial.
And there some good and useful knowledge are not contained in our study books, this time, we should study from computer, computer contains a large number information, we can look for any information we want to know.
This is my opinion of the effects computer had on education.
Taking a look around we can find examples with ease a small computer is packed in a thick and heavy carton clothes are put in a well-designed plastic bag sand mppn-cakes are usually placed in delicate boxes.
On the hand , to earn more economic gains, a considerable number of manufactures usually wrap their products with unnecessary but appealing materials aiming atattracting customer's attention, arousing their curiosity and then stimulating their purchasing desire.
First, laws must be made and implemented to impose restriction onexcessive packaging.
Further to the event next week, as a seminar organiser, I am writing to check some details.
The first point, we have booked the 602 room for the event.
In the second, pleased note that you should confirm the schedule with security.
On the surface, E.
There is a conflict among men.
Even more startling to him is the realization that he is not his father, but E.
In accordance with the survey, now, college students spend more and more money every month.
Students don't have to make money and they don't appreciate the hard work , so they will cause irrational consumption.
As far as I am consider, I think as a student, we should save money instead of waste money.
We should understand our parents.
The pavilion is located in the middle of the garden, the pavilion on the southeast of the northwest has respectively to four directions: canteen, secondary school buildings, playground, and primary school teaching building.
As a college student, I am convinced that never can money equal happiness.
