In addition, l am liking watching the movie of English from TV.
This can help us learn English much superior to before.
What is more, learning grammar is also a better way to learn English well.
Not only this, but also chatting with our friends in English is a useful way to learn English well.
Personally, l think it is necessary that we should pay attention to learning English, because English is more popular than before in the world.
There is an old saying Genuine knowledge comes from Practice  .
The first reason is that the knowledge in books is limited, the truth comes from the practice.
The second reason is that students put marks in the first place can contact the book knowledge better.
The third is when we enter the society, we need various abilities.
Second, you need to read more in the morning is when we remember the best, so we need to make full use of it to enhance our sense of time by reading English.
That afternoon, all procedures all fine, dad stay in this also nothing important matter, I say: dad, didn't it matter, you back.
(I am happy, I want to live, and no one of me the father said: ah.
For a while, bus, dad get on the car, dad in the car look back at the first sight I let me go back, he also finally unbearable, tears drop by drop off, cry like a child.
Now I find I am becoming more and more like my dad, manner of speaking, life attitude, and by him all deep influence.
I have a busy father and a kind mother, my father is a worker.
He is 42 years old.
He likes reading newspapers after dinner.
He always watch TV until 12:00 in the evening.
My mother is a housewife, she does not work and stays at home.
I think she is beautiful, she has short and cuily hair.
She often go shopping with her friends in the afternoon every day in order to buy some foods for us.
My mother very kind but she is strict to my study.
In this world, my parent is a crucial person to me.
I thank them bring me up grow up.
Nowadays, a number of students do not pay attention to spelling in English study.
The reason why appear this situation is that the way of our study have changed.
With the world is changing, our English study became more and more convenient, we university students almost have computers and cellphones, we can research the words in many ways, so we did not due attention to spelling, instead depend on electronic dictionary.
In my opinion, not only teachers should recommend students to pay more attention to spelling, but also we should not depend on our computer and cellphone to research the words.
What's more , some of them are worth reading, they can help us extend our horizons.
In junior middle school, Ididn'think highly of English, so I always slept in the class.
Soon Icouldn't catch the flow of lesson, at last Ididn't pass the English exam.
I felt frustrate, Icouldn't bear the lost.
Because of the eager of success, Iwork hard everyday.
Finally, I became the second in our class.
In senior high school, I got a kind, patient, warm-hearted teacher.
I really like her, I focused more energy on English study.
As a result my English got a higher level.
This all my experience of English study.
I'm writing to tell you that an earthquake drill was held in our school yesterday.
when the alarm rang, all of us students hid ourselves in safer places.
As soon as the teacher and ran downstairs one by one.
Through the dill, we have learned how to escape in an emergency.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall, but Wang Lingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili.
And they have different habits.
Wang Lingling likes reading and she's serious.
Liu Lili likes sports and she is funner than Wang Lingling.
They also have something same.
They're both popular and outgoing.
Wang Lingling is hard-working.
But Liu Lili is smart.
They're best friend.
Oh, Wang Lingling is more serious than Liu Lili, but Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling.
With the improvement of life quality, more and more people will choose to travel in sheir spare time.
Travel has many benefits.
First of all, time can make their own arangements.
Secondly, costs can save a lot.
Finally we can also free camera.
Moreover we can also choose your love place.
If I trsvel, I will according to the location choice of self-help to travel with the regiment.
If it is a classical culture tourism, I wold choose to travel with the group, it will learn a lot of knowledge.
As we all know, English is one of the most important subjects in our courses, and it is one of the most important languages in the world.
Language is the most important way to communicate with others in life, so learning foreign language well is very important to us.
First, I think we should use the foreign language in our daily life, for example, we can communicate with our friends.
Second, you should do a lot of practice and you need a dictionary to look for some words.
You also need a notebook to take notes.
All in all, succeeding in language learning is not very difficult.
Parents show their love to us, and we hold a firm belief to show it to our children.
First of all It can greatly improve the efficiency of environmental protection.
For example We can use the machine to control the emission of harmful gas.
Secondly, we can use the control principle of reasonable design scheme against harmful environmental events.
With the development of people's living conditions, more and more people have nongovernmental cars, and the city traffic has been even heavier and more and more the traffic accident happen around us.
At the same time, what is more, air and noise pollution has become more serious.
Although the cars is convenient for us to go out, the traffic jams are now a major problem in most cities.
In my opinion, the increase of the private cars and the people＇s lack of awareness of traffic regulations is the key to this problem.
Maybe our government should limit car industry development, and people should think carefully before they buy a car.
Meanwhile it is worthwhile for man to know about the traffic regulations, the more we realize about the regulations, the better life can we process.
So, for this purpose, we should do our best to overcome the difficulties.
People experiences a lot every day.
And the whole life is always abound in various experiences.
But it's for me, I will never forget that terrible experience.
I had the most unforgettable experience in my life when I was 17, as a senior high school student.
I still remember that day vividly.
That winter morning I get up a little late, it was half past five.
The morning, however, was still in darkness.
After washing my face, I got on my bike and rode off in a hurry, even without breakfast.
It was a ten-minute bike ride.
So I have to pick up speed in order not to be late for class, though I just can't see clearly.
When I rode to the last crossing that was absolutely near school, a small truck charged to me suddenly.
I failed to stop my bike as soon as possible.
Surely, I was knocked down with getting a flesh wound in my back.
Nevertheless, the driver didn't stop it.
With the darkness, he didn't see me.
One can only mature after experiencing different events.
That accident taught me a lesson I will never forget.
Faced with these moments, We should calm down.
And when walking in a street, we should make way for cars, and reduce our speed.
It is good for my body.
Our home has been seriously polluted.
We must face the music that the pollution problems are more than before and not only in the cities, but also in countryside.
Global warming, the dirty water and air, polluted foods and fewer trees and animals.
We put rubbish into the rivers and the seas.
This makes the water becoming dirtier and dirtier.
We cut down the trees.
This action kills the animals and makes the trees becoming fewer.
We burn things for energy and put gas into the air.
The air is becoming dirty.
We must solve these problems.
Here are some ways to protect the Earth.
First, we cannot throw the rubbish everywhere.
Second, use plastic bags and disposable products as few as you can.
Third, just stop putting the dirty water into the rivers and the seas.
Fourth, recycling things.
The last, we must plant more and more trees.
We have only one Earth.
It is our home.
I hope all of us can protect the Earth together.
Just do something for Earth, because it is time to rescue it.
As is know to all , books are the resource of knowledge and can not only broaden our horizons but also build our minds.
Books are to human what milk is to babies .
As far as i am concerned , just reading the books about our career is not enough.
Instead, we should acquire all kinds of culture and knowledge from diffrernt books.
you can read some books about philosophy and science which can expand you thoughts.
Masterpieces from home to abroad are also recommended to make you erudite.
Of course , there are many useful books I don't mention .
You can make decisions according to your own opinion.
I hope you can be addicted to the ocean of books and get what you want .
In my opinion, I believe that watching film at home is much better than go to the cinema.
As emotional human beings, we always encounter various affective problems and experience stress, resulting from numerous factors, including financial or academic expectation, limited resources, job competition and so on.
Firstly, stress makes people have some physical problems.
As darkness fell outside, you do have difficulty to be asleep.
Some people suppose that character education is only to let students acquire knowledge.
In the present society, moral cultivation is very important.
If we lose our moral quality, we can't do anything.
But how can we cultivate moral, it's a question.
At this time.
The importance of school is expressed.
Character education has supposed us to improve the moral quality.
We must improve our moral quality.
As we all know, everyone has a dream, and on some people's heart , there are plenty of dreams.
Last summer holiday, I failed the college examination.
My heart was filled with sorrow and even nothing could make me happy again.
I wanted to go to university, that's my dream.
Although I was very sad, I didn't give up my dream.
So I determined to spent one year to realise my dream.
The days were so boring.
Every day, the papers just like the flood, flew into my mind.
That year, my best friend was my little light.
Another matter was the exam.
So many times, I looked at my paper, but my mind was at a blank, just because of the mark.
I suppose that my hard work didn't pay off, but I didn't want to cry, you know, I can't cry.
That's true.
You have dreams, you must pay tears and hard work, especially perseverance.
What't more, convenience also plays an important part.
My hard work just like the sunshine , making my dream come true eventually.
One year later, I saw the university's gate finally opened for me.
The Internet a very important in our daily life.
Everyday many people surf the Internet.
When you meet difficult in your life.
you can chatting with your friends on the Internet.
However, every coin has two sides.
There is so much rubbish on the net, which are some medium messages about crime.
Net also make people waste time on it.
In addition, more and more finanvial crimes such as money laundering are committed via the Internet.
In my opinion, I completely agree with the latter view that the internet has more disavantages than advantages.
It gives rise to people's mental problems.
It results in various computer crimes.
In the modern time, there are a part of college students develop some bad habits, for example, they always stap up, cost money over their degree and are addicted to computer games.
In fact, these unhealthy habits are harmful to college students.
As a modern college student, we should have a good body and spirit.
We can build our bodies by doing morning excise or playing basketball and so on absolutely.
It is a good choice that read some meaningful books instead of playing computer games.
We should form positive attitude to spend our college life.
In our society, English is being more and more important.
As astudent.
I must study English conscientious in orthe to being success.
If my English level raise, I will being confident.
It is often said that love is a wonderful and simpl thing.
In my life , my favorate is my parents.
They may is not enough beautiyul in the world, but Ilove their sweet smile and kind attitude.
My parents always give my lots of love.
They often asks me how i get along wih my studies and encourages me to study hard.
Like me.
for example, on one occasion, I failed in the exam.
Hearing that I could hardly hoid back my tears, I felt that the world had become cold and everyone seemed to be laughing at me.
It was my parents who keeps encouging me noot to lose heart , which made me take heart of grance to face fail.
and then when my was ill.
They always took care of me carefully.
I am very lucky to have such a good parents.
I konw they love me more than anything eles in the world.
I am so deeply moved that tears came to my eyes.
Being polluted by the harmful gases produced by cars and factory, the air is becoming dirtier and the main cities are suffering from great pollution.
The forest is destoyed by the people, which results in the serious environmental problems as well.
Hence, people have to endure the harmful things spread in the air and even absorb them, which lead to lung cancer and do great harm to our health.
To stop the pollution, government should control the quantities of cars and ban factory from pouring waste without necessary process.
In recent years, Blog is extremely popular in many countries.
A number of people use Blog to express ideas of their own about politics and events in the world.
On the one hand, some people who have some ideas about something intend to share them with others or don't tend to let others recognize who they are, so they discover a medium to speak their ideas freely-----Blog.
Otherwise, they also can make friends with many people.
Though Blog brings many benefits, its negative influence is dispensable.
Such as some lawless elements via it spread rumors.
Also a few businessmen in terms of it advertising, it is likely to harm the interests of the users.
I had been off duty two days and when I returned, the first news I heard was, Chris died yesterday morning.
I think the old know what loving truly means, the young can only guss.
First, teacher be asking student pay attention to spell.
Animals come from wild.
are kept in zoos.
Forty percent of people think that animals should be kept in zoos.
First, people can see many kinds of animals in the zoos so that they don't need to go to wild.
The other sixty percent of people think that animals should live in the wild, because animals love living in the wild.
In my opinion, animals should live in wild, because nature is their home and they don't belong to human beings.
I think people should stop polluting the environment and using the animals furs.
If I have kids things they can not decide, then the parents shouid be for the kid out of ideas , rather than to help them make decisons.
Of course , in some cases, the parents should give children some help.
Children entering school, for example, also do not know how to learn, parents can do some specific guidance or tutoring.
But should pay attention to two questions: one is to guide the children to think for themselves, to solve the difficulties in learning and not arranged to replace; The second is to the purpose.
When children are unlikely to learn, parents can with appropriately, temporarily when the children walking stick.
But when a crutch fundamental purpose is to help children come over difficult.
The topic of the Model United Nations is the Syrian Crisis.
At the same time, I know if we want to do a thing well, we should pay more attention to the information searching.
I want to stay in the city or in the country.
I hope parents can give me a suggestion.
Everybody has distinctive habit and the way of learning have to be different.
Everyone wants to get to a good achievement.
So we could exchange the way of learning and good ideas to improve ourselves.
We have to study hard when we want to learn something well.
Look a book is also a good way to get information.
A good book could be change our life.
As the same reasons, Internet can Be useful.
My favorite way of learning is learn by Surfing Internet.
But as we all know, Surfing Internet is also could be harmful.
And talk with friends often.
Friends will tell you some good ideas.
Where there is a well, there is a way.
I think if we study hard and are used to thinking how to learn well.
We could do it well.
As a girl, shopping is my favourite hobby.
Also, I like watching movie, reading and listening to music.
But, today's movies is more and more boring, the books content increasing lack of meaning.
Playing basketball, football, swimming, sports is not my hobby.
A lot of people ask me what kind of work will do in the future, I also tell them I would like to work in human resources in the office.
Because of what I major in my college, I hope I can learn how to get along better than others.
I'm not good at having a freewheeling conversation to others.
In my future work, I will often deal with others.
As we all know , the proper sports activities is an opportunity to intensify nearly all parts of our bodies .
Scientists of Public health college in Harvard found that doing some certain exercises , for example three hours per week can lower the risk of men's heart attack by 22% .
According the research, form 1990 to 2010, the percentage increases from 0 to 24%, then to 58%.
In my opinions, this phenomenon is attributed to there reasons.
for one thing, the students have more free time when they are in college, so they can select some part jobs.
for another thing, they can do some part-time jobs to get some money to buy what they wat and go where they like.
for this, they are able to help their parents ease the burden.
So we shold to lean powerful spirit when we making the difficulties.
Someone talk to me that they like to sing English songs.
But they don't know how to learn.
First of all, you should recognse the words in the song though you don't understand there meanings.
Second, listen to the singer how to sing the song again and again.
Third, follow the singer to sing the song.
This is my way to learn English songs.
As the saying goes:  Will's stand long will, is without will's and grow set his heart on.
Just like the Chopsticks Brother's movie  Old boys  .
By the science and technique development, we can see the advertisement everywhere.
First of all, it is essential for company to make customer recognize their products.
There is no doubt that advertisement is a great way to improve their character.
If we need some information, the advertisement will offer messages we need.
On the other hand, a lot of person may think some advertisement are annoying.
For example, when we surf the internet, there always will be a banners.
There are some spam in our email inbox.
We will frequently feel the advertisement is very troublesome.
In a word.
The image of college life had come to me off and on when I was in high school .
In the past , I thought if I enter the college I will have enough free time to do anything I like.
Thildly, We also have some free time in the afternoon or in the evening .
But we will spend the time attending lectures , reading reference books doing exercise , going shopping, chatting with friends and so on .
We can do so many things in college .
Last but not least , when in high school , I lived with my parents, but now , they don not live with me .
Spelling words correctly is the basis for writing.
Students attach less importance to the spelling of words in the process of English study.
There are possibly several reasons contributing to this phenomenon.
First examoriented education makes the students pay less attention to spelling.
Secondly, many English teachers don't provide students with adequate knowledge of building up new words.
Since spelling is one of the most important factors in English study, due attention should be given to it.
As fom, I think we should be made aware of the serious consequence of misspelling.
Then exams should be modified to add some factors into it, which would help students pay more attention to spelling.
The first, taking part in social practice can rich our experience and make our life briliant.
As a college student, most of us are common lack of experience about society.
We can let us more mature through social practice.
So we should cherish every chances that can strong us.
Besides, it can make us more confident.
Because of this, we don't just think studying.
Social practice is more good for us than reading.
Due to reading just expend our mental world.
On the contrary, social practice can rich our physical world.
If when we get into the society, we can adjust to some new environment quickly.
As time goes away, I'm 22 years old.
I found a part-time job last summer.
I think summer vacation is too long to us.
All of us want to do some signification to enrich our life and improve our ability.
As for me, I found a job that to be an English teacher.
Now I still remembered the first class I had given to them.
In the beginning, I can't make them calm down, because I didn't have any experience about it, So I followed the other people to improve my teaching skills.
At the third day, a third-grade teacher on leave, so the headmaster asked me to teach them.
I said yes without hesitation.
The first class I gave them some colors like red green, yellow blue and purple.
When I stood on the platform and saw so many eyes with hanger for knowledge, Suddely I felt a sense of responsibility, When I saw the headmaster was encouraged me, I really fall confident.
At first, I linked these words into life.
The children were very interested in it.
Then I try to put these word incorporated into the song that like Two Tigers, I sang it loudly and asked them to follow me.
The headmaster was satisfied with me, when I saw the children studied very hard, I felt well.
This is my most unforgettable experience, I learn much from this thing.
A bold attempt is half success.
So we should be courageous to face everything.
Relativitly, College students are more freer in time.
A lot of students make full use of their spare time and vocation to do some jobs.
Every coin has two sides.
Secondly, we can gain knowledge and accumulate social experience through doing part-time jobs.
In my opinion, I hold positive attitude for doing part-time jobs.
Because it makes me learn something what I can't learn in college.
What I lost is not worthy of mention comparing to what I gain.
Li Hua wants to be a fashion designer in the future because she does well in painting pictures and wants to design pretty clothes for the public.
Chang Lili's ideal job is to be a gardener because she is fond of plants and wants to make our city cleaner and more beautiful.
Ma Kai, who has a geart ideal.
He wants to be a professinal writer like Mo Yan.
The reason why he wants to be a writer is he likes writing very much and he would like to share his fantastic stories with others.
Sun Jun said he'll be a cook in the future because nowadays, most food are unhealthy, he wants to cook green, healthy and tasty food for everybody.
L think.
With the development of society, population explosion become a serious problem.
In my opinion, we should realize the importance of environmental protection and make more efforts to protect the environment.
We should drive less but more depend on public transportation means.
It is made of cloth, the color of the donkey is blue and red.
There is some beautiful flower design on its belly.
It is used to sleeping.
I love it very much.
I got it last autumn, October, first.
My best friend knew that I love something lovely, so she gave me this lovely donkey doll.
And I enjoy sleeping very much.
That's why I like it.
An innocent kid is likely to be satisfied with staring at the blue sky and smiling upon the shining stars.
For example, in the morning, mom hurried up to ask my dad and me to get up because dad and I were absorbed in a football game on TV with drinking juice and laughing at the mom of sleep last night.
Because there is someone still worries about you.
Anyway, there is no exact definition of the word happiness.
In my opinion, an ordinary family is enough to deliver you, embrace you and make you happy when you get lost on the way.
As the life gets better, more and more people are interested in the pets.
They raise the pets that gradually become their friends.
Not only do people know what is love, but also animals know it.
People may feel better to be with lovely animals than to be with human beings, because animals are more simple in heart than people.
Besides, animals are usually cute to us, which makes us put our hearts to them.
In my opinion, we can devote ourselves to the pets, raising them as our children.
Love between people and animals should be protected.
Some people hold that the gap is natural because it reflects different contributions that different people make in their work.
As anything has two sides, so has the problem of income gap.
Form must be varied, so as to satisfy the needs of the school in various Department of the Ministry.
Above mentioned, that is my idea of a University Arts Festival.
And third, we need reasonable brains when the contradict happen.
Spoets are wonderful activity to link up.
Don't stress yourself too much, but it's always nice to lend a hand.
Today it is Sunday.
The weather is fine.
I wake up at eight in the morning.
After breakfast, I do morning exercises.
I like reading there.
It is very interesting and meaningful.
Then, we do our assignments together at night.
With the rapid development of the Internet, therefore, online shopping has gradually entered the lives of ordinary people.
In addition, more and more Chinese begin to favor online shopping for its convenient.
To begin with, confronted with this question, so how can we deal in these benefits.
But on the day, l and he not were best friend, so we became worse friend.
Because he thought me steal his watch.
He said, that was his father buied to him, it was important ever much.
l believed friendship was ture and important.
l thought friends should trust each other, didn't chould be suspected.
But at the same time, a growing unrest over food safety in China has caught everyone's concern.
Food scandal appears one by one.
I think, first, we should growing awareness of the issue.
To growing it, the government should improve and perfect the law, make food producer dare not to produce food which are harmful to people.
And than the government should make everybody know the harmful of such poisonous food.
I really pray that the issue of food safety will be solved successfully.
As an annual competition, this year our theme is The English Novel I Like Best  .
Gorky once said, Book is the ladder to progress of human being  .
Though winning the champion isn't the first important thing, we also hope you guys can try your best to show yourself perfectly.
For the first, each participant only has five minutes to make speech.
Besides that, speaking fluently and pronouncing exactly are necessary.
Now, I am a student from the NORTHEAST NORMAL UNIVERSITY.
For example, I did not live with my roommates but just lived with my parents in the past years .
And I meet a lot of people from different places now.
For Another, my school life was surrounded with teachers and they controlled all the things in the past.
However, the teachers in the university would like to give the students more time to learn by themselves.
And now I can join many interesting organizations to make me go through more experience than in the past years.
What is more, I can show my talents adequately.
I think the life in the university would be more colorful and more abundant than the life in the past years.
So, I must value the life now.
I will not only study well but also join the activities energetically.
An excellent example, of a person's words and actions both disclose his/her attitude and intention can be found in Kobe Bryant, who was almost winning every single paramount basketball prize all his career.
He said to his father that I would beat up Jordan one day.
Another compelling illustration that one's intentions can be affirmed in both his/her words and actions is Audrey Hepburn.
She not only expressed her deep concern towards impoverished kid's rights by her speech Be With You in 1989, but also went to Somalia to look after those moribund children for the starvation at the end of 1992, when she had a serious cancer.
As an old the Chinese adage said: Talking without practice is fake, and practice without talking is dumb.
Nowadays, with the development of economy.
More and more people all consider competition and cooperation.
It's something like that competition and cooperation have become an essential part of our daily life.
Competition in modern society has established cooperation, which is everyone's face common task.
But competition can stimulate individual initiative and enthusiasm and increase the efficiency and effectiveness of learning to potential of filling.
We can compete when we play games, try to do better than others in our study and so forth.
These are constant competition for jobs, fame, wealth.
There is a development.
In study, some people work hard because none of them wants to fall behind.
In company, the competition is very strong obviously.
Everybody wants to get better position.
It can be good for the complete company to develop.
So there are no forever friends nor rivals, but interest.
To sum up, competition and cooperation prevail throughout the world.
Even though I advocate competition, we should not turn a blind eye to the competition in front of us.
Also, we cannot refuse to collaboration with others.
At the same time, I also exercise my ablity in the activities.
What's more, doing some sports not only make me healthy but also be a good way for me to relax.
Take part in after-school activities is a good choice for you if you want to make your school life more colourful.
Dear Mr.
Smith, I'm L, a student of our university.
To let you know something about me, here I introduce some personal information to you.
Lucky to be admitted into this collage, I have to say I'm poor in English, this is why I want to join your course.
My dog name is Ben.
It is a interesting dog, it like watch TV and see me play computer games.
I usually run with Ben at the park every weekend, it often faster for me.
It not only like run, but also play ball games too.
Because dogs is our friend, They are very friendly.
And they can help blind peoples, for example, help blind peoples go for a walk.
During the first period from January to March, the gold sales kept on increasing rapidly, right from 200 to about 350 millions of durhams .
And the most impressive motto he sent to me is, Never lie.
Firstly , as we all know, health is the first thing in our life.
They are crazy about making money , working day after day , hour and hours only leave little time to enjoy their lives.
They pay a little attention to their health.
So they make a crucial mistake.
All above are trying to explain the importance of health .
On the one hand, keeping pets has some benefits.
First, it can bring happiness to the old and let the young learn how to become more responsible people.
On the other hand, there are also some troubles when we are keeping pets.
Firstly, pets like dogs are always noisy and bark at strangers.
If some pets are so naughty that make your things dirty and messy, you will be angry with them but you ca do nothing to them.
Secondly, it will take additional cost to keep pets.
In my opinion, pets can help people a lot.
For example, guide dogs are the blind's eyes that lead to anywhere.
However, I don't thing that it's a good idea to raise pets.
The snow was so thick.
Remembering English words are important to learn English.
Nonetheless it's natural to forget new words.
First, you should always pay attention to English new words everywhere and write four or five new words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.
Read the words when you see them, and try to use them.
Second, you can try to learn some spelling rules.
It's a good idea to pronounce new words aloud every day.
Here are that many suggestions.
Hongxing Farm provides major supplies of fruits and vegetables to our school's restaurant.
Hongxin Farm, located in the place of about 50 km from my school, covers an area of 130 acres.
It is not far from our school.
So, it can be more convenient for us to fetch the food from Hongxing to our school.
In this way, we can taste fresher food.
It produces many kinds of organic vegetables as well as organic fruits.
Such as cucumbers, Chinese cabbages, carrots, pears and watermelons.
Especially, apples are provided all through the year.
Some of you may ask why they are so good.
Thanks to the supply of Hongxing Farm, we enjoy the food and grow healthy.
With our growing up, we know more and more about the life and the world .
For another thing, the college tells us to be independent.
Nowadays, with the development of technology and science, different kinds of digital products are being produced, including digital camera, e-book, MP4 and so on.
Tell the truth, it's beneficial to improve our living standards.
As is known to all, everything has two aspects, advantage and disadvantage.
The digital products are no exception.
On the one hand, the digital products are useful to work, study and live for people.
On the other hand, the digital products has shortcoming.
However, the students who spend too much time on them will fall behind others.
In general, I suggest that people make proper use of them.
Shopping on the Interent has abundant advantages.
The most essential of which is its convenience.
People prefer staying at home and shopping for things to wasting their precious time and energy on going from one shop to another.
Nevertheless, you have to aware the disadvantages of online shopping.
Just as every coin has two sides, shopping on the Interent also has its shortage.
For one thing, the consumers are neither able to examine the products nor try them on, while others complain that they cannot touch, smell or taste what they are going to purchase.
As far as I am concerned, shopping online is convenient indeed.
However, we should pour more attention into selecting the products and choosing the most trustworthy online shop.
As is known to us, if you want to be successful , you must work hard .
I believe I can achieve my dream.
For another, it makes me feel with a sense of accomplishment.
Through doing the puzzle, I have more chances to show me , I can spell out the design that he likes.
In my opinion , getting online is a pretty positive way to study and relax ourselves.
On the on hand, i think the punishment is the very important means.
China has a old saying about  sticks out under the son  .
In the same way, i believe that if the punishment is too large will make all the in mind have scruples, afraid to do illegal things.
i think Traditional Reading or Online Reading each special .
As freshmen, we should realize that we must undertake more responsibilities and appreciate everyone who helped us before, especially our family, friends and teachers.
Our primary responsibility is to get more knowledge and use knowledge reasonably.
We also should learn to research with passion and initiative spirit.
I'm glad to receive your email.
Great changes have already taken place in our town since you left that people's living standard have been improved remarkably.
A great deal of our neighbour have moved into some beautiful and big flats which are full of facilities, such as telephones, color TVs, washing machines , fridges and so on.
We also have our own tractors, trucks and cars.
It's been much more convenient after wide roads have been built between villages ang cities, for our government is attaching great importance to changing villages into cities.
Hope you can come back someday and I will show you around.
Recently, continual social incidents have been appeared.
There is no doubt that the journalism wold report them in time even ahead of time.
However, during the process of reporting, there existed a series of problems between the reporter and the person involved.
For example, some journalism have distorted or stretch the facts, which cause someone's displeasure.
Sometimes the journalist starts or spread a rumour of the celebrity such as the entertainment gossip.
I think this behavior invade the privacy of somebody like Wenzhang, who was discovered an extramarital affair with Yao.
What's more, the journalism also expose the corruption of the government, which most citizens approve of.
But everything should be done within control, if journalist exposes something without curl, it's not allowed by the law.
In fact, they have already interfered the private life of some people when they published the report.
But on the other side, we have to admit the truth that the journalism is the bridge between celebrity and the commoners, between the foreign and the domestic.
We can nearly obtain all the latest information all over the world from it, especially on the Internet.
So the journalism is necessary.
And at the same time, the truth of it appeared pretty important.
In the information age, since we cannot distinguish right from wrong by ourselves, we have to believe some opinions that most people hold blindly.
In conclusion, I think above all the journalist should insist to seek the facts, secondly, I wish they had better not express their individual opinion on the issue because everyone has their own likes.
Last but not least, as for the privacy, the journalist ought to be appropriate to know and publish it.
I have been a college student for a year in which I found the college is like a new world, there are many fresh, fancy and attractive things that waiting for you to explore.
But at college, you needn't to take so many classes, even sometimes you're free all day, so you have more time to do things you're prefer.
It is convenient, for you can connect others easily and quickly.
My name is L.
When I was six year old.
My mother told me some advise.
She said she hoped me to read some bookes such as some novel by the famous writers.
And she said the traditional reading is better than online reading.
When I grow up.
I think traditional reading can make you read them a lot of times.
As you the more read you can learn a lot of things what you didn't know at you first read them.
So, let us reading books by traditional way.
At present, the use of the internet in our lifes more and more widely, people are increasingly denpendent on it.
Now, internet is no longer just get information so simple .
It appears a variety of net working tools and piatforms.
For example, micre-blog .micre messages .on the one hand, it can make us know more people.
But between person and persons's language commmunicate less and less.
My boyfriend is not a handsome boy, not tall, and now he is a little fat.
There is some fat on his abdomen.
But that can not change my love to him.
He protects me to let sadness far away from me.
He always has many ways to make mehappy when the tears in my eyes.
His love makes me depend on him, as the child depend on the shoulders, the tears depend on the face.
When I stay with him I can be myself, do everything what I want to do.
The most important reason why I love him is that he is himself.
Finally, it seems to be a tendency that people depend too much on cell phones.
It's no doubt that books are our best friends.
And we all know that we should make the most of the books.
One reason why they have the view is that they think the way can help them has a wide knowledge of fresh things that they never know .
In a way, when we refer to the way how to read, we don't mean that we only can choose one way to learn .
We can read both selectively and extensively.
As time goes by, I've already been a member of The NO.1 Senior High school .
When i first saw the buildings of my school, I felt surprised that the environment there was very fantastic.
The school was clean and many trees and flowers are in it.
There were many activities in first grade.
Guitar optional course was my favourite.
My first English teacher was a handsome middle-aged man.
His pronunciation of Engliah was pretty good.
His method of teaching was nothing like that of teachers in my Junior High school.
I also made some new friends there.
Zhang Jiyuan became one of my best friends.
We both lived in the same dormitory.
As a college students, i am very happy, and feel very lucky than my students whom never to school or give up to school in some time.
but anything have example, study may let us live happy, but thesedays, it is not very obvious.
Day and day, year and year, we had lose very more due to study, in fact, we have not get anything.
On the contry, sometimes, we maybe have some regret, a little of complains.
X lives in W who is my good friend.
she will come to visit me on may day.
On the morning of may1.
l will pick she up in the train station.
in the afternoon l will show she around and take she to taste the local food.
we will go to the shiyan museum to know the W'history.
last l will she to look around my university.
On the morning of may 3.
she will leave.
Today, online shopping has become a fashion, every one loves online shopping.
Sometimes I will buy something on the line , such as buy clothes , shoes, pants and so on.
Online shopping has many advantages, for example, you need not out of buying what are you want buy, and there are many kinds of ships that you need not choose on the street that will protect you from the sun or rain when you out of.
something ships on the line are cheaper than in the store.
ever coin has two sides, although online shopping is convenient that there are still many shortcomings.
It is feasible for us to make delivery within a half month after receiving your order.
Nowadays , with the rapid development of the economy, Pressing problems appear all over the world on a large scale, endangering people's life.
It is convinced that extraterrestrials exist in space.
Looking back on the past few years, people develop blindly regardless of the environment.
The problems such as global warming, air pollution and the increasing population, bring about some harmful effects.
In this context, it is high time for us to change this condition.
If we could have a talk with extraterrestrial, we should make the best of the opportunity.
For one thing, analyzing the source of these problems is necessary.
In addition, we could find effective measures and take them into practice.
It's our responsibility to save our earth.
I hope that the extraterrestrial could give us a hand and everyone should take part in the team to protect our planet.
Today we have World Water Day .
Colorful and attractive coupons and dozens of group-buy activities are everywhere in our life.
Actually, it is just a sale method by the smart sellers who want their goods to be widely known and sell well.
It is hard to judge the benefits of the coupons and the group-buy activities.
Therefore.
We all looked at her and said: good morning teacher.
  Wow, now you are precious as a panda.
  Must.
My first trip to United States without my parents.
I went to America, when I was in grade five.
We traveled a lot of places there.
Colorado Grand Canyon is pretty good, we took lots of photos.
We live in the hotel has taken a movie.
There is no doubt that many person like music.
Sometimes music will let us feel happy, of course, music will let us feel sad also.
As is known by all that music have different styles.
For example, hip hop, jazz, classical.
So we can choose what we like music.
Good music will have a good influence on us.
In all, I hope everyone can listen to music.
It is crucial that we should take in some thing from it.
With the development of society, the life's level of people become better than before, so there are many ways to entertainment people can choose.
At present, there is no doubt that more and more people will choose to travel in their life.
Because they have some pressures in their daily life, it will let them relax to go to travel.
In addition, not only people can widen their horizons but also can they communicate with others from all over the world.
All in all, travelling plays an important role in our daily life, we cannot ignore it but we should enjoy it actively.
I am sure I can make greater progress in English if I work harder.
I really want to have the opportunity.
On the one hand, to be an actor is my dream.
And I always dream of performing on the stage.
What's more, I have such a good command of English.
And I can speak fluent English.
Thirdly, they don't know what to do when they out.
In order to improve our life style, we should take part in all kinds of activities.
In recent years, Domestic food safety problem is ongoing concerns about.
Nonetheless We cannot leave food.
Thanks to un-safety food .
Some people were got food poisoning, the others were died.
For saving these problems, I will give some suggestions.
First of all, government should intensify the attendance to the safety of food .
Second, we should try to eat least Fried food.
When we purchase fruits and vegetable, we had better wash them several times.
Maybe blog has provied a platform for children which they can express freedom.
It is obvious that children who are addicted to writting make themselves more ana more autism.
What's worse, it may lead them lacking of communicating with their parents.
As far as I am concerned, children should be allowed to spend time on blog bu at the same time, they should use it in a appropriate way.
My hero is an ordinary.
Everyone should know computer is the most useful things in our daily life.
Over-reliance on computers will bring a lot of problems.
First of all, computer has a great many radiation that will hurt our healthy, result in cut down our immunity go with we grow up.
Then, when we watch too much on computer, our sight will be obscure.
Finally, computer is a virtual world, there are harmful messages while we search on the Internet, and those messages can changes our mind.
In my opinion, Appropriate use of computer is good for us.
When we search on the Internet, We must have the ability to distinguish between good and bad information.
And we can not easily believe that other people say .
From the invention of cellphones to now, during which most of people are crazy about using the cellphones.
The advantages are as follows.
Firstly, they make people's commiunication convenient greatly.
The cellphones also play a bad role in daily life , when students are using them to do something.
As I'm concerned, I figured that we should use it properly, such as playing games after long study.
I'm very glad that my foreign friend will come to my contry.
I will take him to visit interesting and famous places.
As far as I'm concerned, the Great Wall is the symbol of China.
The second place I want to take him to is Tian An Men Square.
I will be with him together to see the national flag-raising ceremony .
With the rapid development of encomy, the Tian An Men Square can show the strength and beauty of our country.
In today's society, More and more urban cont-ruction relies on migrant workers.
According to a survey,17 from Guangzhou,16% from Beijing,12% from Chongqing,11% from Dongguan,20% from Shenzhen,24% from Shanghai.
In the big cities, Many men work on construction sites.
While many women work as dishwashers in restaurants or babysitters for city dwellers.
First and foremost, the limited land can no longer produce enough crops for an ever impressing rural population.
In the second place, there are far more opportunities in big citys-rural labors dream of earning money through hard work.
 While speaking, the father pointed the dustbin.
When people walk on the road , they often look phone to see their friends's message .
as a result , they often fall themselves down , and will become other people's talk topic .
so I think when people walk on the road they should be careful and should be focus on the public facilites in the road .
Using mobile phone is a model behaviour , but we should use it correctly .
In your life, you may meet millions of people, someone leave, someone stay, or just a passer-by.
Actually, l believe that someone important will stay in your heart deeply and forever.
Since I was born, my mum has cared me for 18 years.
I love my mother who leads me to a bright and right way in my life.
Maybe, she isn't prefect, wise or rich, but there's no doubt she is the most important person in my life.
She just like the air and water which I cannot live without them in my lifetime.
  Every student was talk their dream with a light in their eyes.
Although I have studying the Faculty of Journalism in collage, I want to be a store manager of snack store.
First step: Feankly speaking, I don't want to waste the knowledge what I got.
As a journalist, on the one hand, it is a profession which abound in newness and stimulate; on the other hand, journalist usually haven't breathing space regularly.
Even, it is a danger at any time and any place when a journalist have a private interview.
For a graduate, I think it is important for me to accumulate social experience, by the way, fund is a key.
Secend step: I also want to run a snack store in a beautiful city, small but fine.
I can sell spring roll, hot dog, the fruit drink and so on.
I am my own boss, running own store, in this way, I will have more freedom, for example, regular rest, free work time and no control by others.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
We will see different view what we can't predict when we on the way of life.
However, with this trend, we also face cultural challenges when western cultural dominates mainstream values.
The tune of every word , the gestures, the expressions and so on were considered.
Diligence has a lot to do with simply devoting time and effort to something.
learn foreign language.
Fast food, akind of west food , is very popular in China now.
Here are four reasons.
First of all, fast food is convenient and it saves our precious time.
I think it's the primary reason.
Second, you can not only eat at fast food store, but also pick up them and come back home to eat.
Third, almost all of the fast food stores are clean and make customers feel good.
But fast food has less nutrition.
And it's bad for your health if you often eat it.
So, in my opinion, we could eat fast food if there is no time.
And just eat it once in a while.
Keep an idea journal.
Now China 's English study of hot have two variety differ opinion.
So student English newspaper is host of the discussion.
The reason is that study technology , the good of international communication understand the east cultural .
More and more peoples from other countrie know Chineses cultures now , and we awear theirs, too.
No wander, it is inspiring for us to see a foreigner love our traditional Chinese costumes, not to say it is an American who comes from the developing country in the world .
That is good news to us .
It says Yes.
for us effort so many years.
To develop our economic, we should open our door to accept the international cultures.
However , we should remeber we are Chineses.
Our culture is as good as theirs, we should try our best to let it become international, too.
China has 5000 years old history.
When we learn the cultures from other countries, we also have the responsible to tell them about ours.
Edison is born in 1847 in Ohio.
Edison attended school for only three months.
After his teacher said he was couldn't learn , Edison's mother decided to teach him at home.
From then on, he was allowed to explore the subjects that most interested him.
Edison got his first job to seal candy and newspapers on the railway.
His first invention was the automatic telegraph repeator.
Before that, he already became an expert on the telegraph.
It made voting quicker a more accurate.
But no one wanted to buy it .
It can made he and his business partners could concentrate on invention .
after he improved telephone, he created phonograph.
In 1883 Edison'partners discovered electrons.
he use his life to created what can made people life confortable and help science improving things .
He work hard and don't drop.
He didn't fear any difficult and he could face up to it .
It took me 3 hours to skim the book .
Owing to cultural difference, we have different thinking modes.
confident as a creative thinker .
He talks about many interesting problems in the book.
The index adds appreciably to the usefulness of the book.
overcome barriers to new ideas and develop a creative attitude.
Reading is a wonderful pastime.
A broad meaning of love, friendship, affection, love can be.
Love is perhaps the first fall in love at first sight when the feeling of heartbeat, maybe love is trust when I go in terms of thick and thin together, maybe love is the feeling.
When I rode the bike in a hurry at night, I always heard the old man's voice following me Hurry up, hurry up, go home to have dinner.
I am L and I am a student who study at you home in the USA.
Now, I just come back my home to have a rest.
However, I have forgot my dictionary in your house.
The dictionary is important to me because it is the first present which my wangshin give me .
the dictionary maybe at the bookshelf in the badroom, it is easy to find.
I hope you will send me the dictionary quickly.
Nowadays, more and more people want to go to big cities, in which they think can find good jobs and have better lives.
One obvious problem is that the cities become more and more crowed.
This will lead to traffic jam, lack of housing, unemployment rate increase and so on.
What is more, the city environmental pollution, such as the air pollution, the water pollution and the noise pollution, will be more serious.
Last but not least, the interpersonal communication will be more difficult.
Some days ago, I witnessed a traffic accident.
I will write an eye-witness account about that.
It was a sunny Sunday morning.
when I was acrossing the road, I saw a white pet dog acrossing from the oposite side.
At the same time, a red car speeded over to that dog.
Next I saw the dog shocked to a distant and lied on the road not moving.
I was thrilled much.
I haven't seen a accident like this.
After a minuite, the walkmen got together around the white dog.
And the host of the dog burst out crying when she saw this.
The driver hurried out of the car and walked to the dog .
Then he said'I am very sorry you lady and your dog, I will be responsible for this and I will try do what I can do to make up for this.
The first half , I was the qualifying GK and I sealed up 4 shoots at the goal.
The second half , WuBoyang was the GK and he also sealed up some some goals.
Some maybe think Chinese is an ancient and magic language and is worth to learn .
I think it is possible in the occasion that we attach importance to English than Chinese .
Life is wonderful, everyone has their own life, and full of interested things.
Look at our currant social media and technique are developed, so the wonderful life also has a TV media, put some social phenomenon and some wonderful things it conveyed to us, let us feel the wonderful world.
And now TV show has a lot of, so we can discover their favorite programs.
For me, one of my favorite shows is CCTV5, like sports, I always like to watch some about sports shows, especially like the basketball program, because I love the sport of basketball, it can give me power, increase my passion for life, and can enhance physical fitness.
Also like the news program, pay more attention to some news on current politics and some state affairs.
This will support us to understand society, learning to live.
Recently foreign teacher Mr. Smith from Canada become the oral English teacher of our class.
He is a handsome young man of medium height.
He has two big eyes with glasses.
He is very friendly, he often with the help of students.
And he is humorous and outgoing.
He is a good teacher because he has much knowledge and can make his classes lively and interesting.
Even though he is easy to get along with students, he is very strict in our studies.
when talking about an important person, firstly Mancy will appear in my head.
She is my classmate in high school.
She is a little bit short with a pair of small eyes.
Everytime when she smiles, her eyes will squint to a line like a new moon.
The first impression she leaves to other will always be quiet.
But we didn't like each other at the beginning when she sat beside me.
I thought she was too cold that I felt very boring at class.
She was always busy with her assignment and unconcerned about what happening around.
Unfortunatly, my feet bone-broken one day, I have to sit in bed for at least 15 days.
So I asked for leave and stayed at home.
Life went so slow, I can hardly do anything.
At the third day, Mancy called me, which surprised me a lot.
She asked for my feet and told me that she had kept all the important notes down for me.
After that , I backed to my school with the help of walking stick.
When I arrived in school I found that Mancy had prepared everything ready for me.
And she helped me in almost all the aspect in my daily life, including my breakfast, lunch, dinner, water and so on.
She was always by my side to assist me when I'm walking.
And what't more, she even helped me washing my feet and my sockets.
She has given me too much moving stories during that time.
Naturally, we became best friends later.
And we built up our own tacit understanding in a very short time.
Everyday in class, we laughed and discussed the problems of studying.
Also, we shared our own problems of living and kept no secrets from each other.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Mancy taught me mang things.
It is her that let me realize what the true significance of friendship, and it is her that always making me feel warm during my difficult time.
As far as I am concerned , there is no really between the sexes in present day in China.
The phenomenon of men and it is common in China, especially in the country.
For example , woman is looking for the work harder than men.
This traditional concept is wrong.
We should promote equality between and women in a basic objective in China's social development.
When I was a child, my dream is a teacher.
As far as I am concerned that teaching is a meaningful thing, like a gardener's work.
Firstly, read more afer-school books is essential , it will boar-den my horizons, enrich my life, increase the chances of success in the future.
Learn another language is also not be lack, it will help me know more information when having an affair.
advantage that one can obtain a lot of special informations.
Though I know, it also have a long distance to let my dream come true, there are a lot of things should I do.
Nowadays, there are more and more young people leaving their family for earning money and supporting their whole family.
They always overlook their parents who have no jobs and just stay in home.
Take me as an example , I left home to study in college which was far away from my hometown.
At the beginning , I didn't feel homesick and seldom called back to my parents.
Form my personal point of view , I think a majority of parents wish their children would go home often.
Because both parents like their children and want to see them.
Now, science is very essential.
Science is necessary to most people in the modern world.
Science is crucial to world peace and scientists are asking and answering many interesting and essential questions about people and their lives.
Let me share you some examples.
With the development of computer, it becomes our friends.
She can do many things and help us know more knowledge, play some computer games to relax us and can talk to friends and so on.
With the rapid progress in the science of life, more and more people want to stay healthy, then they eat more vegetables and fruit in their free time.
There is probably some truth in both arguments, Some people say, electronic communication can replace face-to-face , because it Internet shortens distance in communication.
There is a grain of truth in these statements, but they ignore a more important fact.
As far as i can see, i think going to classes should be optional for us students.
Nowadays, we can see, in university, skipping classes is normal.
University is a place where we can learn and develop ourselves.
It's a free atmersphere.
we have the right to choose what classes we have to attend, not attend every class.
It's more easy for teachers to teach us.
as we all know, some students will skip the class they don't like.
For teachers, it's upset to see studends skip their class, then, that will influence reachers' mood to teach others.
And, those skipped classes will have publishment on the other hand.
We can have a knowledgeable of what we like.
Attending each class is too messy, and we may not learn some usble things.
If we put the time to concentrate on one subject, we will learn better.
We are enclosing our illustrated catalogue and price list giving the details you ask for.
At the same time, we guarantee delivery within the prescribed time limit, make sure the activity smoothiy.
We have already sold the fireworks and firecrackers to U.
K. We feel confident that you will find the goods are both excellent in quality and very reasonable in price.
Whatever, we are looking forward to your order .
In 1976, Jobs with his friends sold the first personal computer named AppleI, but then he found this personal computer is not sold so well.
In 1985, Jobs meeted many problems and finally he leaved his company.
In my opinion, it is more important for students to learn facts than it is for them to understand ideas and concepts.
For example, if a doctor needs to do an operation, then she or he has to know the facts of the patient instead of the concepts or the ideas of the operation.
But even it is more important for the students to learn the facts, they still need to understand the ideas and concepts.
Let's go back to the operation again.
If you don't know the ideas and concepts about the operation, then I am pretty sure that you cannot finish the operation in the right way, and maybe you will fail the operation owing to your ignorance of the ideas and concepts.
In a word, students should pay more attention to the facts than to the ideas and concepts.
At the meanwhile, ideas and concepts are still very important.
Houyi was very sad.
On New Year's Eve , I watched the Spring Festival Gala with my parents when I was eating dumplings.
The programme of it was very interesting.
On the second day, I dropped in on my relative.
I said Happy New Year to them and then they gave some money to me.
Setting off is a way to celebrate in Spring Festival of China.
On the one hand, most of them think that government is supposed to prohibit it.
Because of the global warming, haze pollution of the city becomes more serious every day.
On the other hand, some people enjoy setting off in New Year's Eve.
Personally, setting up in the Spring Festival is a traditional custom of China.
Last Sunday, I was going to get up early and then I was doing some sports.
I felt tired, but it was helping me to keep healthy.
I Saw my mother doing a good breakfast and I ran over to help her to do the breakfast.
I think they have a good breakfast, so I was careful to do it.
After doing the breakfast, I wanted to help my mom to do the housework.
Fist, I went to the kitchen to do the dishes and clean it up.
I washed dishes while listening to it again, so I don't feel bored.
Ten minutes later, the kitchen became very clean and tidy.
I opened the window and felt the wind dies down.
After five minutes, the floor is very bright.
Then, I went to the living room to water the flowers.
Some flowers wither quickly and I took the kettle watering them.
In the evening, my father ate food said you can help your mother to do the housework is very good, this will help you grow up.
This was my busy and happy Sunday, but I felt very good.
Internet play an important role in our daily lives.
Many people like reading in the Internet , especially among the young people.
Some people say e-book is their favourite, they hold the opinion to the reason of it is convient to find the book which they want.
It saves time.
What's more, reading in the Internet strength initiate of readers.
Readers can comminute with each other.
They also can comment on after reading in the Internet.
Public interest is stimulated by e-book.
Moreover, e-book saves the paper.
While others think that e-book is not good for readers in the following reasons.
First, there are some mistakes in the e-book, it has a little different from original.
It is not good for people to use it, especially for students.
Second, e-book needs computer and Internet.
Not everyboby has this condition.
It still not popular among people.
Third, people read in the Internet for a long time do harm to their body health.
It is bad for their eyes and antisternum.
As far as I am concern, e-book has advantages so that we can use it.
When we want to find a book which is hard to find in the library, we can use e-book.
At the same time, we should control the time that reading e-book.
In recent years, the domestic food safety problem continuing concern.
Food safety has even been coined to deleterious effects of society and people's livelihoods.
Illegal cooking oil has been in the news a lot in the last few years, many restaurants were shown using illegal cooking oil instead of edible oil.
Raising people's awareness of food safety is necessary to everyone.
First, we should show solicitude for food hygiene.
There is a shortage of labors in most coastal areas during these years.
The phenomenon is far from groundless.
companies.
Since American sub prime triggered a global financial crisis in 2007, governments have taken a lot of stimulus measures, and the economy has been gradually recovering, the enterprise order began to increase.
However, enterprise, because of the financial crisis, fired some staff.
The contributing reason is the labor structure is not reasonable.
At present, all kinds of colleges, in the process of training talents, disjoint labor market demand.
On the one hand, graduate students can't find jobs.
On the other hand, enterprise can't find skilled workers.
Graduate students always have higher expectations and lack the spirit of endure a hardship.
So companies are reluctant to hire them in some individual regions, and graduate students don't want to go to it.
Last but not least, labor-intensive enterprises' labor demand is strong.
  Dear John is a novel by Nicholas Sparks, published in 2010.
Nicholas Sparks was born in the United States in December 13,1965.
He graduate from Notr Dame.
Nicholas Sparks was called the king of the United States department of love novel.
His novels are always in best-selling.
Nicholas Sparks' story Message in the Bottle  (1999)brought him his first success.
The following years, he published The Notebook  , which also made a great hit.
This is a book of love but not only love.
Savannah is a college student.
In a holiday, John met Savannah on the beach and fell in love at first sight.
But he had to return the army, or even be stationed overseas.
Time of day after day in the past, they rely on the letter to keep their love.
Two years later, John's military service ended.
But the beginning of the war, he had to extend the service time.
He received a Dear John Letter from Savannah.
John felt so despair, but he didn't immediately call Savannah and fly home.
He just put the letter back into the envelope and decided where to go with it, like carrying on the battle field injuries.
Many years later, John found the secret of Dear John Letter.
They were met again in the street.
Savannah was married with Tim.
In the end, John set on the hillside to see Savannah and her recovery husband seemingly warmth and love.
This is an absorbing story that the reader cannot put down the book before he finishes reading it.
The actor has the great love and selfless love, just hope his love happy but not has it.
True love is like that.
On the September of last year, I came to the college which is called Northeastern University of Qinhuangdao.
  It is standing in the middle of my school.
And it is surrounded by clear water.
There are many goldfish swimming in the lake.
Feeding the fish is interesting for us.
We can arrive at the pavilion through a long bridge which is funny.
If the weather is sunny, we can rest in there and enjoy the great view.
It must be enjoyable for us.
Piavilion is the example building of the ancient of China.
At here, he will have a different experience from his country.
Nowadays, it's popular to live in a low-carbon life.
The reason is that the lifestyle can decrease the carbon's production.
It's a significant issue.
We should try our best to do it.
There are many ways to do.
For example, we can go to company or school by bus, by bike instead of by car.
It'll decrease much carbon's production, save much money and time.
Therefore, we should do it from our daily life.
Not only can it protect the environment, but also can keep our money.
Nowadays, we can hear many inconceivable and malignant things happened continually.
And we can find out many of these people who are in the highest flight, contributing to these things, are the young people.
Maybe the reason why there are many bad things is that these people can not receive better quality-oriented.
So, schools should pay more attention to enhancing students' quality such as filial piety, honesty and so on.
And only we all possess these good qualities can our society possess beauty and harmony, and the harmonious society will push the people forward to behaving superior to before.
Recently, many students find themselves frequently dizzy and lack of energy.
As we prepare for the exam, we should get both our mind and body ready.
Above all, a carefully designed revise timetable always help.
What's more, we should break the balance between study and rest by no means, even caught in hard work.
I've decided to have a picnic with several friends on this Saturday.
I want to invite you to join us.
We will set off from school by bike in June 6th and arrive at school at seven o'clock.
ready to take food which for the picnic.
The destination is Friendship Park.
and enjoy the beautiful scenery while eating.
After lunch we will have many activities.
For example we can play football on the lawn or play chess.
We also boating in the lake.
I sincerely hope that you can come.
According to a questionnaire on ways of obtaining information  , there are 72% of them tend to obtain information by watching TV, while people who read newspaper only take up 12%.
To begin with, the news in newspaper has insights into the current affairs, which the TV can not match.
As the saying goes: Every coin has two sides.
On one hand, e-book makes our life easier.
When I read this, I am also sad and sorrowful with the changes occurred around the river.
Now as if a man with strong will, thatamounts to your success in half, and then you can accomplish great mision.
So as the students nd so should we, have a strong will, study hard for people to become a national useful person in society.
Some people think that the school is the manufacture romantic place.
And most of the students like it very much.
In my opinion, for the student to say that this is a good thing because it can increase their imagination.
And it also can cause the school life to be more richly colorful.
But all matters have both advantageous and disadvantageous of the two sides.
I believed the majority student all like the romance in particular the girls.
Firstly, you feel homesick because you have lots of friends in the previous school, but few here.
I think you should take it easy and try to enjoy the new surroundings.
What's more, you must take an active part in class activities to get along with your classmates.
Secondly, you think because you are tall and fat, your new classmates always stay away from you.
In my opinion, you should be confident enough and like yourself for who you are.
You can also try to smile at your teachers and classmates.
Besides, it seems to have become a barrier in the communication with new classmates because you are poor in Chinese.
In fact, language is not the biggest problem.
You ought to be brave and try to communicate with new classmates actively.
I hope my tips can help you out.
He represents football better, so he always wins.
As is known to all, wenzhou is a wealthy city to live in.
Which is located in the eastward on the zhejiang province, the east part surrounded by the east China sea.
On weekends, people prefer to drive to play, rather than go on foot.
Scenery is within three hours by car.
Most of people agreed that the people whom come from wenzhou are have a gift for doing business.
With the rapid development of economy, Wenzhou has succeeded in attracting tourists from home and abroad, some of them settle down in wenzhou.
