In this mercenary world, it should be have someone to wake up the conscience and the duty of human beings.
To keep our child away from lonely in the future, we must take actions, for the beautiful blue planet shouldn't be lived only by the human, but also by the animals.
As a consequence, we should protect the wild animals.
The man of insight try their best to safeguard the animals.
In 1980s, China declared that we used other things instead of using the rhinoceros horn or the tiger-bone.
A ball is a part of a bat, a bat is a part of hand, hand is a part of a man; so a fin is a part of a fish fin, a fish fin is a part of a shark.
Please not to eat fim.
I'm a sophomore year of college.
On the one hand, I think the optional courses are advantage to us, because it is can broaden and enrich our knowledge, soar experience and improve our generalizing power.
In the optional courses teaching, in addition to learn the technical expertise, we also can learn cross disciplines.
But, personally I think the optional courses is important to us, because I mind thirsted after more knowledge.
Then, I will become a person who have mang skills and experiences.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is a developed country which is situated in the middle of Europe and next to Austria, France, Italian and German.
It's generally agreed that Berne, the capital of Switzerland, plays an important part in terms of politics and economy.
What's more, Switzerland actually has a number of rarely tourism resources and its natural sightseeing is indeed beautiful and unforgettable.
As a result, it is considered the garden of the world.
Long before, a monster took away lots of children from many families every year so everyone was afraid of him.
As a result, the monster didn't come any more.
A good teacher are very important to children.
I think a good teacher should king and patient.
And making mistakes she just smiles.
Teaching is so well organised and clear.
And students liking her.
A good teacher can take care of students and students will grow up healthily and happily.
Nowadays.
the number of private car has increased sharply in the past decade .
for a developing country .
it is an obvious great interpretation for its powerful economic basis .
but some serious consequences are followed .
From the foregoing .
English is more and more significant to exchange, including lisening and writing.
A number of reasons may explain the phenomenon.
Frist of all, a lot of students think speaking is more important than writing.
They can use English to exchange is enough.
what's more, students become more and more lazy.
They don't want to spend much time in reciting words.
Last but not least, students is puzzle about many similarly words.
To deal with this problem successfully, school can have English speech, and have some measures to let students know it.
At the same time, teachers should emphsise the importance of spelling.
recetently, more and more people prefer to go shopping on the net, developed area in particular.
As is known to us all, different people have different thoughs.
Some people like shopping on the net.
They think it's a convenient thing for them to find the producs they like.
What's more, it's a trend for young people.
While others don't think so.
Because of many false corns appaered, they doubt the authenticity about this.
In my opinion, shopping on the net is a good thing because it conbines technique and sopping, giving people conveniency.
But we can't relay on it too much.
The Dr.
Alice Green says Kids should have time to relax and think for themselves, too.
First, the type of food.
As the saying goes, People make food their heaven.
Nowadays, people can eat great varity of food.
The problem of eating and the clothing has been solved.
Aside from these changes, there are many changes around us.
In my childhood, my Dad made a severe impression on me.
I often got beaten by him, so I have to say I'm afraid of him.
From child to now, he paid close attention to my grades, , also, sometimes I was beaten because of bad grades.
but, in my senior, even if I got grades badly, he never quarreled me.
From him, I think I would use the same way to love my children.
After selecting a good book, you read it, and absorb it, you will get far more than simply read.
Harvard University is my dream university.
It is the longest one of the first-class academic institutions in U.
S. history and it is located in Cambridge.
When I was a little child , elders often took Harvard University as an excellent example to encourage me to study harder.
However, I haven't know something about it until now.
From books, I know that since its inception, Harvard has nurtured many U.
Creating a conservation-oriented campus is equal to sustainable development campus.
A conservation-oriented campus not only makes us develop a good habit conservation-oriented habit, but also it can save lots of money and other resources.
Meanwhile it can make us environment clean and comfortable.
we are teenagers and we will go to work after several years, we will and need develop his kind of habit as an extra advantage in the competition.
In order to create a conservation-oriented campus, we should keep this good kind of habit that not throwing papers and plastics, and we need often keep our campus clean and tidy.
We should save water when we use water after dinner.
A good habit may determine our future , so we should try our best to creating a conservation-oriented campus.
we are very glad to tell you that the good NO.
J-29 under our sales comfirmation have been shipped by S.
Pearl  and make a partial shippments in HongKong by S.
My aunt is an elder member of a family, but as for me, she is my dear friend.
Aunt is a nurse, now working in a big hospital.
When was a child, aunt had went through a hardship stage.
While aunt was a infant, the grandma died of illness.
Although being lack of mother's love, aunt still became a kind person.
She always told something about her sisters'love gratefully.
I will never forget one thing that she had told me: no love, no life.
When she grew up gradually, she wanted to go to school.
Owe to difficult condition, it had made a great effort to let grandpa come into agreement.
So, my aunt studied hard.
My mother had told me some plots about my aunt'studying.
Aunt always recited text while doing housework.
No extra money to buy new note-book, all of the aunt's homework was written in pencil and it can be wiped out easily, therefore, the one note-book had been used several times.
Where there is a will, there is a way, aunt was admitted by a famous university.
the school life, aunt did many part-time jobs to make enough money.
Besides parents, I like to tell aunt everything that happened at school.
Aunt listened carefully and smiled happily.
No matter who had done evil deed, capital justice officers should consider carefully and repeatedly , punished them from taking serious consequences after testifying truth .
As his statements, people should love each other and keep good relationship with each other .
the death penalty is against with the Confucian thoughts .
A corrupt official corruption 100 million was sentenced to death, compare with a rural person robbed 100yuan .
After all, the world must go on - and we should improve our moral quality and sense of law .our government can not prevent but can release the rate of happening step by step .
the capital justice should improve and perfect the criminal laws .
Besides with the development of our country, college students have high demand on their remuneration.
My name's Susan.
Lucy is my best friend of the world.
We have something different and someting the same.
We are in the same school.
And we are in the class.
But I don't be her deskmate I feel it is terrible.
Though, I can meet she on the way every morning.
It's great.
And we both like reading.
We often go to the library together on weekends.
Also we are differentfrom each other.
My hair is long straight.
But hers is short and curly.
I'm LiHua who is your penfriend.
I had a good new to tell you, I know you want to go to China to teach English.
I have some information about this school and I hope this information can help you.
Every week you are responsible for after class English activity of school.
There are also other reasons for students to choose electives such as for credit.
The first time I saw my college, the beautiful scenery made a good impression on me.
Walking on the track , I felt very happy.
Owing to living with others for the first time, I couldn't adapt to my new life at first.
Fortunately, I have kind roommates who help me a lot in my life.
Accompanied with them, I live a happy life.
The first challenge I met in college is military training.
Because most of these days were cool, the military training wasn't as hard as I thought.
On the contrary, we had shows in the evening and the drillmaster was humorous when we were trained.
After that, the beginning of my college life is coming.
What I find is that college is different from high school.
We have all kinds of activities to choose from and so many different people to meet.
Everyday is full of surprises.
And we can allocate our time to accomplish what we want to do in the college.
We are the host of our life.
As for my daily schedule, I get up early at 6:00 am by my alarm clock.
Because I have to do morning exercises at 6:40 am, which makes me depressed.
Then I would have breakfast and begin my new day.
As is known to us, college life is precious in everyone's life.
Ape man knew how to used tools, microscope was invented by Leeuwenhoek.
It's become a very comment phenomenon to share our own view and thoughts or chat with other people on line.
In my opinion, Social Networks is playing an important part in our daily life.
Every morning I get up, opening the computer ang logging the Social Networks is the thing I do fitst.
From the Social Networks I can get many informations or news which had happened in foreign, our country, city, friends or family.
Specially in colleage, I found I can't leave the Social Networks.
Because I go to the univesity in other province, so I couldn't see my families or best friends all the time .
Thought there are many fraud evens in Social Networks, I certainly believe that people cheat by themselves but not Social Networks.
We will organize a foreign language training course because of the large export order we have won .
Responsible for marketing products staff ought to attend the course.
We will start from 8th October to 16th October .
Now, whether Special Festival Gala on CCTV should be cancelled or not becomes a heated topic.
Different people have various ideas.
On the one hand, some people in favour that Special Festival Gala on CCTV shouldn't be cancelled.
Because they think Special Festival Gala on CCTV is extremely interesting.
On the other hand, some people agree with that Special Festival Gala on CCTV should be put off.
They believe not only Special Festival Gala on CCTV is very boring, but also cause other interesting programs can't be played.
When it comes to Special Festival Gala on CCTV, I'm feel fully excited.
As for my opinion, I think watching the Special Festival Gala on CCTV is a traditional, no matter how interesting the other programs are, they won't take place the Special Festival Gala on CCTV.
The Spring Festival is considered as a traditional festival that people get togrther to celebrate the arrive of the new year.
My Spring Festival was spent in my grandparent's home.
On the first day of the New Year, I helped my parents put up paper cuts and made dumplings.
We saw beautiful fireworks through the windows at night and watched the Spring Festival party together.
We were so excited that we have chatted with each other for a long time.
First of all, while at college, we should continue to study hard for our future.
We should cincentrate on our major study.
Second, if we hold an excellent foundation of our major, we will enjoy the courage to doing everything.
We also have chance to create our future with our effects.
We must make a plan and put it in.
Besides, we can join in some clubs while we are interested in.
our country has great the great wall, the beautiful summer palace and our beautiful tianan men is more.
My name is P.
I am a girl who is already 18 years old that came from H where have many delicious fish and wild duck.
Although I have never see.
And in my free time I always listen to the music, especially English songs.
I like it as well as watch the English films, I think it is full of intellgence and makes me happy .
I am not good at sports, it is difficult for me to peresevere in doing sports.
Instead I am more interested in sleeping in the bed.
so my mam always worry about my health.
Every time I stay at home.
she will ask me to do more housework in order to take me move.
So I can not sleep as I want in my home.
In my opinion, First of all, we should communicate with college students, though this way, we can know a lot of students and benefits from each other.
Second, we need to be sure of oneself, think that what thing self does being able to make it.
I am Z.
I am a middle school student.
I like singing, eating delicious food, watching TV and playing ping-pong.
I like going shopping and watching TV in my free time.
I often go shopping and take a walk with my friends on the weekend.
Sometimes we finish doing our homework and eat out.
The everyboby have the diffient dream.
Me too.
So I have a big dream.
because my father and mother are lawyer.
May and family influence on.
I think the lawyer is very good and fierce.
So I'm like a lawyer occupation.
My first memory of school was the school enviroment.
There were many beautiful flowers on the garden.
The flowers smells quite good.
It's make a deep impression on me.
My favorite activity was the spelling game.
It was fantastic.
It was not only interesting but also meaningful.
Besides, I was impressed with my firet teacher.
The chinese teacher was a very enthusiastic woman called Ms Han.
I still remember her.
My first best friend was Mary.
We often talking to each other.
And we had a good time.
I have many hobbies, such as reading, watching TV, and skating.
First of all, different books brings me different pleasure.
Fairy tales books can bring the joy to me.
Through reading, I can trace back to another country which I want to visit for a long time.
Finally, reading connect between my dream and goal.
Reading has become part of my life.
To have the argument some questions, proposed my opinion.
Moreover, we are able to avoid misunderstanding the meaning of a word according reading the English paraphrase .
Currently, almost everything we use in our everyday life comes from natural resources, ranging from the food we eat, the water we drink, to the wood which is used into furniture.
With the development of technology and population growth, the amount and range of materials used has increased at an alarming rate.
In addition, the global eco-system has also such deterioration that industries should take the responsibility.
Maybe different people have different views about reading selectively or extensively.
The reason why I said that reading selectively is better than reading extensively is that most people can't spend much time in reading.
Most people have their own work and are always busy , so they have no enough time to read extensively.
They have no choice but to choose the books what they like .
And in other hand, reading selectively is more effectively than reading extensively in learning.
We all live in a big world, there are many appealing places.
Located at the west of Liaoning province.
Jinzhou is an attractive coastal city.
It is adjacent to Bohai sea.
Consequently, there is a college called Bohai University.
Also, Jinzhou is a metropolis, for it has 10301 square kilometres and a population of 3130 thousand.
Most of the time, the weather in Jinzhou is extremely conspicuous in the four seasons, in winter it is cold, at the same time, in summer it is hot, and in spring and fall, the climate is warm but windy.
However, the climate's levity is also an attraction of Jinzhou.
Jinzhou's most propered place is Center Street, which is intensely beautiful and flourished, on both sides of the street, there are many shops.
I always go shopping with friends on weekends.
It is enjoyable, The most fascinating part of the city is Putuo mountain scenery, regardless of the horizon where a scenic spots, and makes the person feel singsong.
Although have crossed, sea, but dose not make empty turbid have paradises feeling, just think of these different landscape concept makes people stunning.
Hall, Mount Putuo is to win, and magnificent Haitian on deep, Lansheng mountaineering, overlooking the blue, a floating in the sea island, white dots on the road.
Scenery is moving.
Around the sunny island beach, there are many major is sand and 1000 steps.
Thousands of step sand beaches, summer is a curved.
Putuo mountain is maily buddhist temples are: resort, faye lifeline and each year, the pilgrimage to abbots pilgrims up and millions.
Besides, you are sure to have heard about the Bijia Mountain.
It is just like a Bijia.
You have never seen so wonderful sight.
What'more, when coming to Linghe Park, it is just an amusement park, there are a great variety of entertainment facilities.
Other than the above introduce, there are many other absorbed sights in Jinzhou.
Liu Qing lei is my good friend, he's 12 years old, he's form China, he'Chinese.
His class is Class5 Grade1.
His friend is Betty, Betty is form Endland, Betty is 13 yeas old.
his in Class 2.
Only if try our best to reduce carbon can we share the benefits of the environment.
Last week, our class was held an interesting match.
Firstly, when I first time to see the pig, I think is very easy to draw, Because it is much simpler, but I am really too naive.
Secondly, when everyone has finished, it is more ugly than picture.
It looks like a cute cat, or a pig who was fed up.
So our group are talked about this.
Daming gets up and washes his face at half past eight.
He eats a healthy breakfast at a quarter to nine, and he write his homework servious from nine to half past ten.
From half past ten to half past eleven, Daming does exercise in the park.
He has a delicious lunch at twelve o'clock, and he has IT classes or English classes from one to three o'clock.
Daming reads many kinds of books from four to six o'clock.
He has a bit of dinner at half past six.
From seven to eight o'clock, Daming searches for information on the Internet or watches his favourite TV programs.
Online shopping is becoming more and more popular among people of all ages these days.
There's no doubt that online shopping has many advantages.
Firstly, people can just sit in front of the computer and select what they need instead of walking or driving to the shopping mall which might be far from home.
Secondly, people are allowed to buy things cheaper since people can compare the prices of the same product in a variety of shops easily on the websites.
Nevertheless, there are also potential disadvantages such as the safety problems of your credit card passwords when paying.
In my opinion, we should check for more details such as customers' comments before we make the purchase of the products.
At the same time we should avoid buying things which are of great importance to us on line.
It is in Tianjin, near the Tianjin Unversity.
We have P.
The computer rooms are on the fifth floor.
It can keep healthy.
It makes me comfortable.
I don't think my school is a good one.
Nowadays many people hold the opinion that proverbs are going out of fashion.
Despite the fact, as the old ones are falling into disuse, new ones are being created.
Such as ''Actions speak louder than words''.
As far as I am concerned, it is as a guide for how to live life.
There is an example, whoever expected to study english well must spend a lot of effort and time.
But some one just shouting everyday and never put value on studying industriously.
What you say are truly significant, but what you do seem to be more essential.
Winter holiday is coming, Daming want to keep his holiday plenary.
I consider Daming slept too much.
He should spend more time on study.
With the improvement of the microblog service and the influence of some star-bloggers  , a large number of catchword come into our eyes.
When it comes to catchwords, different people will give different answers.
Some people believe that these catchwords is a lack of respect of traditional culture, and it will misleading the youth.
Personally speaking, catchwords conform to the trend of the historical development under certain circumstance, which should not be eradicated.
The effect of smoking was divided into three quarters : First, it is easy to cause the heart disease and lung cancer; second, smoking affected your personal impression.
Finally, taking secondhand smoke is dangerous for person who never smoking before, probably caused the disease about smoking.
As the proverb goes, smoking is a benefit without harm.
With the development of the society and economy , the world becomes smaller and smaller.
So human beings can do almost everything at home instead of going out.
What's more, the Internet is developing so fast, people can use it to do anything , such as chatting, shopping, studying and so on.
Online shopping is so convenient that people can buy anything they like on the Internet.
Now, many people prefer looking for something sensibly only by sitting in front of the Internet to walk on the street for several hours .
However, each icon has two sides.
Shopping online remains some risks.
We cannot guarantee the goods' size and quality.
Maybe we see it beautifully on the Internet but in fact it is beyond our thoughts.
The majority of people believe that making a good impression will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skill, which may put them in a favorable position in the future job markets.
But not all them are make it .
My ideas are as follows.
First of all, we should be greeted others in a friendly manner.
Besides, we should learn to listen more rather than speaking more.
But do you know why we have the situation.
Some small rivers don't have water.
The number of trees is decreasing and many places turn the desert .
So water shortage is more serious .
Do you think it's time that we took actions to prevent it .
they should raise people's awareness , they can have some activities about saving water .
Scondly for us , we can reuse some water .
He wrote that, Women are directly fitted for acting as the nurses and teachers of our early childhood by the fact that they are themselves childish, frivolous and short-sighted (Schopenhauer, 2011: 344).
The grounds for this lie deep in the very nature of things  (Schopenhauer, 1969: 573).
First of all, for the benefits of the phone.
Through which students can contact with parents and teachers.
As for its disadvantages, students will play mobile phone during classes, which has an bad effect on learning.
Some graduates take the attitude that study abroad will be a good choice, but others hold the idea that they supposed to find a job to make a living.
Studying abroad can promote the understanding with foreigners, expand our horizon, But the environment is unfamiliar maybe you will like a fish out of water.
Find a job after graduating can develop the sense of independence and integrate into society better.
As for me, I prefer the latter choice that find a job to make money after graduating.
Because study abroad needs lots of money.
My family can't afford to the tuition.
Last weekend, I went to the Great Wall with my family.
I am very happy because I can go to the Great Wall.
The city before the gate, a little boy ran to me, and he asked me where can he buy the ticket.
He was very happy, and said  thank you  .
When he back, he told me he was come to china to travel alone.
We do a self-introduction and invite him travel with me.
I said to him  the Great Wall was a spectacular thing, because it symbol the chinese , so I think it very spectacular.
In the evening, we will go home, we make friends each other and agreed to write letter in the future.
we were happy.
Today, we draw a pig game in class.
The name of the game called painted pigs.
Everyone wants to draw something like pig.
Students will be blindfolded by other command.
Have a look with team pig paintings morn like.
When you have eyes when darkness, teammates gave me strength.
In the process I see the students are very hard to command, very excited very hard.
Finally the end of the game, the team I was winning.
The game that you own will not be successful.
Now, more and more people become rich.
According to vocation, people feel more and more happy.
Somebody always under stress, so they always feel more and more angry.
They think all things is left.
Then, quaillty of work is lower.
So it is important for us to have a rist.
But now, bad something always happen when we have a tourist.
like smoking where is not allowed.
Sometimes, you could see someone speaks loudly in common.
It is not right to tourist.
When we go to vocation, we have got to keep some rules and polity.
Now , those things always happen somewhere.
But more and more people always do these things every day.
  According to News, we can know these happend every country.
This is an important problem to all of world.
Now, this problem need goverment and school to help.
In school, teachers need to teach students refuse these.
And goverment have got to do some work to deal this problem.
Network can help us to enjoy our life.
If we treat each other with our sincere, we can learn a lot from each other.
On the other hand, if we have difficulty, we also tell each other to find the way to solve more problems.
Besides, in the process of the communication, we also need be ware of each other.
In a word, If two persons communicate with each other , I believe we can find our accurate love through the network.
With the growing prevalence of vehicles, a host of problems have emerged.
The letter is to prove that Mis.
so, can you tell me some experience about study.
I want to inviation you come china, china have a lot of beautiful place.
Thanks for writing to me about your school life.
I usually get up at half past six.
Then I wash and leave home at six forty-five.
My mother always drives me to school.
I have my breakfast in the car.
Our first lesson start at half past seven.
We usually have math, Chinese, English, physics, chemistry and so on.
I think physics is difficult and it never be ma favourite lesson, but I'll be hard-working.
Our chemistry teacher is very kind and patient and we all like him.
I always do my homework at seven o'clock.
Finally, I go to bed about ten.
This my shcool life.
The radio broadcast May I have your attention please.
It's so easy.
We are pleased to inform you that the goods of NO.
J-29 Sales Confirmation have been shipped by S.
S. Zhenzhu and will be transshipment by S.
May Flower in Hong Kong.
This contract is deal with cost and freight price.
APEC held, brought a 'miracle'--APEC blue.
I found that you'd like to know something about Chinese Spring Festival from your latest letter.
As we all know, Spring Festival is one of the most important Festival to Chinese.
Before the Festival, we usually clean our house which means to sweep away bad luck.
We cook LABA porridge involved in many kinds of grain.
We decrate our home with coupletand paper with thw words that may bring happiness, and everything is red.
Every body is waiting for the new year to come.
Just on the day before the new year, people eat delicious dumplings and have to stay up late until the next day.
The exciting sound of firecracker won't stop until the Festival is over.
With the rapidly developing economy, everyone faces the problems of choosing a career that we should choose what we like doing or choose a steady job.
To make a wise choice, two suggestions occur to me.
For one thing, we should combine our own characteristic with career that we will be up to, just because a career has its feature.
As for my choice in the future, I firstly consider what suit me rather than casually choosing a steady job for we are still young.
Support1: This is my favorite style.
A: The lecture is very interesting.
B: Can interact with.
Support2: The teaching material.
A: The book is very useful.
Support3: time.
A: Give us enough time to rest.
In my opinion, I support the view that we should make some changes in formal examination.
Taking as an example the university entrance examination in which we were involved.
As far as we are concerned, if only we had been the more familiar with the textbook and have good command of the knowledge which the teachers convey, the more likely can you have access to the institution of higher learning.
The reality confirms that this examination has been taken as an assessment system, which was handled by the national government who intends to select talents from the crowed.
However, as every coin has two sides.
This assessment system is only suitable for cram teaching.
As time gone, this assessment system's weakness is exposed to the society.
Limits to the educational level of P.
R.china, it is hard to take action to make some changes in formal examination right now.
There is no doubt that it has brought some benefits to china's future development, meanwhile, it is also needs working hard.
Nowadays, more and more people are talking about low-carbon lifestyle, which is spreading every corner of our country.
The concepts of low carbon are low energy and no waste.
Firstly, I think we should set up a no-car day every week in our school, because car not only make air-pollution that is bad for peoples health, but also waste many gases, therefore, we are supposed to take the measure to reduce pollution and protect the resource on the earth.
secondly, I think the government also plays a great role in promoting low-carbon lifestyle, we should also suggest it let people realize the significance of protect environment through education.
Every family is all the same.
They will do lots of home work in the daily life.
It's very boring.
Our parents always do that, so we don't need to think about it.
But if you ever care about your mother.
You should help her to do some housework.
At the first we should learn to do some housework.
It's the most diffcult part.
Because you maybe will spend a lot of time to learn it.
But if you know well.
You will like help your mother to do some housework.
Beacuse you can feel that, your mother will not geeting tired, she need some times to have a rest.
And you give her this time.
That's all, I hope you can remember what I said.
As we all know, curiosity is very important to us, so we should cultivate curiosity in our dailylife.
And we should pay attention to a benefit way.
Curiosity is born with us, we shouldn't limit to curiosity.
Accoding to a recent study: curiosity have a good effect on us and it may be lead us to sucess.
There are plently of facts have proved that is correct.
For exemple, Newton is curious about the falling of apples , so he found the Law of universal gravitation.
Also curiosity is the source of creativity.
Creativity is very important for us to discover many things.
As far as I am concerned, curiosity is very important for us .
we should make it usefully, using it to our work and work, not limiting it.
The school student union will put more attention in making our school green.
Testing a person by examinations is exposed to more and more suspicions.
Some people had the belief that children should hard work to pass examinations.
Only in that way they can have a access to be a reliable person.
In quest for a better life, people spend lots of time to pass examinations.
but I disagree on this.
Not only students but also some adults don't like this way to test a person.
More and more high school students tend to go to work earlier, because most of teacher teach student by crame teaching.
There is a real limit-ion to the ability of students to think independently.
We need to remember that everyone should have enough thinking space to study the knowledge.
In my opinion there are two reasons to lead to the generation gap in the family.
Parents are very busy in something.
On the other hand, along with the children grow up that they make the new friends.
The social cause of the generation gap is that parents and children were grown up in different times.
Parents always desire their children to do what they desire.
The generation gap can not be avoid.
However we all need to understand the feelings between parents and children.
Recently, the news that a freshman obliged her mother to buy a trio of apple product, which had her mother cry really shocked me.
As can be told from such phenomenon, students now lack sense of responsibility, besides, it must be a failure of education.
Why do students think that they should modern device with them when they are going to college.
Talents are needed in the society.
In our class, more and more students think the mark is essential.
To start with, they think that excellent marks can prove their abilities.
In fact, not only our class but also the society has this phenomenon.
And still have some people think that the ability is much more important than the marks.
In my opinion, both the mark and the ability are important, they are never conflicting, if we want to get a higher mark or some abilities, we all need to try our best to learn in the class.
If parents leave you alone you will take care of yourself very well and your parents shouldn't worry about you too.
Put off your pencil and enjoy the happiness form housework now.
As we kown happiness is incloud many aspects such as living comfortable, feeling good, and so on.
First of all, I think we should make ourself feel good , please forget your bad mermory and try to remember what things make you happy.
If you do like that you will find the world is not worse as we think.
Then, you'd better do some sports.
Doing sport not only make you strong bue also relax your mind, you will release pressure after doing sports.
Last but not least, listening music is a best way to enhance our sense of happiness.
Music like a water which can clean you dirty mind.
In my opnion, it is important to adjust state of mind.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
The digested food molecules pass into the cells lining the inside of the intestine.
Dr.
William Beaumount found out by observing a wounded stomach which with a big hole.
Ivan P.
Pavlov.
A Russian scientist found out by an experiment on a dog's stomach how the juice was created.
When food enters the mouth, a nerve impulse goes to the medulla.
When the impulse reaches the stomach the muscles contract and the cells secrete their juices.
Physically and chemically, digestion has started.
After the food reaches the stomach, more juices are secreted.
In the first place, a majority of students have unpleasant associations with spelling .
The young athletes were all over the world together, and for them to celebrate.
With a unique and powerful way to promote the Olympic spirit.
Stimulate an innovative form ofsocial challenges on the Olympic spirit and education and discussion.
Youth Olympic spirit of harmony in the festive atmosphere ofjoyful sharing of cultures around the world.
To various youth groups around the world to promote the Olympic spirit.
Sports among young people to enhance awareness and participation.
in the Olympic movement as a development platform for innovation.
be able to represent the highest internationallevel of competition one of the sport.
I pay more attention to the ltalian .
As an undergraduate--the successor of society, to live on, we must actively participate in the process of low-carbon life .
There are numbers of ordinary things we can do to practice Low-carbon Lifestyle  .
  Low-carbon Lifestyle isn't a kind of ability but a kind of attitude to our own life.
Nowadays, with the development technology, many people like seeking thrill online.
As far as I am concerned, first of all, it can waste much time to seek thrill online, which can influence the students study.
Sometimes, students can spend much time surfing in theInternet, charting, playing games, so that their parents can be angry at them.
Secondly, seeking thrill online is bad for our health.
For example, it can hurt our eyes, and there is much radiation for people.
What is more, we also need to pay for the resource.
Swierland is an developed country which is located in the center of the Europe.
Swierland covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.
The population of Swierland is 7500000.
Swierland is situated next to Austriia, Fnance, Italy and Germany.
Swizerland has a beautiful scenery.
The sky is blue, the water is so clear that we can see the fish swim in the river.
Swizerland not only has a beautiful scenery, but its industry is also very-developed, especially the watches, chemietry and the food.
The economy is also well-developed.
nowadays, more and more serious events of food safety happened frequently.
there are many reasons for this problems.
the food of medicine to growth as quickly as possible what we need.
People are always remembering something for a short time.
For this reason, keeping a notebook become a essential as a memory mehod.
People can benefit from keeping a notebook.
It has many advantages.
First of all, keeping a notebook is a good way which can remind us of important contents.
Secondlu, it helps us deepen our impression in our minds and make us remember something easily.
Most important of all, keeping a notebook is our wealth.
It benefit us in all our life.
Now, we should discuss this question.
In my opinion, important informations are key.
When you want to keep a notebook about an important contents in a hurry, you need to choose its important points, catch those key words.
In a word, keeping a notebook is good for us.
We should form this habit in our daily llife.
The film is talk about the World War 2.
The main chereter named Louie Zamperini.
He was an American soler and in one task his plane crash into the sea.
He was caught by the Japanese and lead a hard.
When i saw this film i cried.
I and he are the same just live on the Earth.
He can endure the pain and stick to principles.
He loved his country .
As we all know, the tradional festivals is one of the excellent tradional culture in China, and the provisions of the festival is the Chinese nation formed over thousands of years.
On the one hand, the tradional festival embodies the relationship between human and nature, and reflect the connections between people.
On the other hand, the boring life become colorful because of all kinds of funny festivals, but modernization makes people changed the way of life.
What is worse, many festivals are watered down slowly.
Therefore, we call please attaches great importance to the tradional festival.
First, we should know festival, and strengthen the protection consjciousness.
Long time no see, so I misss you very much.
If you can come, please come to the school gate at seven o'clock and I will wait you and other people.
Next, we will ride to the place where we will have picnic.
If you like some food, you can also bring to share with us.
I have allready prepare all the food which we need.
Then, after lunch, we plan to row in the lack.
We can chat on the boat, eat snacks and enjoy the scenery.
The result will tell you whether the methods are right or not.
They will tell themselves.
Failure is the mother to go to success.
It is Dr.
Pavlov's study showed how the food made the stomach juice flow.
When the food travels down the digestive tract and enters the intestine, the juices secreted by liver and pancreas make the food digested further .
I admire: I am a few words girl sometimes, but I met a thing at college, it is that I join in the college's TV, and became a reporter, when a reporter is far much better than sleeping or watching movies in the dorm.
They come from around the China, there is a person like sports, I called her the  ball friend  .
there is a person like to travel, I called her the bicycle friend  .
there is a person we have dinner and go to class together, I called her  dinner friend  .
My university life is filled with happyness, because I overlook the bad thing.
i like college life, because i an to do anything in there.
i have my own time, college life is a new experience for me.
in college , i can give me a sense of responsibiility of being on myself.
i like to wendays off, something i could not do in highschool.
It's a great honor for me to stand here and make my speech.
To begin with, I am Y.
I come from S Province.
My hometown is D, it's famous of chicken, and the view is beautiful, welcome to my hometown.
I am kind-hearted, patient and outgoing.
I am a hard working student especially do the thing I am interested in.
I will try best to resolve and problem no matter how difficult it is.
I always believe that one will easily lag behind, unless he keeps on learning.
In spare time, I like reading books, surfing on the Internet, listening to music, because they can make me feel relaxed.
Nobody could keep on working efficiently, therefore proper amusement is a must.
In addition, I insist on doing some physical training such as running, and play ping-pong as well.
Nowadays some adolescent have lost their ways and feel confuse about their future which have aroused widespread attention for the whole society.
Considering the seriousness of this problem, it is quiet urgent for us to discover ourselves.
Firstly, figure out your character and write down the bad.
Though you may feel uncomfortable writing down negative aspects of yours, you will improve them if you realize that the bad are a part of you .
Secondly, making communications with your best friends or families, which would be help you discover yourself better.
Families usually do not allow children to do something.
I can played the computer games.
My friend and I can went to the cinema.
I can receive many gifts on that day.
That night, I will to have dinner father and mother, It's very deilcious .
I like my birtheday .
I was very happy on my birthday.
Just as the saything goes:  Innovation is the root for the development of society.
Unfortunately, we won't be able to use it because we've never tried something like this before.
Don't worry, just like this phrase:  To do that let everybaby fully display his talents and make the best use of everything.
Competition is a common phenomenon in our social life.
The distinct advantage of cooperation is saving time and improving efficiency.
From ancient times to the present, students are required to do written homework to have a good command of knowledge.
And many people say that it is an efficient way to study.
Today, your child crush his favourite saving pot and he is so sad that he can't stop crying.
At that time, you squat and speak to him that to be a big boy, he should be strong.
New Year's Day is one of important days for many people in the word during the year.
Most people spend the New Year'sDay in hotels.
January 1st is considered as the New Year's Day.most companies, shops, school, and government offices are closed during that time.
People prepare for New Year's Dayfrom late December.
Firt, people spend a few days to clean their houses completely.
Some families then put up some new painting from November to be sent in January.
The New Year's meal is also prepared from the end of December.
On New Year's Eve, it is common to have a bag dinner with family members or friends at home or in hotels and hear bells which informs us of the coming New Year.
Some people wear new coats and visit temples to pray for happiness and health theoughout the New Year.
The others considered reading books is better to see the film.
I have my own opinion on this thing.
I think reading is more better to see the film.
Film is often selected from the book, the book will have more details of the book it will slowly influence our literary quality, learning more good word.
A Conservation-Oriented Campus will make our life more enjoyable, that is to say, it can add color to the dull routine of everyday life.
And I think this activity could cause substantial impact on our society.
And in the daily life, you should try your best to use the disposable supplies.
In recent years, to continue postgraduate education has been a common phenomenon, and the number of the graduate student recruit has been increased year by year.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of the knowledge based economy, the society puts forward higher requirements for employees.
Graduates are not as popular as they were a few years ago.
If we don't go on education after graduation, we will have the sense of crisis to hunt for a job, and feel fall behind in the 21st century, where fierce competition is going every day.
Therefore, in order to keep paces with the times, not to be marginalized by the society, it's quite necessary for us to receive further education.
After several years of the deeply and systematic study in a certain field, we will recognize that we are more competitiveness than those don't have master's degree, which implies what we have done during these years is worth it.
For instance, for a graduate, it will take him or her at least 5 years to be applied to the ideal position, for better life, more years.
In addition, a new network of friendship will be built on condition that we are lucky enough to become postgraduates.
At the postgraduate education level, students almost have an independence of thought, right outlook on life and viewpoints of values.
Most of their classmates, roommates, and friends from different places of China have a good knowledge of certain field and high qualities, it must be very easy as well as joyful to study and live together.
Getting along with people of totally different ways of thinking in varied environment will fresh our mind and widen our horizon.
Their personal experience will have a profound influence on us, some even encourage us all the long way.
What's more, we are not ready for employment as soon as we graduating, we still need some time to adapt to the complicated society.
And then, postgraduate education will provide us with transition time and buffer time to have a clear recognition of social situation, lay a solid foundation for a future job.
Going through the period of college, we have learnt various theories, scattered but not systematic.
Given more time, we can apply these theories to practice, thus, further education can provide these opportunities.
In this case, we will not be eliminated by the enterprise, we will not get hurt or frustrated in finding a satisfactory job.
Last but not least, going on education can ease the pressure of social employment.
All in all, higher education can secure us an incinicible position in the competition, which makes us more professional in study, more mature in thinking and more competitiveness in working.
Nowadays, the development of science and technology is extremely quick and it has developed very mature.
Almost everyone has a computer or a lap-top.
They read news, play games, do some shopping and so on.
Students use the Internet and computers to gather the material for study.
Workers use the Internet and computers to sort out data.
Computers are now used extensively throughout the world.
Therefore, some parents think that computers and the Internet are more important for a child's education than going to school.
The benefit of computers and Internet are numerous.
Firstly, it gather the whole world, people can gain many things in time.
Secondly, the computers and Internet convenient our life, we can do shopping and doing other things at home.
Thirdly, since it has numerous and various resources, it has a good many benefits for children, their parents can download something for them which will contribute to their study.
On the other hand, many people believe that schools and teachers are essential for children to learn effectively.
It is the most common and effective way to educate children.
However, we need good schools and teachers to teach children, a good teacher has many good characters, his moral character and his a action and emotion have a far-reaching influence in one's childhood.
In my view, teachers are essential for children and the computers also has negative ways.
Most children's ability of self-control are very poor, they can not control themselves to stop playing games and do other things which have no connection with studying.
In a word, For us, literary reading has many benefits, or more good than bad.
I believe that friendship is most warm in the world all the time.
Whenever you feel upset friends would cheer you up.
Even if not contact a long time.
My friend and me meet in the middle school.
She has big eyes that let me feel warm.
She isn't tall but thin.
I always play with her.
She would comfort me when I failed in any exam.
At same time, she will help me improve my study.
We have a lot of common hobbies.
Such as, play ping-pong ball, reading books, singing and dancing.
She is always friendly to others.
However, after graduation, We are separated.
We are all busy with our studies.
less and less.
But we still be best friend for each other.
Resently the rise in problem of lonely life of aged people has cause public wordwide concern .
It is time to have a fresh look at this idea .
For one thing , the child becames more and more independent in the busy life .
It will produce a far-reaching effect on aged people in the last several years .
Their life will be alone and painful .
It is essential thareffective measures should be taken to correct the tendency .
That's my healthy lifestyle.
Frustration in our life is unavaoid, so we mush face it when the probem was coming.
May be we fail, but what I want to said was nothing is impossoble if we make our determined to make it.
Fail is the mother of success.
Todaty seem many college students are give up when face the problems.
How this sustution from and how to deal with it the opinions were diffent.
In my opinions, many mothor tread they child meticuious wherever and whenever so that many college students could not work themself.
We mush learn to deal with frustration in our life.
At the first place, self-confident, believe yourself.
Life was the broken bird that can not fly and the only way was believe yourself, where there is a will there is alway.
School were also make important effection in our life.
To remember the new words faster, the first thing you need.
A lot of reading, try to read more English original books and some pure English movies, all of these helps to increase knowledge, is also a way to remember the words quickly.
Then the usual back some words, as far as possible much communication with foreigners, learning their language can also help improve English vocabulary.
watch and listen several times, and guss themeaning of new words .
each time you will learn something new.
I also advise you to taalk about the films or songs with youe friends .
Everyone wants their own life is beautiful, but life will also be a small episode.
Sour, sweet, bitter, hot, is each of us living in some, they enrich our life.
Childhood is beautiful, is also happy.
Sweet, let us cheer.
Adolescent children are rebellious, we hurt the hearts of parents, and we found we have changen, sometimes we will feel we're a strange to ourselves we became.
At that time, bitter, let us pain.
But this experience made us grow.
Life is a test , we should keep a good state of mind.
With so much rich and colorful experience, made our life is no longer boring.
I am L, who is coming form grand 2 class 5.
Nowaday, I will appeal you to take part in the evacuation drill carefully.
We have experience the earthquake , we clearly know the importance of save ourselves.
The aim of the drill is to learn how to deal with the emergency circumstances.
However, there are some students don't treat it seriously.
They were playing with others and walked slowly.
As a student, we must know these rules.
First, we should keep clam and listen to our teachers' commands .
We should help him.
Let's go home.
This kid is s poor.
We should help him.
I always believe the saying As the call, so the echo.
There is no need going to hospital.
We should help him.
Some people say that a mother's love is the greatest strength of the world.
When I was born, you took off your the most glaring clothes and tried your best to look after your Children.
First of all, I want to say thank you.
It is you that give me life and teach me how to be a good person.
In my impression, you always hit me when I made mistakes in my childhood.
At that time, I hated you very much, when I saw you crying, I did not understand why.
It was I that cried.
Now, I see it.
I am 20-year-old and understand your behaviours.
Your hair is getting white and wrinkles are more and more deeply.
You give me the best love in the world.
I am L, the chairman of the student's council.
It's my honor to introduce this meaningful activity to you.
After talking about the advantage of this activity, Let's get down to the main point, the coutious of the actvity.
For instance, not a single speech could longer than 5 minuits.
Besides, the word is expected to be fluency.
All in all.
There are many people who avaricious for money but they don't try to make money in a legitimated method, they hunt animals to get their furs, horns, teeth and even their flesh.
The illegal hunters change these animals'bodies for money.
I apply we should protect our friends-----the animals, especially the useful animals.
The earth doesn't only belong human beings.
It also belongs to the animals all over the world even a worm.
For example, just like snakes and frogs, they are all beneficial to us human beings, but so many people like eat the dishes which made of them in recent years.
In my opinion it is so cruel to these animals, these cute creatures.
These dishes are frequently seen in restaurant advertisements.
That might seem that eating these dishes is now in vogue, and if you did not eat it before, you will be considered  out of date  , you are not fashionable here.
Some of them will defend themselves by saying that snake and frogs are sup nutritious.
Nonetheless these don't realize that mouse and worms frequently comprise their diets, therefore, there are many parasites found inside snakes and frogs.
So they may do harm to our health.
Besides this, I'm sorry to see that more and more snakes and frogs are being killed by man's cruel knife.
In Accordance with the newspaper there are about 1000tons of snakes and frogs are eaten every year in China.
These figures change us that if we still kill snakes frogs and any other useful animals, a vicious cycle will be created.
If more snakes are eaten by people, the number of snakes and frogs will drop, which will make an increase in mice and worms population, which will result in a decrease of crop output.
This will make an increasingly number of people hungry.
Now I have a chance to attend Dragon Boat training camp.
I hope you can join me in the training.
He can exercise our bodies and training team consciousness.
Training camp in the middle of the holidays every morning 8:00~11:00.
The frustration is a part of life, it always appear in our daily life.
Our college students's ability to deal with the frustration is not very well.
For example, with the examinations drawing near, students are getting more and more worried and anxious.
Because they do not study hard every day and do not review for every exam.
In accordance with this phenomenon, I think teachers and parents should constantly encourage students and give them self-confidence, but not deny them again and again.
So, do not give up.
Remember frustration is not terrible.
We are pleased to inform you that the goods unedr our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 are shipped by S.
The goods will be transhipped from Hongkong by S.
There are varied of activities, such as, playing football, playing with others, singing and so forth.
However, recreation activities also has its negative effect.
As I'm concerned, recreation activities are necessary to our life, but we can't pay much attention to it, it just a way of relax, a way of relieving burdens of our life.
So, we should do our work and our study in the first place.
It is incredible that species are dying out on earth everyday.
We share the adequate resource that mother earth provides with us creatures.
It is thankful that a growing number of people are now aware of the significance of diversity of species.
Though people emphasize the protection of nature in oral, few of them put it into action, which is the ignorance in action.
If no one can takes the responsibility after realizing the problem, people will soon become the only creatures on earth.
And I feel very warm.
When I am ill, my mother often looks after me day and night.
When I am angry with my poor memory, my father usually does me a favour .
He teaches me how to remember things better patiently.
First, in the absence of switching nonidealities such as delays, i.
Some students play basketball in order to make them stronger.
Secondly other activities can expand our horizon.
On the other hand, some people insist their opinions that one man should read extensively.
in their minds the society of today is developing at an 'alarmingly, surprisingly excessive rate .
Weshould make our choices to read books.
we can't read all kinds of books even though we devoted all energy to read.
In contemporary society, self-confidence has become a vital factor in daily lives.
It's generally accepted that confident individuals are more likely to be hired by famous companies.
it.
What is meant by this is that we have to endeavor to become confident individuals.
However, reinforcing it is difficult.
To be more specific, there are three key points.
Most important of all, we should believe in ourselves and keep going even though in extreme tough days.
Only in this way, mighty heart could be easily cultivated and gradually promoted.
In addition, as the famous saying goes, great confidence comes from power, which I couldn't agree more.
That is to say, human beings may pay attention to dig proficiency and struggle to develop these abilities.
Last but not least, to be more brave and get used to accepting our imperfection , which means we are ready to be more independent than usual and dare to rise to the occasion.
So from what has been mentioned above, one can depict only this conclusion that self-confidence can have considerable press on us.
However, it is always to say than to do.
Therefore, it deserves our more attention.
Self-confidence could be formed and well developed as long as we are willing to do every little detail in daily lives.
As you can see, nowdays, the water crisis has become a very serious social problem.
One of the reason that the water crisis caused is that a lot of people don't save the water when they use water.
And the other reason is that the water crisis on the world is very less.
In my mind, I think the water crisis is not the mistake in people, we need to do is not to complain about the water crisis, what we need to do is that we need to learn how to save the water, and we have to know, the water crisis is not only for some people but for all people.
And the Browns out of unity so when Paddington was in danger, they sense of teamwork have important role and people feel a cooperation of the power.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as wildlife protector .
I admit , I have nothing expensive in that , but I have deep love for this job , when I was young , that's have became my ideal job.
So, I were going to put into practice .
At first , I often read some books about wildlife and wilderness survival .
I would be very grateful if you could send me more information about the post available .
Pople can't imagine life without water.
Without it, there would be no animals, no trees, even no people.
Although nearly three-quarters of the earth's surface is covered by water, the water for us to use is short.
It's seawater and undrinkable.
A lot of factors could account for the problem, but the following might be the critical ones.
First, with the development of agriculture and industry, amounts of water is needed.
Except that , the rapid growth of population is another leading cause of water shortage.
Fetunately, people have realized the pressing problem and are trying to find ways to salve it.
First, people are urged to economic on water.
Secondly, it's essential that laws and regulations be work out and enforced to protect water resources.
Third, circulating water is used for industrial purpose over and over in factories and treated sewage water is used for irrigation in farming land .
English has aroused great concern.
Use English has become more and more popular.
some people think that English would occupy market in the world , So we shuould study hard on english.
while other people think it in a diffent way .
I think, the first view is right.
I think both can be .
Ofcause , I also will invite the professor from art school.
Nicholas Sparks, the author of  Dear John , was born in Omaha Nebraska, American.
He has Germany, Czech, England and Irish blood.
He, whose novels have been translated more than 35 languages and have sold more than 45000000, is a selling-well famous American writer.
He was called  the Godfather of pure love  and  tear gas  by American.
He and J.
K. Rowling, is one of the two at the same time has a hardcover paperback works for more than a year on the list of the New York times.
It is really touching story of broken love affair of John and Shavana.
John,23 years old, graduated from high school, has nothing to do, drinking and fun in the bar.
Until one day, he has a decision to join the army and when he comes home on vacation he will meet Shavanna accidentally and fall in love with her.
When John receives the letter he will not immediately call to the Shavanna and come back to hometown, but putting the letter folded back into the envelope and carrying about it.
After many years, because he still can't forget Shavanna, he found the secret behind a break up letter, when he goes to see her.
Sometimes, the surface of things is not the truth of the matter.
There are many ways of to love a person.
sometimes, although one has to leave, love doesn't.
according to the recent research .
More and more college students start to take part-time jobs .
From the graph of the percentage of college students taking jobs , it's not difficult for us to tell the obvious difference .
From 1990 to 2010.
the percentage has gone up to 58%, that is a huge change.
The following reasons can account for this phenomenon .
On the one hand.
the needy of low salary labors results in many students choose to work making extra money .
On the other hand, the society pays more attention to the work experience.many students think it's necessary to put the knowledge into practice, so they could learn something more different than in class.
There are hounds of wonderful programs in TV every day.
Of course, the news program always is my favorite.
Almost every day, I am turn on the TV and wait for the news program.
The news program contains a large of information from the most serious international political affairs to the most enjoyable football games.
The most important feature of the program is its fast rhythm.
I like this program because I like it to more than just a TV program itself.
In fact it is a way of communication.
From this programs, people can be wall in formed the affairs both at home and abroad in time.
The world is developing, but if you watch this program every day, you will feel that you are in face with the development of the world.
In the picture, a person whose head out from computer say something.
His words which look like booms are assailing two person who looks very picnic.
The reason why online rumors are harmful include many face.
One the one hand , it will lead to negative influence, it can make person feel sad , picnic and depress, more serious , it can force someone to blind way.
On the other hand , it also can make person produce shadow, whatever psychologest or body.
In ord to put an end to this kind of phenomonon, the society should perfect law system and soar the punishment standers.
The life is very marvelous, the human knew the natural ability has the limitation, you never can know meets down can have any, when you thought especially oneself despairs extremely time .
In the future, sutudents will not study at school, they at home through the computer study.
I'm going to be a good designer after I graduate from the university.
With the evolution of science, more and more new things emerge us round.
Cloning of human beings is a hit issue.
To begin with, if one person is cloned, he/she was born from then on it was different.
'This sentence will have been filled by in their ears.
Secondly, because of the psychological problems, he/she would do harm to the society.
Finally when you see a pair of twins, you can hardly tell who's who.
If your best friend is cloned, two completely same persons stand in front of you, can you pick out who is you best friend.
When it comes to reading, some people like to read books at home or cafe place , some people like to go to the library to read books.
But there are many libraries can provide you reading a book in each region in every city.
With the development of social technology, more and more people are using mobile phone or computer at home or other places you can visit all kinds of books.
Nowadays.
on their opinions.
The university ranking is a warning bell that we should have the sense of competition and a driving force .
By the way.
In a word.
To keep touch with they, to write letter for they, to miss they and to have some reunion.
The driver write a letter to his friend but he didn't to mail it before the friend died, the sorry and regret full his heart , he want to tell something to his friend but he not, friendship have some memory about child and school , when we leave others, to keep touch with became vevery important.
We need to share sorry and happines to others .
So friend make us don't feel lonely and afair , .
Have them mean have anything , love become loved by they.
We can feel happy .
As for me, my most favorite TV programme is CCTV-10 where I like to explore and discover the program comparing with amusement programme or TV play, cinema, etc.
In my opinion, I think exploring and discovering the programme abound in mysterious and it is satisfied with my curiosity.
I like most the main reason is that it let me learn a lot about science, natural, and educational knowledge.
When you become a college student, it means that you start to lead another new life.
In reality college life is just like a small society.
Doing sports is very interesting and good for your health.
Parents give us too much.
what they do for us cant't be measured by words .
When we are child parents look after us every day.
They gave us beautiful clothes and some otherthings.
They care for us and may be sometimes they feel tired, but they never stop doing it.
Now we grow up, we left home for other cities, our parents are not around us.
They call us every day, and ask us  Are we good  , they told us to put on more clothes when the day is bad, to eat and sleep on time.
they afriad of us ill and they miss us, they hope us go home early.
On the contrary, nowadays much more college students never say thanks to their parents.
May be there are two reasons for why they doing that so.one reason is they are shy, they don't know how to express themselves.
the other one is they think it's unnecessary to do that.
Our parents are very hard, and they never say tired when they care for us.
what we can do for them is very little.
So we should say something to them to express our grate.
For example, we can say thanks  , or I love you , or have a rset to our parents.
It's very easy.
As a saying goes, the trees desires repose, but the wind will not stop; the son desires sever, but his parents dre already gone.
I am sure that your answer will be No.
The explosive development of traffic tools has facilitate the convenience of our life.
Regardless of the merits of the plane, some people would rather travel by train.
Above all is that the higher factor of safety than plane, which is the significant concern by most of people.
What's more, it won't take people's too much time to arrive in the lounge in advance.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First, English is one of the required courses , so I have nothing to do but to study English .
secondly , with the development of the world we begin to learn more about the world and communicate with people who come from western country .
therefore we need to study English to chat with them .
last but not least , learning English can let us learn more about western civilizations .
She said to me  Could you do the dishes?    Sure.
I think it was too tired.
Everyone dreams of success, but not everyone is able to smooth.
The strong will is an important guarantee of success, an army of successful people have a strong willpower.
It can only be accomplished by strong will have great mission.
For example, Deng Jiaxian to complete the atomic bomb experiments, precisely because of his perseverance and never giving up.
The students, too, do not study hard, after all, does not become useful until.
I'm very happy to write this letter to you.
First, I learnt and communicated with my Chinese friends.
I have visited many places of interest in Beijing, They are the Grate Wall, the Forbidden City and the Summer Palace.
I enjoy living here, the Chinese people are very friendly and enthusiastic.
Such as clothes, shoes, smartphones and so on.
Long time no see.
I received your letter.
You almost have no friends.
I think it is a good idea fou you to make more friends.
What's more, you can take part in social activity.
I miss you.
From the cartoon given above, we can see that this is an honest talk with one of the students in the classroom.
When receiving a literature book given by her teacher, the student looked very nervous.
The teacher observed the details, the teacher tells her that Just think of it as if you are reading a long text-message.
The purpose of the cartoon is to tell us the importance of reading literature.
Now many young people have no interest in reading literature, they think that literature and his life is very far away don't need to read.
A good literature can get you to know a life experience through the eyes of someone other than yourself.
The more experience you gain, the more knowledgeable you are.
And, a good literature is an effective way for relaxation .
Nowadays.more and more museums are opening face for the whole society for free.management do this is order to let more people know a good deal of cultures about history.
But this behavior has product some questions.
For example.
Free Admission to Museum will be attract a lot of tourists to look around.
so the environment of museum will be polluted.
In addition to this.
In my opinion, Free Admission to Museums have advantage also have disadvantage.
The number of people will be increase and the pressure of museum would be biggest.
Of course.open museum for free would help people save money.
The most important thing is that more people can known a lot of knowledge for history .nature.
science.nation and so on.
So I think .
My maths teacher is an oragnised woman in forties.
She is very intelligent and she teaches maths so well.
In the past, I don't like maths at all.
But in senior high school, I begin to like maths day by day.
My maths teacher is very patient with us, what's more, she help us with our lessons carefully, sometimes I ask her for help in some quertions, she also has an enthusiastic attitude to me.
My maths teacher wants to improve us ability in solving problems by ourselves.
It is very important for us.
However, she is very stict with us in many ways, such as homework, exams and so on.
For example, they keep the bears in cages, feeding them totake the gall-bladder.
First, just like the advertisement of Cheng Long said:  No business , No killing.
Therefore , unless we forbid the original of business , so we can avoid the bears being hurt.
Second, the businessmen can't avoid the responslbility.
As long as it could make money , they can regardless of work ethic, so they tried their best to feed bears as much as possible to gain profits.
Obviously, they have seen the market, in the field of gall-bladder of bear.
Animals play an importment role in our life, we can't live better without them.
So protected them is protect ourselves.
In a word, No business, No killing.
It is an extremely sensitive topic for us to argue that whether college students should be allowed to get married.
Somebody may think that college students are impetuous and reasonless, and they believe that we cannot make sure we have chosen the right men or women to be the one who will accompany us all the time.
I totally appreciate the unfavourable things which may gonna happen when two college students get married.
But in my piont, you can stop a lot of things but not love.
Even if you have been in the society for a long time, you may still do not know whether you should marry your lover.
So I think love is something you cannot stop and the time is not the standard for the level of your love.
College students also can have true love.
Therefore when he or she gets the right person, they can go and get married.
But it is significant for me to point out that we should not ban the college students to get married, but we indeed should know that we should make sure we are doing the right thing.
And in my opinion, we college students should put our energy in study and try to prove our ability and we should know marriage is not an easy thing.
It needs a great part of the time and energy.
So I suggest college students hold on their feelings.
A lot of people said  Different people have different dreams.
Reading is to the mind while exercise to the body.
If you don't want to ill, you should take an active part in doing sports to keep you healthy.
For me to have a healthy lifestyle, I spent a very long time developing good habits.
I do exercise two or three times a week at least.
I often run and play badminton.
It is not boring.
