So university ranking is.
We can use it as reference.
As the saying goes, We can only eh-large knowledge from practice.
Also there is a saying that practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
There is no doubt that we cannot separate them.
If we just talk about the theory and never practise it.
It will be an armchair strategist.
Theory is based on practice.
The theory which we have learnt from books was proposed by practising again and again by our ancestors.
However, on the other way, in turn, theory surveys practice.
The true theory can be helpful to the practice.
On the contrary, the false theory will be harmful to the practice.
As we all know, man's life is limited.
That means we cannot practise everything by ourselves.
But knowledge is endless.
Needly to say, the importance of theory and practice is a perpetual and invariable topic.
It will be helpful and useful to our life and many other fields if we can make good use of it.
Today, English is more and more crucial for us.
With the time develope, we will have more times use English in our studyang work.
I think if you want to study English better.
You most study listening English best.
Because if we tolk with each other in English, we need to hear what they say.
Now, our school give us a good chance to improve our listening English.
We have three hours every week to practice our listening English.
But many students can't stand it.
If they finish all work they need to do.
I think it is foul.
I think we should listen something we haven't listen to improveour listening English after we finish our work.
I'm Gina.
This is my room.
This is my desk.
My dictionary and my pencil box are on the desk.
That is my bookcase.
My books are in the bookcase.
That is my bed.
The quilt is green.
I always read book in my room oneself.
Dutch humanist Desiderius Erasmus once said nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
As the old saying goes, 'East, west, home is the best.
I feel it a great pleasure to online learning English .
best English lessons in the word.
English is convenient, flexible and inexpensive.
minds.
knowledge.
is a rewarding experience.
If you want to get on well with other people, to be a good listener is a wonderful way to establish relationship.
Nowadays, instead of finding a job immediately, there are more and more students choose to continue pursuing graduate study.
In my opinion, the main benefits of graduate study are as follows.
First, as we know, graduate study needs the spirit of studying by oneself vigorously.
So it can foster our ability of studying independently.
In the second place, by studying in one specialized field deeply, we can be an expert in this field and it is beneficial to job seeking in the future.
In my mind, it is not the key point that only obtained a Master degree.
Most important thing should be that we had a succesful graduate study.
Successful graduate study contains three aspects: outstanding capacity of studying, good communication ability and nice emotional quotient.
In conclusion, I think graduate study is beneficial and rewarding.
We need help from others throughout our life.
But sometime some people who tend to make use of people's help to get the benefits.
like money and other thing.
In my opinion, Help others is helping ourselves.
No one can out of things around and exist in isolation, but at the same time accepting help from others , we have to learn to help others.
I do.
I always like to enter the library for reading books.
In my subconscious, one will not read a book unless it is borrowed.
shortages of patient and backward pressure are long-standing problem in reading among people.
Howevr, people want toobtain konwledge while they can't insist on reading.
At this time, a nice idea occured to some one, that is borrowing books.
If the books are borrowed, there has been intangible pressure that urge man to finish it before the deadline.
The other reason supporting the viewpoint is a phonomena of psychological scarce.
We always regard other people's stuff as the most precious in the world.
As the old saying goes, A book that remains shut is but a block  .
As a boy, he was slow to learn to talk, but later in his childhood he showed great talent about nature and ability to solve difficult mathematical problems.
Because the children there all suffer from serious illness.
No body understands their pain.
I will go to their to teach them to tell stories.
This helps them express their feelings and i wil teach them ti sing because music can bring them joy and peace.
I will improve their courage and help them raise their spirits.
Welcome to my hometown.
Fuyang of Anhui is my hometown .
it's a beautiful place.
It stands besides a wide river and is rich in fish and rice.
In my hometown you can see big trees and nice flowers.
In my hometown my favorite place is Laogudui , because it's a give all of us happy and laugh of place .
Most people thinks this is a good phenomenon, because they believe this can adequate use the ability that people can do they are good at some things, besides this may help the civil development quickly and technology progress; but some people don't think so because of the life, they said that this is hard to adopt the life of civil, and they prefer living with they relative rather than colleague, such as mother, father, daughter and son.
Thesedays, people around the world should bear stress from different directions, especially those who live in urban.
As children, they should struggle for the good marks.
Parents and teachers give a great many resistence on them.
As adults, they are busy working everyday in order to earn enough money to support the young and the old.
Competition, tricks, terrors.
Some people enjoy living a stressful life for the reason that they can keep chasing.
They feel energetic and meaningful.
These people are suitable for jobs like managers and boss.
On the other hand, many people don't think so.
Too much stress make them be out of breath so that they are not happy and complain about a lot.
Such is human nature that we all want to be respected and successful.
However, competitions between people are fierce.
As a result, we can see tragedies all over the world.
As far as i'm concerned, the development of human being is magical.
In modern world, we have to accept a lot including happiness and unhappiness.
We cannot control luck but we can control our attitude towards lifes.
Life is colorful, how to live is up to ourselves.
If we pursue extraordinary one, we can be success.
Remember that there is no can or can't, just you wanna do it or you don't wanna do it.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
Everyone is looking forward to you participation in our class, which is a wonderful group.
There is no need for you to worry the unfamiliar environment, because everybody is ready to help each other .
Besides, all of us can speak flunet English.
So if you join us, I'msure you can make friends and like here quickly.
In addition, the climate here is similar to that in the USA.
So I think you can adapt to it.
In your spare time, you can taste all kinds of delicious traditional Chinese local food.
And I can be your tour guide if you need.
What's more, if it is convenient to you, please introduce some special American culture.
And we'll exchange our culture as well.
National Day is coming .
we students all have a pian fou it .
I am going to Guilin .
My aunt lives there .
I am staying at my aunt She is showing me around the beautifulcity .
I am taking some photos .
My friend form Wuhan , Hubei I plan to visit Beijing forvacation .
I think I can sleep long time but the day is last .
so, the last day Iplan some time for look after my mother .
this holiday l am not only piay happy .
but also understand my parents .
after l dont complain to my parents .
the things they done are good for me .
Gorky once said, Books are the stepping stones to human progress.
My hero is my parents.
My parents not handsome or beautiful.
he is 42 years old, he not tell, but he very strong.
I think my parents was my hero, all through my life and .my mom is a loving mother.
At present, many person are in love in different ways.
For example, there is a convenient way that boys and girls communicate with each other .
It is online communication.
The development of Internet provides a new way of making friends and being in love to people.
So, cyber love is different from other ways of loving.
Because love is born of beauty in the distance and love feeds on mystery about each other.
Cyber love has these features.
But each coin has its two sides, there are aslo some bad sides.
For example, some people may be tricksters.
They can take advantage of Internet to do bad things.
I believe that cyber love has it own true love.
Because love is a product of communication, and cyber love makes people feel the beauty of distance.
Online shopping's fun is found by more and more chinese internet users.
The centre people of the chinese internet says, the first half year there's over 87million chinese people shopped online, that means one fourth of the chinese has experience of online shopping.
The ages between 18--30 students and white-collar workers are the majority of online shopping, their monthly income is about 1000-3000RMB.
Women shoppers or more than men.
Clothes and houseware are most online purchases.
In the past 200 years , no country in Africa escaped being crushed under the boots of European colonists and the people there had to endure cruelty, humiliation, slavery and extermination.
Some reporters report news and events about China just in a dishonest way, by which they could get more gains, for instance , money and reputation.
If they do not obey the order , they would be kicked out.
They take little chances to access to China TV and programs or newspapers and magazines.
As we all know , a badly earthquake that had happened in WenChuan, in 2008 , which is the second largest one after an earthquake that had happened in1978, TangShan, HeBei Provence.
Many people from every quarter of our country , including workers , soldiers, doctors, teachers etc, do all they can to help local people.
And our government allocates supplies to the regions promptly.
Some Western countries support the action of the Dalai Lama .
It is a world with science and technology , maybe every country has a secret weapon.
Just as the old saying goes, The early bird catches the worm.
I'm glad you ask me how to learn Chinese, I here are a few ways to learn good Chinese, you can recommend to you.
First of all, you can take a class in Chinese, you can better learning Chinese, is also likely to encounter very familiar with Chinese friends, you can ask them to have a difficult time.
If you want to be a doctor, you should study very well.
If I am a doctor, I will free to help them and give them a lot of supply.
I think doctor is important all over the world.
She wanted to go to university .
Because of her hard studying.
Her dream has come true.
I like her draws.
She often talks about her draws assertively.
And we talk about law sometimes.
She is easy-going with whoever she encounters.
In her viewpoint, people should be harmonious when we get-together.
She would cheer me up when I was in low spirits.
She is enthusiastic.
I had no much money to go to hospital when I was ill last year.
She lent me money and send me to hospital .
She is the girl who has no arrogance and doen't go with the flow.
So I am.
I appreciate her.
Time flies.
National day is one of the most important holiday in our country , and this day is the longest holiday in chinese law.
These books content are about the culture of country, animal, ; ierature, science and technology.
I will go to your school to take part in the summer camp and put the bok to you.
Whatever your answer is.
It goes without saying that there is no smoke without fire.
There are many reasons accounting for this phenomenon.
For example, if they are busy, they put away the book they have.
However, The situation is quite different from that if books are borrowed.
In that case, they can have a lot to say when they get together.
Travelling has many advantages, which make us enjoy the beauty of the nature.
On the other hand, travelling is of benefit to us both mentally and physically.
By traveling, we can enjoy the beautiful scenery in different places.
I like travelling, because I can continuously train the ability of communication, which can do a great favor after we get our job.
I have a dream when I first entered the university , I hope I was able to in the first year in college pass my CET.
But, in the first year, I have not listened to the lectures in each English class and did not take the initiative to remember vocabulary .
Because I do not have a strong will and there is no effort, I did not succeed.
Strong will to success passes, without a strong will not always adhere to, they will not put into action and there would be no harvest.
Perhaps the success of only one step away from you, however, the absence of firm belief, there is no stick, it will leave you galaxy far.
Now, I at 6:30 every morning will get up to read English and every day to do a reading comprehension.
I hope that in June this year, I was able CET.
I'm afraid I will give up halfway, you can not stick to it, I do not want a loser.
As the city developing , more ang more person come to cities to make livings, which will make housing drop behind the needs.
And land agents make the use of the situation to get big fortunes.
The most powerful power lies in our government.
Some college students maybe have been found that they have been fallen into unhealthy habit , something like that admitted to surf the internet, often sleep very late, cost so much money everyday and so on.
so if you want to get a good future, Not do the things which are bad for you , if you want to change you life, try to do the things like this: make a thing line, list the things which you should do today and tomorrow; make a time line, list you work time and sleep time; make a money list, come up with which money you have used in a wrong way and so on .
E-book, as high-techological outcome, has sharply changed our lives.
some people believe that e-book is good for environment.
Human beings are no longer cutting down trees for making books .
Owing to its digital, all the resource can be downloable at anytime, anywhere.
However, the others hold the opposite ideas.
In their minds, the biggest disadvantage of e-books is that it brings visual and spychological strain, although it has powerful development and space.
What's more, anyone can load down anything from the Internet for free.
That results in copyright issues.
It's unfair to the writers.
My personal conclusion is that e-book is just a tool which helps us doing things better.
In the future, it will be improved in order to make better service for people.
It tends to micromation, intellectualization and so on.
As we all know, as to colloge, we must meet a lots of trouble ovre and over again.
but, trouble can make our syrongy.
Therefore, why we are so afraid when we are meet trouble.
as a result of our ability of deal wiath troble is very bad .
For this problem, family and school should do some things.
as to school.
they can Giving lectures about frustration.on the other hands, family play an important role as to colloge stdent.
My name is H, but call me H if you like .
I am 20 years old.
I'm from Z county, Y city, Q province.
There are five member in my family: me, sister, brother, mother and father.
I have long hair and a pair of big eyes, there are innate slim.
About my character, I con't describe it well, but generally speaking, I am a hard working student especially whenIdo the things Iam interested in.
And Iam confident and outgoing.
Sometimes, I prefer to stay alone, reading book, dancing, but I am not lonely, In my spare time, I often go shopping with my friends and do some sports.
Almost all the qulities are owned by her.
First, she is hardworking, she is always does the housework by herself.
And she can make kinds of delicious foods.
Second, she is not only a good mother, but also a kind daughter-in-law.
She looks after my grandmother patiently and she is never fed up with doing that.
Last, also the important reason I love my mother is that she acts as a friend in my life.
When I was deep in spirit, she encouraged me never to give up.
She is a good listener, she always gave me some advise when I was hesitate in doing something.
My mother told me a lot in life and stuy, I learnt that I should try my best and never give upI .
I feel I am a lucky girl in the world.
First of all, it's no doubt that children became capricious and innocent now, because in the most families, there is only one child, they must give their children all the love they can have, which may spoil them to some extent.
It is the reason that caused the treason and innocence of children.
From this aspect, parents shouldn't indulge their children too much, and they can't always be obedient to them But secondly, it doesn't mean parents don't give love to their children.
Because in the society, there are still having many children making serious mistakes, such as committing a crime, just they lack their parents' love, which resulted in their psychology's problems.
So children need their parents' love and care.
The last but not the least, parents should give their right love to their children.
On one hand, in their study, parents can have reservations in giving their love to their children.
They should be strict with their children and encourage them to work harder.
But on the other hand, parents should care about their children's health and talk with them about their personal life , especially pay more attention to their psychology.
I have known that you are interested in a famous TV program called The Voice of China.
It belongs to a kind of reality show.
The judges sit back of the singers, if they think the singer has a excellent voice, they can turn their chairs back.
As far as I concerned, this TV program attracts a large number of young audiences.
Many ordinary people are involved in it and become famous.
The U.
Almost every family has one or two car to travel, to visit relatives and friends, to go to work, to pick up the kids, to attend the meeting, to enjoy the car brings joy and so on.
Different people have different habits.
Here are some unhealthy habits.
Such as liking sleeping late , cost much , and addicted to games.
All of the habits are vitally bad.
canˊt Be absorbed in listening to teactherˊspeech .
we cost much can lead to us very poor .
Even we have no money to buy food , that is harmful to our body .
Fascinated with games also distract us from studying .
All in all , I hope students of college donˊt make oneself relax heavilly .
pian for ourself .
If that, we can develop a healthy habits gradually.
With the development of science and technology .
The living standard of people also follow to improve .
It forward genera lization, high speed developed .
Expamd our knowledge .
Of couse, internet also have the dark side.
Some people establish not health website .
Teeenager the browsing the web site .
Cause teenager listlessness, Addicted te internet theganme.
You can't imagine how excited I was when I knew the news that you would set up an Spoken English lesson, Though I can only make some easy communications with foreigners, I'm eager to speak English fluently, as English has already become the first language in the world.
what's more Ireally want to be internationl and travel around the world by myself.
If someone ask you who do you love most, I believe almost of you will say the person one of your family members .
we met in our hight school.
he is a thoughtful, forgiving, caring and tender youth.
In my eyes he just like an elder brother for me.
When we are deskmates , all he did for me let me be happy and moved.
In the winter, when the weather was getting cold, he would close me to a cup of hot water.
If the weather was going to be worse, he allways remembered reminding me to wear a thick.
Once he found that I am not happy, he may get down to sang a gentle song or sat down with me in silence.
Eventhough sometimes he was not a good listener like most of boys, he also gave me the warmth what I wanted in the past time and will continue to love me in the future.
He is just a special lover, as my relative.
Some of them hold the view that it's good for high school students to get online frequently.
They think that going online can not only acquire knowledge, but also open our minds.
In addition, we can chat with friends in order to exchange ideas.
However, the other students hold the different opinion.
They think we should try not to be online for so long time, because it's harm for our eyes.
Moreover, if we lost ourselves in chating and playing, we will lost interest in studying.
Also, going online will waste our time and energy, as a result, we have no time to revise and exercise.
As far as I can see, Internet is good but we shouldn't go online frequently.
We should go online for our study, not only for playing.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of technology, network commnication has become an important way to communication.
People rarely reach an absolute consensus on such a controversial issue.
Some people believe that network commnication will take place of the others sooner or latter.
The advantages are that you can chat with everyone you want without going out and it's a way of instant messaging.
Moreover the network commnication is much more convenient than any others.
However, others hold the absolute opposite view that the network commnication would never be the one.
Network commnication is not that officially in their eyes.
What's more, face-to-face commnication can never be replaced.
In terms of my opinion, I'm inclined to the latter one.
Even if the network commnication is convenient, the previous ways of social contact will not disappear.
However, things were not as easy as I had thought.
We often got up very early.
Sometimes five o'clock, sometimes three o'clock.
The most challenging day impressed all of the students a lot and all of things seemed hard to come over.
We got up at 2:30 am , ate some bread as our breakfast.
Then, we would hike nearly 20 kilometers.
Unluckily, the weather was too bad for it had an extremely heavy rain and a strong wind.
But we still need to go on.
At the beginning, we ran for a long distance and we were not allowed to take our umbrellas.
We were cold, sleepy and worried.
The rain became more heavy and the wind was more strong.
When we took the umbrellas, some of them were broken by the wind and rain.
All the way, we just had two rests.
The most terrible thing is that there was no toilet.
We were thirsty but we can't drink too much water.
After 3 weeks of military training, we started our academic life.
We became more busy.
We are supposed to take classes from morning to dusk.
In addition, after class, we have to do a lot of homework.
It results that we almost have no time to do what we really interest and want to do.
I get along well with my roommates, we usually eat together, go to the class together and study together.
We complain about the meal that we eat now and then.
We may talk about our teachers and some classmates' interesting things.
We often have conversations on the ways to keep ourselves healthy such as drinking more water and go to bed early at night.
In our dormitory, it is pretty that no one stay up late.
We are very pleasure to inform you that the projected goods under our NO.
J-29 Sales Confirmation has been shipped by S.
PEARL  .
And it will be transported on S.
MAYFLOWER in hongkong.
Dreams are the goals that people want to achieve.
When I were a senior high school student, my dream was going to a university where I can grow up.
In order to success, I made a plan and put into practice .
In the morning, I waked up early to recite the crucial articles, formulas and poems and so on.
In the afternoon, I went to class and completed my homework after having a simple break.
And on the evening, I will review or prepare lessons.
During this special period, I studied as if I will die tomorrow though the labour was very hard.
After I attain my dream, I know that my labour is very valuable.
Because NASA is in U.
University life is mysterious.
Suddenly, I have already came to the college life.
About university life, l am full of curiosity, one of the best things about university life is living away from home, I have freedom to do whatever i want to do.
In spite of this , I still keep happy , it gives me a lot of benefits.
For example, i can make friends with my classmates or other people.
I can give happy for my roommates , so they call me little funny than.
I think the university life let I learned to independence .
Many people are suffering from extreme climates, acid rains or food poisoning now.
It's high time that environmental problems should be recognized as an essential source of threats to human survival.
On the one hand, hazardous substances should be controlled to allow for proper treatment while residuals for safe disposal.
To everyone's knowledge, we should spare no efforts to help avoid those man-made disasters.
I never thought one day I could to be a teacher.
So many years, the only thing I do is to learn to be a good student.
I finished the homework my teachers ordered, reciting the articles.
I never want to be a teacher, but today, I should teach the middle school.
Suddenly, I'm a little afraid.
I don't know if I can take the responsibility.
It's unbelievable.
So, this means my English is not good.
I should do more practice.
Firstly, I think the most important reason is the market competition.
Every business wants to develop themselves better.
Secondly, the business are looking forward to earning much money.
So they use kinds of way to the commodity packaging and lead to excessive packaging.
The last but not least, I think it's about the mind of customers.
To reduce the excessive packaging.
On the other hand, the business should to ensure the quality of the commodity, not only to pursue the excessive packaging.
In addition, the customers should set up a right consumption view.
A good school should have a good teacher.
I think that the good teacher rich in knowledge.
This is very important.
And then the good teacher is intersting and amusing .
Students get good grades in exams.
So like to give students a lot of tests; love to talk to students.
On the holiday.
Last weekends I helped my mom to make too much chores, but I still felt happy.
First, Icooked breaketfast, after the breaketfast I did the dishes andsweep the floor.
then Iwashed the clothes and help my sister make the bed.
Next I cleaned the living roomand water the flowers.
Finally I washed the clothes and took out the rubbish.
I didn'twatch TV until 13:00.
More and more Chinese internet users found the pleasure of online shopping.
The CNNIC said, there were more then eight thousand seven hundred million Chinese bought things on the Internet in the first half-year, that means there are a quarter Chinese netizens had experiences of online shopping.
And most of them are eighteen to thirteen-year-old students or white-collar works.
Woman shops on line more the man did.
We expect that the trend of online shopping will be just increases and never decreases.
Second, I have to obey the rules such as the limit of using electric appliances.
In the long run .our Earth has changed a lot.
for example.
The severe air pollution alarms humans of the heavy load we have project earth .
but some people usually by car and fell trees .
Therefore, Earth is our home .
Second, try hard to develop possible transportation means, which are enviromental friendly.
we should project animals.
because the are our frends.
we should reduce ourself cars.
because it is cause air pollution.
to protect the environment.
governments of many countries have done a lot.
we are should save water.
yes, you must have noticed that.
Maybe you also want to persuded them stop killing, only because your power is very small, the killer think money is the most important.
In our society, a lot of productions make by some rare animalst, some medical, some cloth, and some food, and so on.
if our customers refuse to use those things, the works will not product that.
Maybe a lot of customers think using those things can show my power in our society, but i think it's very wrong .
if you have a kind heart to protect the animals.
it can also show your beauty.
it's not only apprance but also your heart, the beauty from your heart is real beauty.
so our customers shoud change our opiont about the wold, learn to protect animals, creat a safe place for their to live.
So let's stop the business, let's help our friend to grow, no business, no killilg.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman very happy beacuse the meat with water sold out.
In order to earn themselves benefit, they can deceive other people without hesitate.
In my opinion, what the vital quality for a person is honesty.
It can help us open ourselves heart to others and also give our more opportunity to read others action.
Today my english teacher asked us to write a composition about problems of my life.
I feel a little confused.
It seems that my life goes well so far.
I have no problems with it.
I abide by the law, and go to school on time.
respect my teachers and parents and so on.
So i find I have nothing to sty on this topic.
In another word, I think I'm perfect as a students.
I am a student and I have so many problems that I must work hard at school.
So I have no time to do some sports and we don't speak to our classmates.
I can't watch TV at home.
play computer games or listen to music.
I've also got a problem of easily for getting things.
I am the monitor of our class.
One day .
When I arrived home after school .
I suddenly remembered that my homework sheet was left in the classroom.
So I ran back to my home school in a hurry trying to get it.
As soon as I stood in front of the door of our classroom.
I reailsed that the key of the door.
Which was kept by me.
The monitor was put on my tableat home.
Oh no.
How serious this problem is.
Personality exhibited the moral character of a person .
Everyone have a distinct character .
As for me , I have my own personality .
I am optimistic though I often have few words in the public.
When I face misfortune , my optimistic character will help me tide over the difficulties.
Sometimes I am not that enthusiasm for people and someone will view me as a cold person, but to tell the truth I am an easygoing person.
I try my best to familiar to the strangers.
With the development of the society and the business, more and more people worry that they have not get a job.
Firstly, you should be confident.
As we all know, so many people around us are very famous.
They are very confident.
When they are communicating with others, they make themselves related and they are always humorous.
Secondly, you should care your body language .
As far as I'm concerned it is one of a barrier to succeed in your job interview.
I want you know that you should change the style of sitting, wear a normal uniform with a tie and change some bad habits for yourselves, even though it is a little difficult.
Lastly but not least, you should learn your own professorial knowledge well.
I think if you don't have ideal technology, when you are in the job interview, you may not say some useful things to persuade interviewer to admit you.
I travel last week.
just back.
Nowadays, the low-carbon lifestyle comes to capturing people's attention and becoming more and more popular.
A low-carbon lifestyle refers to a kind of lifestyle consuming less energy thus producing less carbon dioxide, which is very harmful to the environment.
As we all know, excessive carbon dioxide can cause the temperature of the Earth to rise , which will result in global warming.
As a college student, I have an obligation to protect our environment.
I make up my mind to develop a low-carbon lifestyle by making small changes in daily life.
I will ride my bike instead of taking a bus as much as possible.
Besides, I will switch off the lights every time before I leave my room.
A series of problems follow.
Most parents don't live with their children together, so it's easy for them to produce a lonely mood.
If parents older, their action is not flexible.
As their children, we should go home more often, clean the house even do some housework.
At ordinary times, we could always call them, chat with them and share something new with them.
They may be very happy.
The older are similar to the children, they all need to be loved.
Therefore, give the parents more love and care.
Today my speech topic is how to take part in evacuation drill.
In our shool, every term will hold the evacuation drill.
It was known to all that this activity wants to teach us how to face the dangrous situations.
Nevertheless, when this activity was helding , students are not serious about this.
For example, sometimes students are going to laugh and talk loudly.
My speech is over.
I hope you can take my advice.
As all humans, we hate to be promised with something that is never done with action.
The government has repeatedly to the guarantee of food safety problems will be strict inspection and supervision, but in recent years the illegal activities about food safety are emerged in endlessly .
The government should employ the actual action to ensure the food safety, rather than promise.
Just as the saying goes:  Actions speak louder than words.
Moreover, in China .
You should pay me a new one.
Once my grandpa said:  Children should be placed in the heart of pain.
In Africa, antelopes open their eyes every morning and the first thinking is that they have to run faster than the fastest lion runs.
With the rapid development of the society, many youths left their parents and hometown in order to earn much money and catch up with the trend.
We have only one earth, so please protect it.
But now people are doing something to hurt the earth.
For example, people catch many fish in the sea every day, it's make the fish fewer and fewer, and they put a lot of dirty water into the sea, this pollution the water.
Now, there are many factories on the earth, the factories burn things to make energy, and it is pollution the air.
People also pollution the ground, they throw the rubbish away and put Plastic bags under the ground, and we cut dnow the trees, desproy the forest and animals home.
This all hurt our beautiful earth.
we can't live with out air, food and water.
The youth are the future of our country, and those of them are the main power of prosperous development in China.
With the process of society, it's necessary for them to be an international, comprehensive and open-minded person.
As a member of society , the influence of our behaviors is not restricted to ourselves, but also probably to others.
It's quite common nowadays for some people to meet their own needs regardless of other's feeling.
Namely, everthing must be followed by his satisfactory.
Take my dormitory as an example.
It happens frequently that someone talks to her boyfriend on the phone while others is trying to fall asleep.
In addition, if people always treat themselves as the center of the organization, they tend to be more unsympathetic.
When her roommate falls sick, few offer to help, but regard it as none of their business.
Another example is that some young people spend money as much as they have.
Virtually, they take less care of how hard-working their parents are.
On the other hand, parents also have the legal obligation to teach their children to be become an useful people, not just cater to their needs.
For the reasons what I have mentioned, the youth in China today are more self-centered and unsympathetic than were previous generation.
The new eco shops people have inaugurated is unusual in essence, entirely different from the physical shops in real life.
In contrast, the demerits of online shopping cannot be in defiance of.
You don't know me; you wire the money to me.
Ten years later, maybe I will get married to a girl or maybe I will still live with my family.
  I can't live without it.
Whatever he does, he never gives up because he has an amazing strong will.
I tell my friends to keep on getting up when they full and to always love themselves.
There is a pair of opposite ideas on group cooperative learning is good or not.
Some people consider that it is good.
Some people would say that it is not beneficial to study English.
They hold this view because classroom discipline would be bad.
Someone prefer to study on his own rather than study together.
As far as i am concerned.
I agree with group cooperative learning is good.
Admittedly, we can adopt other's strong points while overcoming our weak point.
Furthermore, it also active classroom atmosphere.
Finally we would share the joy of learning.
but i have a letter free time .
I want to study English for different reasons.
I have some kind and patient English teachers, and all of them are ladies, so I feel very warm.
I like seeing English movies, because they are better than ours.
It's necessary to communicate with foreigners so I want to study English well.
I can catch the meanings in an English song after I study English.
For the requirement of society, I must be able to use the English.
I think Christmas Day is very inportant day , because in Christmas Day we have holiday and we can play and eat dinner with our parents .
According to the Bible, the holy book of Christians, God decided to allow his only son, Jesus Christ, to be born to a human mother and live on earth so that people could understand God better and learn to love God and each other more.
Christmas meaning celebration of Christ honors the time when Jesus was born to a young Jewish woman Mary.
In the story, the cook show his daughter three things in the boil water to answer his daughter's question.
In our life we will encounter many problems which we can't avoid.
At this time, there is no choose but face it.
Even though we can have the best way to face it.
After that they study to protect themselves like an egg its thin shell had protect its liquid interior, but it is fragile.
At the end, it has many experience can become coffee bean.
In some big cities , have a lot of people had not house and they had to rent the house .
First, more and more people get to the city and their family also go to the city.
theny need houe to life .
Second, if you want to buy a hous you must have enough mony, that is to say the house is expensive.
It my opinion the goverment shoule bulit moer and more economical and practical property.
in this way, more and more people will be have own house.
I can take care of myself but not very good.
The photo was taken by WuZeYang.
The boy who is in the photo is my friend WangZiJie.
He was tall and he was in a yellow shirt at the time.
He is good at running, so he entered the competition.
Even though he was the last one, he was very hard and became the first one.
He was the first one pass the finishing line.
  Nowadays, with the rapid development of society, people attach great importance to diligence.
In my opinion, to begin with, not all of us are genius.
If an ordinary person want success, he must be working harder.
Otherwise, he won't have any advantages to achieve success.
Furthermore, the more you pay, the more you gain.
You pay more perspiration for the project, you are able to find the best way to do this work.
For this reason , you can do the work well and achieve success.
Last but not least, diligence is a really precious character for us.
In summary, from what has been mentioned above, we may conclude that diligence helps to achieve success.
Diligence plays a significant role in our society.
This movie is an accurate story.
The U.
The teacher makes their students interested in their class.
But she also will like to give students a lot of tests .
Maybe the teacher is a strict and unsmiling teacher.
But she also love to talk to students.
She always kind and patient when we make mistakes.
Sometimes be angry with us.
The teacher have to have rich in knowledge.
Although he was so cold, he didn't wake his teacher up.
He waited for a long time.
Finally his teacher woke up.
He was surprised because the ground was covered with thick snow here and there.
He really looked up to his teacher.
I had a long holiday for National Day.
I want to go to Beijing.
Because it was the capital of our country.
And I also want to go to DaLian.
As the weather it was very good in Dalian, especially the scenery and seafood.
At home.
I helped my parents to do farm work, and it was very tired.
In the morning, we got up at 5 o'clock, about 6 o'clock we will go to the field to do some work.
Such as cut the corn, cut the sorghum, cut the sunflower and so on.
In the afternoon, we often go to the field at 13 o'clock, Because I don't often do some work.
I think this was the best way to experience life, and also let's know the fatigue of the parents, will inspire us to study hard.
In today society, Blind-date show becomes more and more universal, whenever we turn on the TV, those incredible scence of on blind-date show would pop up the screen.
An increasing number of channels show On Blind-show, they may seem to be fantastic and funny, a large audience is fascinated by them.
They also can let strangers become objective affection.
It is an extremely good way to find your Mr.
Right.
On the other hand, some girls on the show are very realistic.
Thanks for your last letter asking about the popular TV program, The Voice Of China.
As a reality talent, the program has a feature that the judges audition without watching the singers' performance, aiming to show its honesty.
Judges sit on chairs with their backs to the singers and if attracted to the voice of certain singer, they can turn the chairs in order to show their interests.
In my opinion, with great honesty, The Voice Of China has attracted plenty of audiences, turning out to be a huge success.
Therefore, it appeals to me a lot as well.
I hope my introduction can be of use for you.
frangkly speaking the great majority of chinese are a bit gluttonous, while unfortunately they have to be trapped in a terrible situation where they could hardly find safe food.
they are unable to choose a reassuring milk powder for their baby.
Absoluty answer is the problems concern physical health.
Most importantly, inabliity of regulatory authorities to solve the problems makes them fearful.
TO figure out this matter, government and masses ought to be together in an effort to find ways out.
First of all, there must be effective regulations to block the source of profit of the operator like tidhtening inspection of accounts and taxes.
Secondly, treat the masses as a smart inspector.
Clean off obstacles and accept the complaints of consumers.
For above reasons, the food safety problem is a long-term undertaking which needs everyone's striving.
Welcome to one of the four big foshan Jiu Hua mountain my hometown is very beautiful .
It is generally considered the fable of Professed love of what one really fears.
This offers a typical instance of the greatest talkers are always least doers.
I'm glad to write to you.
Last year I met you in camp for high school students learn language in America.
Now, my school THE HIGH SCHOOL ATTACHED TO NANKAIUNIVERSITY will have a similar summer camp this year.
Last year, I felt very happy at summer camp.
I made many new friends and learned a lot of knowledge about language.
This summer camp , we will visit the city.
You can learn the Tianjin culture.
The most important is that you can experience Chinese family life.
My roommate was watching the football game, and he cheered his favorite team while watched.
The sound of his voice and the voice of the game was very large.
I feeled very angry.
I think he is a kind and considerate person.
It's my privilege to give this speech.
You must accomplish your speech within 5 minutes.
In the third paragraph, We'll never parley; we'll never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang.
  From this nothing will turn us-nothing.
In addition, Any man or state who fights on against-Any man or state who marches with Hitler is our foe.
In the fourth paragraph, -without distinction of race, creed, or party.
My girl friend, who does any thing clumsily.
But that's also why I love her.
One day when I waked up, I was so tired that I couldn't got up from the bed.
''Meanwhile, the celephone was ringing.
It's my girlfriend's number.
Nowadays, poison gases which are let out from cars or factories and the excessive disafforestation in many countries lead to a worse and worse air quality.
What's more, some big cities are seriously polluted.
As for people, they inhale the toxic air pollutant which will cause lung cancer or other disease and then do harm to their body.
Therefore, actions like controlling the quantity of cars and banning the factories from discharging pollution need to be taken immediately.
Whatever people do rely on the Internet.
It is undeniable that Internet has become the utmost concern among people.
Acorrdling to reality, it's impossible.
The reason can be listed as follows.
For one thing, Communication on Internet can not convey real emotion and not easy to touch.
For another, It is not safety for us to talk vital something, and it could be dangerous.
However, not everyone shares the opinion.
I had stated my mind that Internet could not replace it.
Reading books are a way to study and relax, but the books are so much.
Someone hold the view that we should read reading selectively.
They think that different books have different effect on person.
And we should choice the book which useful for us, such as science books, art books, literature books and so on.
They thinks that those books can increasing our konwledges and ability.
Others people thinks we should reading extensively.
Every books have its effect for person.
For example, nagatively books can help us releising different life experience and attiutude.
But, we should not read books about forbidden and unhealthy .
as far as I'm concerned, I think we should reading extensively.
We can't have many different life experience but we don't ourselves life.
So we should learn and get some class from others by books.
''Knowledge is power.
This is a saying from Francis Bacon.
As we all know, a good book can make you a big change and influence your life attitude.
Reading is an important part of my life.
When I was a little girl, I began to go to school.
And I learn many things from books, include Chinese, maths, Englih, Geography and so on.
Although some people hold the point that the best way of learning is practice.
I can't agree with that.
First of all, only we know enough knowledge, thus can put it into practice.
To sum up, we are supposed to acquire much knowledge from books, and then put it into practice.
As long as you are his children, can hold to enjoy happiness, and the effective period is the end of life.
Later, gradually understand once naive how I hurt the heart, then, to hear their words of concern, feel guilty in the heart.
There is one thing in the depth of my memory.
I used to deal every subject well in my elementary school, so i carried pride to go to my junior school.
I promised to my parents that i would never make them disappointed.
On the contary, i was just talking and laughing when other students worked hard.
In my youth, this experience was to change my whole outlook on study.
Since my parents and teachers are not a bit happy about my scores, i had no alternative but to work hard.
I deciplined myself to do more exercises every day.
However busy i was, i recited more phrases than others.
Especially the white snow.
I believe that many students have never seen snow.
In the meantime, Not only are the boys and girls both skating in the river happily, but also they can have a good time.
It's good for us to share our things to others.
One day after school, I felt so hungry, so I brought some cookies.
When I was eating, I noticed that my brother was looking at me.
I thought maybe he was hungry.
So I gave him some cookies.
When he was eating, he was so happy.
But now I know, because of sharing, I can feel very happy.
Call someone that you walk 30 minutes everyday and do whatever to keep you blood pressure number to 115/75.
Eat an ounce of nuts a day.
Because nuts raise HDL good cholesterol and decrease inflammation.
What's more, learn your HDL number and do what you can to raise it to 50.
Eat 10 tablespoons of tomato sauce a week and you will get a great benefit.
Floss you teeth regularly Eat no more than 20 gram of saturated fat a day and as little trans fat as possible.
in my school has floors first floor.
there are six class rooms .
there is a canteen .
there are eleven teachers'office and an Art room.
Third floor , there is ten class rooms .
and eight teachers  office.
forth floor .
there are eight class rooms.
there are eight teachers office.
there is a computer room.
Our class rooms is in the forth floor.
In our class, there are some table, it's green.
I often read many books about this , and watching the science fiction film .
With time goes by .
But now, I am a student of university .
But, in spite of this .
Yes, there are a lot of things like these you can see in China, such are parents love their children that children are losing their independent gradually, and there are more and more parents complain about their children can't make decisions by themselves.
In the first place, parents should give children their own private space, and let them make decisions by themselves.
Parents can give advice to their children and help them make decisions more correctly, not to inference their children in every aspect.
Furthermore, parents should also not to laissez-faire children and more efforts should be made by parents to help their children to be independent.
Finally, I think children can find a part-time job when they not busy.
A part-time job can help children know more about our society and they can learn how to communicate with people.
As far as I'm concerned, parents should help their children be independent, instead of determining everything for them, and children should be most happiest to improve the ability to overcome difficulties independently.
In my view, character is one of the most essential things in our life.
We are students, studies are extremely important, but the character education is as important as what we study at the school.
It means that schools should attach great importance to character education when they practice students' study abilities.
As is known to all, the importance of character education is obvious.
To be a great person, we should do as a role model to others.
Character is the basic of being a person, then we can grow in a right way.
Or we may make a lot of mistakes in our life.
With the merger of east and west, Uwe Scholz return to the west from the Soviet Union.
So, Uwe Scholz needs used to maintain the operation of the theatre.
She is an honest woman and work hard during the working time.
As we all know, though the future is variable, setting up the concept of planning is beneficial to living and becoming what kind of person is the major factor to influence your economic income.
As for me, after long deliberation, I intend to be a designer who is serious, humorous and responsible.
First of all, being a person who can do the things you like is available for that we live happier, and the designer is what I love most, it is not nothing but interesting, so there is no doubt that I want to become a designer.
Secondly, I want to be a person who has the ability to do the things you like, interest and ability are equally, indispensable.
Anybody which is blind to this may pay a heavy price.
In addition, design is a serious thing constitutionally.
Finally, I think in the good designer is also an attractive.
Having the sense of responsibility, sense of humour.
Of course, the dream turn into a reality is difficult.
Working hard consistently, so that you could become the person you want to be in the future.
By this criterion, I will strain every nerve to do such a person.
On the development of the electric network , an increasing number of people are involved on the internet .
The development of the electric network provide the new wags of love and make friends, so cyber love become more and more generally .
Love is a product of communication , everyone has an authority of love.
love feeds on mystery about each other .
On cyber love two ones has a mysterious, love is born of beauty in the distance.
Cyber love also has the disadvantages , true love does not grow without contact between two minds and true love depends on acceptance of each other's merits.
On cyber love we should more and more carefully .
Love in one's heart is like a hidden fire.
Charles dickens's life was full of legend.
When he was 11 years old, his family get in trouble.
But Charles was lucky.
He worked labelling in factory; the job was very hard for the young boy.
He never told the work experience to anyone except for his wife.
But he learned something useful from the job.
When he was 15 years old, he worked in a lawyer's office and worked out his first publication.
When he was 21 years old, began to appear in magazines.
He wrote some famous works bofore he was 24 years old and he wrote another ten novels over the following 24 years old.
When he was not writing he was either traveling.
He became the father of ten children.
One of his pastimes was taking a long walk at high speed.
He was popular in Italy and his death made front page headlines.
As we know that there are much violence exists in cities.
Many people couldn't change the situation except build a new town life Milton keynes.
The reason of violence is that the planners lack of control.
The only way we can solve this problem is that we can create circumstances where people feel more control.
There is another way to change the situation.
The government should be nudge people in the right direction by taking every opportunity to foster a sense of community.
The most important is that they were set up by voluntary action.
Everyone should be responsible for community.
Because many supermarkets are in the city.
Not only can you buy tasted food, cool drunk, pretty clothes which just you want in the supermarkets, but also it is convenient for us to go shopping, and you can shop online.
Finally, the city living people have wide choice of shop, and they need different kinds of services.
L should prepare some materials.
Third, l put cream of mixed into toaster, the temperature of toastor should keep between 120*c to 170*c.
then, l use some fruits that decorate my cook.
You can discover such a practise phat, a book, even cloth as a mark which suggest the seat is taken.
That student who occupy a seat definitely want to improve their study, the actions contribute to opposite forces, however they can have a comfortable seat to get the knowledge at any times.
On the other hands, it is so unfair to other students even they go to classroom or library in early morning.
As far as I am concerned, I opposite the behavior totally.
Reserving a seat is not fit the moral of university students.
We should usher in good manners not this.
Although there is so much water on earth, there is a little water we can drink.
With the development of industry, the pollution of water is heavier and heavier.
Meanwhile, a lot of waste is made by people in daily life.
Some of them pollute the clean water.
And the farmers also use clean water to irrigate plants and fruits.
What's more, there are some people don't have a sense of protecting the clean water.
They pour the waste into the river.
Local government could make some advertisements that tell people how to reuse water so that to save water.
We should take measures immediately to protect the clean water.
We should develop a good habit of using water.
When we see someone is wasting clean water.
We should prevent it.
The local government should make some law to punish the actions of wasting or polluting clean water.
I think.
If we all spend time to doing something to protect the clean water.
The first thing to do is to make sure when and where will you go with your companion.
If you need to go there by train or plane, you should go to ticket office to by the ticket or pay for it on the internet.
Above all, I disagree with the view sending young people outside for education without their parents' accompany .
This article mainly tells that the U.
Despite the increase in exports brings the U.
The lesson was all a film, a story about love, about miracle: August Rush.
It was the third or the fourth time near the end of the term that Maria had given the Video, Audio and Oral English.
A girl met a boy and they fell in love at the first time, they had a child but lost.
Then the girl became a woman, the boy became a man.12 years later all of the three went on their way to find the others: the mother, the father, the child, the lover.
Therefore the only connection is music, the three thought the more sound made the closer they got to each other.
There would be a day together they believe.
When the film over, Maria let us talk freely, anything can get proper responses from her.
Not a long time I lost in my world: Listen, can you hear.
The music.
I can hear it everywhere in the wind, in the air, in the light, it's all around us.
All you have to do is to open yourself up, all you have to do is listen.
Even now I still keep the day in my mind.
That day in the summer, a story August Rush, the old Maria's passion, my meditation.
being a teacher can bring you a lot of happiness.
family and have more time to take care of people who you love.
teacher enhances your life's quality.
other aspects, you can find that you are happy when you see these changes.
I got two tickets to a concert awarded by Westlife, an extremely popular singer group nowadays, this Saturday evening at Guangzhou International sports arena.
I cognize you are their fan so I'd glad to invite you to come with me, both of us will have a wonderful time there.
An old woman sitting in front of a mirror saying his son to go to work, grandson to school, a person rather lonely at home.
This picture fully reflects the lonely elderly people only look at himself in the mirror.
Contemporary China gradually entered the aging society, the elderly are also more and more.
Many lives as lonely as the figure for the elderly.
First of all, the idea of the elderly can not keep pace with the times, they are unable to adapt to the Internet era, such as my grandfather would not use mobile phones, computers and so on.
Received by the rural elderly urban life completely rely on their children.
Now, more and more people start learning another language, so they will meet some trouble.
Some people may think learning language is difficult, but in fact they can acknowledge it easily.
First, reading it loudly is crucial, it can help you remember the vocabularies quickly.
Second, you can try to see the English films or listening to the English songs, it also can improve your learning skill.
Third, I think you can try your best to communicate with foreigners, because they are native speakers, their flow is original.
my partner .
I have my breakfast at about 6:30.
Then I clean my room, wash my face and brush my teeth.
I do morning exercises at 7:50.
My sister.
I go to bed at 10:00.
In the current society, the civil service continued to heat up extremely, and the number of college graduates increased year after year to apply for the civil service.
And even the emergence of more than 3000 individuals compete for a position.
The reason, I believe it is the change of times.
With the prosperity of economy and the progress of society, the employment situation is extremely serious.
The economic efficiency of enterprise is not stable, and employees are not guaranteed.
College students own business risk is heavy.
In terms of tackle this kind of phenomenon, personally speaking, I approve of speed up the reform of the civil service system.
Specific performance in the following aspects: First of all, the government agency should abolish the system of lifelong tenure civil service posts.
Secondly, government should break the wages of a secure job.
It is true that these measures are beneficial.
Nowadays people have spent lots of money on shopping, and some of the person have not control shopping.
So that they buy many useless things.
some person like buy use coupons or when it on sale.
Firstly, when we need buy and have coupons we can use it to buy.
but do not buy too much , through it is cheaoer than before , as well we should mind it quality.
Secondly some shops have coupons or sales , we should buy useful things, do not buy useless for you life , and too much papers pack is also not mentions well goods.
and it is waste money.
Last but not least , everytime when we shopping what is you need and what is you like , not buy just because of like it , it is also waste money , because you buy it but do not use it .
If one killed another or committed other crimes, he would be sentenced to death .
In order to deter crimes, the death penalty has a long history.
With the progress and development of society, human civilization has got to such a high point that people begin to pay more and more attention to the death penalty.
Every country has made strict law about what kind of crimes deserve it.
In the recent years, the death penalty has been getting much more attention than ever before from people all over the world.
Whether it is a step back or not has been a hot issue.
Some people believe that the death penalty is a step back and should be abolished.
They don't suppose that the death penalty will deter the crimes; and will bring more pain to the families of offenders.
While others oppose it.
They claim that it will take effects on decreasing the rate of crimes.
As far as I am concerned, I'm in favor of the former one.
If one murdered another , the one wouldn't come up to life again even if the other is sentenced to death.
Furthermore, it will cause more tragedies .
And if one committed other crimes, what has done cannot be undone, so his death would not change anything.
I admit that the death penalty will deter crimes in some way, but it is too cruel for the criminals'family.
And it can't deter the crimes wholly, what'more, , it will bring more sorrows to the society.
Though it is a must to punish the evils, I think that there are more ways other than the death penalty, however.
As far as we can know, Every year hundreds of thousands of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
In my opinion, I think it have many reasons for this phenomenon.
The phenomenon should be attributed to following impacts.
Firstly supervisor sounds like pretty job.
Conventional wisdom is that working for all citizens is respectable.
If one is a citizen servant, all his relatives may feel pround in our country.
Secondly, it is believed that supervisor has good job condition and fascinating salaries.
The permanent job makes people feel security especially in this new, diverse, competitive society.
Form my opinion, national civil servants can be an appealing career out of question, but everyone should make their choices by considerate thoughts, rather than go with the stream.
I insist that, in any profession, there is someone excels all the rest.
In my oppinion, circuses should be banned in our city.
Like Andrews said in the letter, wild animals have the right to be free in the world.
They also have the feeling about the environment around.
I think they also like freedom, enjoy the time playing with their friends, want to live with their family happily but not live in small cages, full of training everyday.
Nowadays more and more people become care about animals, we should also care about animals in hundreds and thousands of circuses, some of them may be old, some of them may be sick.
QQ most wo konw, and many people have QQnumber, accord to me, most student have QQnumber, and them very like it, not only that, some old peopel have QQnumber, and I think the old people is very fashion.
So, we can konw how to QQ with great charm.
For the RenRen, I think most student know it, RenRen is a website, people can use own true information registration, so, most primary school student and old people haven't RenRen account, but RenRen still very hot, because people can speak freely and make friendship with another.
As to it, I want to give some basic information .
I want to travel , I decide to go to Paris.
When I go to Paris , I will go to Paris nightclub.
In my opinion, university life is colorful.
because I feel unhappy, I do not like the city of Hohhot.
Remember to attend college entrance examination when the university is like a dream, but now expectations are far greater than the disappointment.
In addition to every class is dwelling in the dormitory, slowly lost interest in learning.
Hope for the future.
Study hard make progress every day.
More friends, actively participate in various activities and community.
I think it's good for me.
To have a life of their own.
Will bring us a lot of useful things.
Dear Mr.
I'm L, a middle school student from China and I'm study in London now.
My suggestions are as follows.
Firstly, the hoster of the house must be enthusiastic and he can speak English fluently, so it's easy for me to communicate with him.
Secondly, I hope the hoster can offer me to free wash my clothes and I can cook by myself.
Finally, it's better that my host family is in the center of the city and it's convenient for me to take the subway to my school.
The Social Network Sites are so popular in present society.
There are many different views on this, someone think Social Network Sites is good for us, because we can making many friends in that and can enrich our leisure time, The Social Network Sites to provide a plat form for the exchange.
We are pleased to inform you that under our sales confirmation No.J - 29 of the goods shipped S.Pearl , was transfered by S.
Nowadays, making a conservation-oriented campus is extremely crucial.
And the conception of conservation-oriented campus is economical and harmonious.
Life's environment would get great.
Briefly speaking, economy makes life more nice.
The conservation-oriented is a new and faddish topic .
For us, we don't have a sense of the economy.
It's exceedingly terrible.
As a student, we should regard school as home.
In other word, 'love me , love my dog'.
On the one hand, consevation-oriented campus help students gain resources and energy.
In order to create a conservation-oriented campus, and taking action is best way.
Frist of all, we must have a habit.
We have a deep-entrenched misconception prevalent among college students.
On the contrary, the economy is a kind of virtue .
Then I could suggest and influence others.
There are some positive suggestions.
Saving water is a meaningful thing.
Saving water is to cherish life.
Schools ask students to save water.
We should take advantage of electricity.
Do never make the light on in all daytime if undue.
It isn't easy.
Students should reduce to use disposable things.
Students could recycle whatever we can lay hands on.
And so on.
We must recognize that the minor efforts by a single individual may make a tremendous difference.
From my point of view, one of most essential aspects is the patient.
Great campus is our home where we live in.
Let go to create a conservation-oriented campus.
Last but not least, weather we take part in the active, we would play an essential role in our campus.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall and have straight hair, but Wang Mingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili's.
They also have different things they like to do.
Wang Mingling likes reading very much, but Liu Lili likes sports.
They are popular, too.
No, she isn't.
Wang Lingling is as outgoing as Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling is serious to her classes, and she's a hard-working girl.
She always gets better grades.
Liu Lili is not as serious as Wang Lingling, but she is funnier than Wang Lingling.
And she is smarter than Wang Lingling.
As far as my considered, College is a minor society and it is excellent and full of challenge .
High school like a sea of knowledge and it make you to enrich oneself .
She leave an impression on me during these days of starting school.
Her teaching methods is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.
So we can understand better.
But we didn't review the notes again.
She is patient with every students.
Nowadays, with the widely use of the Internet, people are becoming increasingly aware of the significance of the Internet will not isolate us from ne another.
From my point of view, the Internet will not isolate us from one anther.
I'm L.
I am so pleased to tell you about my high school life.
I got on well with them.
They always help me when I felt a sense of loss.
In addition, I studied hard in my high school and English is my favorite subject.
I made efforts to improve myself.
Luckily, I made steady progress in my study.
sometimes, we took part in extracurricular activities.
for example: dance, sing and help others.
We have only one Earth, so please protect it.
Firstly, people catch a lot of fish and put dirty water into the river.
It pollutes the water and kills a lot of fish.
Without clean water, we can't keep healthy.
Secondly, people throw rubbish everywhere.
It costs the land pollution.
And there will be fewer and fewer animals because this.
Without clean air, there will be more and more diseases.
Finally, people cut down many trees.
This destroys forests and animals' homes.
Without forests, there will be many hurricanes in the future.
So if we want to prove these problems and have a beautiful Earth.
We should wake up people who are still hurt the Earth.
When the Earth becomes a place we can't live any more, it's too late for us.
We have only one Earth.
I think everyone wants to live on a beautiful planet not a dirty one.
So we should take care of it.
Welcome to nursing house.
Besides, most squanderers lack of saving awareness and the sense of responsibility.
Animals are our friends which live with us under the same sky in the world country.
They kill the elephants for elephants' tusk; they kill the rhinoceros for rhinoceros' horn; they kill the tigers for tiger skin as well as tiger-bone; they kill bears for bears'-paws; they kill the sea turtles for turtle shell; they kill.
They kill the animals just for money, just for their own benefits.
