Now, we are on the way to our hotel.
Then, I can tell you some history of D.
D is a city with a long history culture.
It is one of the famous history and cultural cities ratified by the State Council.
I am very happy to see you from the other side of the other side of the Pacific Ocean-the Unites States of of America.
I shall do my best to make your trip pleasant.
Tonight we shall hold a welcome party for you.
I holp you will enjoy the wonderful snacks of local food.
Ok, We have arrived at hotel.
When I was yong, my body have been always very weak.
We got off at the bus station.
Therefore we had to ask the people on the road with my heavy luggage.
When we were disappointed and exhausted, a couple came to us.
They said we need take the bus because we got off at the wrong place.
When I heared this, I was so moved.
Then, they sent us to the public bus.
Though it's a little thing to them ; while to me, it's the most unforgetable experience in my life.
Switzerland is one of most beautiful place in the earth which has become a dream destinatian for everyday including me.
The climate there is largely responsible for making the country such a popular tourist destination.
The people there are also being well educated.
The climate is continental, and the temperature is modified by winds off the atlantic ocean.
Winters are cold, while summers tend to be hot and sunny.
What I dream to do in switzerland is skiing.
switzerland is a word ski resort.
As is vividly presented in the drawing that this is a gathering in the era of mobile phone.
Originally, the phone is only for the convenience of communication between person, undoubtedly, the phone provides us with considerable convenience, making many things possible.
As for me, it is high time that we should have more exchanges with friends, less use of a mobile phone.
Only in this way I believe, can we better communicate with friends, and promote the relationship between friends.
It is quite good to study in a foreign country.
I'd like to study abroad first of all because it will make it possible for me to enhance my English capability, especially my oral English.
The ability to speak English fluently matters a lot for English majors like me.
Moreover, I will make a lot of foreign friends while studying abroad, and we can learn from each other about our respective culture and custom.
Also, it will help to change my way of thinking and improve my personality because of the difference of the method of teaching abroad.
At last, it is a good idea to visit the places of interest around or a little far away from the school where I choose to study.
I want to study English for different reasons.
There are three factors accouting for it.
Firstly, English is a internationai language, so it is becoming more and more important.
Secondly, now, perfect english transtors are few and our country deeds us.
The last but not least, I like english very much.
It has a bad effect on daily life and the health of psychological.
In dealing with the reason for it , on the one hand , not only is it closely related to the life of people, but also has much to do with the development of our country .
Faced with the serious situation, we should take measures to change it.
In my personal opinion, firtly, the government should take active and effective measures to deal with the proplem.
Seconed, the authoricy concerned should issue lows to regulate the use of internet.
Nowadays, an increasing number of people have a good command of Inernet.
There are various activities we can enjoy on the Internet .
It convenient for us to our daily since the Internet came to our molden life.
However, with more and more intelligent internet developed, people start to become depend on it.
As far as I am concerned, we should balance the effect of the Internet .
Never let it dominate our daily life .
Everythings has two sides .
But as a child of them, we always haven't say thank you for them.
In China , as we all know, firstly, most people can't express their felling for their relatives, even their children or their parents.
I think these children should't think about it which their parents should do that.
In my opinion, I think all of us should try to say thank you for our parents , we just don't care for any thing which we lose our face or we'll take an awkward situation with our parents.
If you will be stressed about talk THANK YOU  with your parents, I have an idea, just have a deep breath, and relax yourself, well, I hope the college students all have a talk with your parents , and say THANK YOU for them, give them a warm hug .
Because Abraham Lincoln said, Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
What's more, as the saying goes, Chance favors only the prepared mind.
As long as I came home from school which my granma is , she always ready me many good foods , which made me feel happy .
As we all know, love is one of the most essential things in our life.
There is also some love around me.
My parents love me, my friends care about me.
For example, when l had a fever, my parents didn't leave me until l'm felt better.
At that time, l was feel extremely warm .
I would study hard, not to make my parents angry to show me love to them.
In addition, when someone in trouble, l always give them a hand.
There is no doubt that love is always around us and we should find then out.
Roll the dough with a round stick into small round pieces of wrappings, each two spice such as ginger and onion and stir them evenly.
Library is a place where people can study there.
However, their behavior make the meaning of library disappeared.
It can help me do lots of things, such as doing shopping online.
It not only can help me save money but also save time.
Last, birthday gifts normally are given to the person on her or his birthday.
By no means, students will compare with gifts.
In modern society, the internet is used the more and more.
We can read, learn and shop on line.
Even thong, internet provides us with a new manner to make friends and love.
On the one hand, people have to spend more time to make the more and more work in modern society, they couldn't have enough time make friends in real life.
So, a lot of people make friends on line.
On the other hand, on cyber love by the way to make friends is virtual.
It has lot's of unknown factors.
In the picture, an old woman sat in front of a mirror and tried to make up her face to entertain herself.
Woman's shadow showed how lonely she was.
Nowadays, the problems of emty nest old man  has become the topic in China society.
There remain many problems of lonely life of aged people.
The safety is a big problem .
Lonely old man is the ideal target of thieves.
Children moved their home far away from their parents' home.
And they hardly took the time with their parents.
What their children ofen do for them is giving them money which parents don't like it.
Personally, piety is the foundation of all virtues.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming populer among young people who like easy and new ifestyle.
There are many reasons that can contribute to SOHO lifestyle.
One of the main reasons seems to be that people can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.
Comparing with working at company, people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisers.
As a result, they may feel relaxed and less stress to make full use of their talents.
In addition, it is benefit to avoid traffic jam at the rush hour.
Nowadays, with the development of globalization.
The communication has been overwhelming between chinese and western culture .
in my eyes , I think the chinese culture is being polluted by Western commercialism .
The first fact that leads to my belief is that the foreign film into the china which has a change in the movie world .
Just because the foreign movie looked better than the china, many people like to watched the foreign movie .
Therefore , this is to make the chinese film has a new advance .
In addition , some the western festivals was also into the china and the young people more like the foreign festivals .
For example the Christmas and Valentine's day those festival is being popural by the chinese people .
so.
In my opinion , l think the chinese culture is being by western culture.
but it is not bad .
we can know just because the western culture into our countries this is to make us should more effert to improve our power to prevent this phenomenon .
we has strongly power to pretect our culture which is has a development further.
I am in China with my Chinese friends now.
We do many meaningful things which help me know Chinese culture more.
First of all, I communication with them and exchange ideas each other.
Generally speaking, visiting places of interest is fun in Beijing.
Meanwhile, it's fantastic to watch Peking Opera.
We taste Chinese food as well.
Now Chinese are celebrating a special festival called Spring Festival when people should eat dumplings.
As is vividly showed in the picture , a teacher is handing a classic literature book to a student , asking the student to  just read it as if you are reading a long test message.
Firstly , I believe that literature is can cause the reader to think about things is to let readers read after feelings caused his thinking .
Before the Spring Festival, people clean their house and cook many delicious meals for celebrating it.
Children will set off firecrackers and play together.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall, but Wang Lingling has long straight hair, Liu Lili has short straight hair.
Wang Lingling likes reading and she is serious.
Liu Lili likes sports.
So she is funny.
Nevertheless they are the same as popular.
Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili, but she is not as smart as Liu Lili.
So Liu Lili's grade always better than Wang Lingling's.
They are both outgoing.
They often go out with each other.
Also they went to many interesting places.
Such as the great wall, the Palace Museum and Tian'anmen Square.
In our life, there are many books to read.
Some people think that we should read books extensively.
In our busy world, we always have many things to deal with, so we should have much knowledge to face many kinds of cases.
As a result, as far as I am concerned, we should read books selectively.
I am often busy in my school and I don't have much time to read some books which can't give me some useful information.
It will waste me much time and I can use the time to read a book carefully to acquire more knowledge.
Because of the NAFTA and WTO, the U.
The NAFTA and WTO benefits the exports of the U.
Between 1994 and 2000, while gross U.
S. exports rose 61.5%, imports rose much more, by 80.5%.
Almost every state and sector is faced with this kind of situation, Although the NAFTA and WTO can deliver many new jobs, it can not offset the jobs it took away from the U.
Between 1994 and 2000, the U.
The first one is the the increasing U.
S. foreign direct investment, which improves the foreign production capacity, then results in the rapid growth of exports to the U.
, growth in the U.
The second is the sustained and substantial appreciation of the U.
S. dollar, which encourages investors around the world to build new and expanded production capacity at home to export goods to the U.
As the above suggests, the WTO and NAFTA has hurts U.
The cost of NAFTA and WTO for U.
As a exchange student , you are warmly welcomed to come to our school .
As you know , Tianjin is a city near the Pacific Ocean .
So our weather is hot and rainy in the summer , and is cold windy and dry in the winter .
Besides the two seasons , our weather is always warm in the spring , and is cool in the autumn .
With the progress of science and technology , in our school every classroom is equipped with a computer .
And there is a bookshelf with a variety of books .
  So we are all keen to learn to enlarge our vocabularies and acquire a sound knowledge .
Mrs.
During 2 years, she is an honest man and work hard in the job and devote herself the job duty.
She is good at Engiish and German.
In the wort time, she is work hard, Loyal to their duties.
In the picture, when the rumors turn up, people are in panic.
However, the phenomenon like this often arise in the modern world.
It is no doubt that it caused much harmfulness.
As for the whole government , they will devote much money and do lots of things to calm them down.
They will doing the research to get the truth .
Then they try to convince the people who are in panic .
It also will decrease the convincing degree of the government.
As for the people who are in panic , they will recieve the harm from the rumors.
They get hurt in mentaly and may do something astonishing.
They may not believe the government any more.
With the shed of rumors , they will keep long time for panic.
So, in order to prevent this from happening , we ourselves must obey the foundermental principle.
Today is the Spring Festval.
I went to my grandparents'home.
My brother is still there.
And he is seeing a program called  Runningman  .
At the evening, my father took some fireworks up, and we also began to play fireworks.
At almost 12 pm, I made a wish in New Year.
As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
so in my opinion, after-school activities is very important.
I have a beautiful and friendly English teacher.
She is not high but very temperament.
She would like to a ponytail, her hair is not long yet black elegant.
Her appearance is rosy .
There are two bright eyes on her face.
She enjoys smiling , when she smiles, her eyes just like the moon , at the beginning of the mouth, her nose is flat.
She appreciates wearing brown coat, jeans, and high-heeled shoes.
All in all, she gives a person a kind of comely and the beauty of nature.
Especially I intend to illustrate a thing, that she calls the name of the students in my class, she will call the last word still use to repeat the word, let me feel that she is not only my teacher but also my sister.
Long time no see.
I'm so glad to hear from you.
You asked me about Chinese Spring Festival.
Spring Festival is the most biggest festival in China, just like Christmas in your country.
People over a year of work and begin to get ready for Spring Festival.
Then, Spring Festival comes.
Everyone dresses up himself and wears new clothes.
People who work away from home come back and every family sit together and have dinner.
At the same time, we watch Spring Festival Gala Evening until twelve bells, people set off firecracker at the time.
We stay up all night in New Year's Eve and eat dumpling.
Then, we visit our relative and children usually can get pocket money.
KongMing said a word  Man Proposes God Disposes  .
That is to say you must do one thing, but success depends on luck.
However in my eyes the successful of the things depends on planning.
For example, you will travel to America after a week.
Now you should plan to do with detail arranged.
Of course, there is access to travel weather conditions in order to avoid because of bad weather and travel time delay.
As we can see , with the rapid development of science and technology, we are easy to contact the tourist attractions without trouble.
Such as throwing out garbage, drawing characters on tourist site with liberation, taking photo illegally when asked no photo with definition, useing uncivilized words when speaking and so on.
As far as i am concerned, we should resist the uncivilized pheonemon without hesitation.
which will help us to enhance ourself culture.
what is more important thing is that we should boost the self-imagine on such a civilized society.
Moreover, as the member of modern society, it is our compulsory responsibility to protect the civilization of travel.
what is known to us is that civilization is to travel what sun to glass.
In my opinion, we should make advanced preparations when we decide to travel, make access to know local culture definitely.
when we arrive at tourist attractions, it is extremely important to know the prohibition, which can make us reduce unnecessary mistakes.
Susan Sontag, the author of Beauty, is U.
She showed you things you hadn't seen before; she had a way of reopening questions.
Online shopping bring more convenint for people, some example can give the details of this argument.
Nowdays, people can purchase something they want at home just click the mouse.
So it is important that save people's time.
There are some disadvantages, yet.
Beacuse we can't see the real goods , we dont't know the quality of goods is good or bad .
Based on the above disussions I think that the advantage of online shopping overweight the disadvantages.
Now i will tell you that.
response test.
So they can't do house work.
But when they free, they can help their parents to clean floor.
On the subject of it, many traditional books disappeared as far as we know.
From my point of view, traditional books can't be forgotten and ignored.
Long long ago, our ancestors used paper books study everything, so traditional books is meaningful for us.
On the other hand, China is ancient civilization, so the book shouldn't be abandoned.
E-book for people nowadays is popular.
It can preserve in your cell phone and portable computer.
This is the reason E-books can be read in everywhere .
They can read it in the subway which is crowded and bus.
They can read it even when people are walking.
Have to mentioned is E-books can be read in the dark due to cell phone's light.
But what chilling me is that, more and more people use E-books, traditional books could forget by us.
Days is colorful, more and more developed will appear in our daily life.
Not only should we keep up with the pace of scientific development, but also can't forget the traditional.
First of the time I learn English as I set foot on the junior middle school.
At that time, All of my classmates aren't learn English, In our opinions, It's difficult to learn English.my spoken-English are bad, and the individual word is too hard to be remembered.
What's worse, my English teacher are not very well.
When she started a class, most of the classmates were doing what they want to do, of course, those student including me, so, At every examination , my marks never passing the exam.
obviously, During the last year, the life are not very well.
For my career life, I would take part in the entrance exams for postgraduates schools, so English will present to my life .
My major is Teaching Chinese as the second language.
I have lots of interest, such as singing.
reading and cooking.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I was excited as well as worried.
I was so excited because I can make more friends, visit the school.
Everything is exciting for me.
When I got school, I was so surprised that my teachers and classmates were so friendly and kind.
I didn't feel nervous any more.
School was just like my home.
After the college entrance examination .
some students think college is very wonderful this is amusement oneself's life.
So school should be strict with this thing.
I am a College students, in addition to nervous learning every day, I worry most is the traffic.
Because the traffic is really busy.
To begin with, I take bus.
But now I find riding a bike is better than the bus.
First, the bicycle can exercise, The bus can only standing or sitting.
The second, Bicycle can reduce the traffic congestion, Too many cars, sometimes not bike fast.
Third, it is the most important, the bike is very environmental protection.
Because a lot of private car or bus, car exhaust cause environmental pollution.
Different people have the different ways of learning, My favorite Way of learning is the modern trend instead of tradition teaching, the modern trend is teacher and student exchange together.
We can also understand the article deeply, modern trend makes me freedom.
In my opinion, going to college is a meaningful thing.
Firstly, we can get more professional knowledge and practical skills which can better help students secure a job position in the future.
Secondly, going to college is useful for us to improve our accomplishment.
We can form a good quality and take in more thinking method.
At the same time, we can form a perfect system of values.
In this picture, the boy said that he was worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
His father told him if he can empty the dustbin here, he can do anything.
Everyone has a dream.
And everybody want to be a great man.
But super- is just a legend during normal people.
Ford is the fonder of his company.
When he graduated from school, he was upset after he had applied for a job.
He came into the office that the chairman worked in with the thinking Take things as they come  .
But he saw a waste paper and picked it up as soon as he got into the office.
The chairman hired Ford without any other reasons.
Details determine success or failure.
We must do our best in everything and study in small things.
Love is a kind of emotion that somebody show to the certain person or things.
Love can warm person's heart.
A mother kisses the baby's face, a father holds the whole family responsibilities on his shoulder, sisters share happy or unhappy things with you, brothers always trust you even if all of the person don't believe you, friends try their best to help you when you are in trouble, classmates smile to you on campus, girlfriends look after you when you are sick, colleagues work together with you, and etc.
I think these suggestions can make schools safer, and it can help students and teachers to save themselves.
The dark one looks like her mother.
She is a little taller than me, with long brown hair, and she wears a pair of white glasses.
She has two big bright eyes and two big ears.
She is very friendly and genuine.
She's good at playing Chinese zither.
She also likes singing, and we took part in a singing competition at school last year.
She has a sweet tooth as well, just like me.
People's opinions about it vary from person to person.
As far as I am concerned, I agree with the former opinion to same extent.
I think knowledge is the foundation of creativity.
For instance, if you never learn English before you couldn't write a creative composition in spite of how many creative ideas you have.
We have to admit the fact that most of us learn the knowledge of it, then we are good at it, finally we can creat something new which others didn't think of it.
No one can deny the fact that creativity is needed in our society, however we must have some basic kowledge firstly.
It 's a suitable time for us to learn more knowledge in our school.
Chengdu is the city I like the most in all the city I have ever been to in China.
It is known as the heart of the West in our country.
Mild climate, four seasons, abundant rainfall this all together make the city a very suitable place for human living.
As a cultural city with more than 2000 years of history, this city has many attractions, more than 216, such as cottage of Dufu, Wuhou Temple, the Wangjiang building this are known in China and abroad.
Wuhou Tample is famous for Zhuge Liang and Liu Bei.
That is the only tample for both of them, is the National Museum of the remains of Sanguo with the greatest impact.
It was established in ad 223, mainly by Hui Ling, Han Zhao Lie Tample and Wuhou Tample of three major parts.
Chengdu is home of drama.
As early as the Tang dynasty it had been considered that Sichuan Opera is best all over the world.
When Qianlong is the emperor of the Qing dynasty, Sichuan Opera was developing based on local opera and forming it's own character.
Sichuan Opera's words are lively, humorous, full of vivid color.
Such as .
A common conception among Chinese teachers and students is that students should do written homework after returning home.
It's believed that doing written homework functions as a kind of revising and helps to enhance the impression of new knowledge.
Yet we also know that written homework is sometimes burden to students.
When it comes to homework, if you were an American student, you may tell us that you need to enjoy a piece of music or prepare a lecture to deliver in front of your class.
However, if you were a Chinese student, you are very likely to tell us that you have to do written homework such as doing Maths exercises or writing an essay on a given topic.
Dear Henry, I'm glad to hear from you.
I got to know that your favourite teacher is Mr.
Green.
She is my chemistry teacher.
During my first month at High School, I met many new teachers and students.
But the teacher I like best is my chemistry teacher.
She is not only strict, but also warm-hearted.
I failed in the first exam.
She encouraged me a lot, and helped me with my study as well.
What's more, I love her teaching methods very much.
Because of her help, I make great progress now.
I think she is one of the most fantastic teacher I have ever met.
I felt warm and aggressive with her.
During the three years we will struggle together, we will get on well with each other.
Love is an abstract concept, which we can't see or touch but feel it.
Love is so special and precious that anything else cannot compare with, It has a strong power that can changes the world.
On May 12th in 2008, there was a big earthquake in wen chuang, many people dead and a lot of children lost their families, They become homeless.
If my foreign friend come to visit my campus.
I am going to take her to loose purple mountain.
Because it is a national level four scenic spot and the loose purple mountain from our school is very near.
It is very beautiful scenery.
In particular is very real people cs stimulus.
If my foreign friend come to visit my hometown.
I am going to take him to take a look at the rice fields.
If my foreign friend come to visit china.
I am going to take him to the Forbidden city.
Because it is our chinese culture of the hall.
there are also old building have beautiful scenery.
It is to be sure that changes are taking place and will take place in our life as a college student .
It is to be sure that certain developmental changes will occur in our life as we move from adolescence to young adulthood.
When enter college, students will meet a variety of people.
To get along with contemporaries , we should determine our daily agenda, choose our own wardrobes.
Our father and mother don't help us any more.
When we at home , parents could tell us what should do and what is suitable for us.
We are all like birds grown in birdcage that cannot fly any more.
Now peers interact with everyone , we would enter in the work world, we would make money for daily food, we would share our experience with our schoolmates.
Though, inevitably, we will feel frustrated but in a way we don't allow us to cry in public .
The more people and thing we handle, the more experiences and thoughts we receive.
When we enter college we will find our world is expanding and new options are open for us.
The campus which is full of magical, our college students' values and moral will be doubted by ourselves.
It is important to know how people perceive ourselves.
Confidence is one thing we lacked on our college days.
Now, I hope you have some idea of the Chinese Spring Festival.
Presents and dinners provides a channel through which we can celebrate the happy reunion of friends and relatives.
The 9.11 assaults were a series of coordinated suicide attacks by Bin Laden up on United States on 9.11 2001.
Most Americans consider it is the worst day during their lifetime.
And now, here comes the news , a specific credible threat ahead of the 10th anniversary of the 9.11 assaults.
This maybe a bad news for most Americans.
I think this news may caused by Bin Laden'death.
His death is the victory of justice and peace.
In today'world, the biggest power comes from peace.
No one want to live in a country which is not safe.
And no countries can develop their economic during war-time .
We need to remember this day.
Just as Bush said:  this is a day all americans from every walk of life unite in our resolve for justice and peace.
America has stood down enemies before and we will do so this time.
As far as I am concerned, whether our destiny can be successful or not, it determines what our ambition is.
We do not choose to be born.
We do not choose our parents.
We do not choose the country of our birth.
But we can select how we shall live.
If you are in the poor family, you must try your best effort to garbing the professional skills or acquiring the major knowledge.
  Hardly can we find any great people we know ambition when they were young.
An ambition is a vital importance to one's growth and success.
On the other hand, an ambition is the target of one's life.
Once you decide what your ambition is, you know where to go, and which way to take.
Otherwise, you might be puzzled in many things in your life.
On the other hand, an ambition is like the engine of the vehicles.
The main character is Sydney White, a beautiful unusual girl.
who has lost her mother's care because her mother is gone when she is young.
Her father is a plumber, she grew up in the family of a building worker with her father and her father's friends.
One day, she got a college notice, which college her mother stayed before that made her feel excited because she can hold the same memories with her mother.
Her mother was a leader of kappa, A girls group.
True girlship is disappeared in  this kappa group nowadays.
A girl named Rachel controls the kappa now, her possessiveness, jealousy, and protectiveness are  little high.
Fight against with Rachel's suppress make she became the top topic in college.
I find there are some students being on the hop.
They don't like to listen to the English and they want to have more rest.
As we know, it is important for us to listen to English.
Some reasons lead to it.
First, they want to more time to do other things.
For example, they can play game online together.
They think it is funny.
Secondly, sometimes they don't want to get up in the morning.
If the listening is easier, they can listen better.
It can solve this problem to cut down time.
Second , we can not afford to lose our youth , as time goes by , we become older and older , no one can keep his youth forever .
The second, As a classmate, I need to care about my class and help somebody to solve the difficult, I need more and more friends and a girlfriend to enjoy my life.
I must face some difficult.
College students have been a hot topic in modern society , however, college students are lying in having a lot of problems .
Part of the students are unhealthy habits .
Comparing to other presses, our press is widely known for reliable quality and reasonable prices, rapid shipment of products.
Presently, our press ranks 38th among the fortune 500 companies.
In recent years, our logistics books leads the way in global sales.
As important, we offers a 10% discount to the comprehensive universities in return for a speedy sale.
The expiration date is 9/2014.
At the same time, we have lots of humanized serice, such as home delivery service.
In short, we guarantee that it will be the world's best serice for you.
We are pleased to inform you that our Order No.
As we all know, online shopping has now become a new style of shopping methods.more and more people participate in this fathion line.
what the reasons results online shopping so popular are it is very convenient for every kind of person and it provides lots of things for us to select and buy.
English is a necessary part of chinese student's compulsory subject, but nowdays fewer and fewer students pay attention to their word-spelling.
Secondly, most of student to learn English is to speak it and pass the examination.
As we all know, part of the Internet becomes more and more important in society.
Particularly in the education, each school is using multimedia.
Since the advantages of Internet, we can search a lot of teaching video .
And we can discover the answer of question from Internet simply.
At the same time, the Internet brought the self-study students greater benefits.
But, I don't think so.
On the one hand, my points are that if students found question, teachers can not be resolved instantly.
On the other hand, we can not guarantee the operation of the computer has been normal.
However, many people opposed.
No matter what, network education becoming a part of our learning is necessary.
For instance, optimistic spirit has made Helen Keller a great woman writer and confidence has helped Obama win U.
Just as a saying goes,  Actions speak louder than words.
as we know, the relationship between teachers and students are complicated.
As far as i know , students spend much time on games and movies .
There are some solutionsto the problem.
I think that schools should take some measures to stop it.
Schools ought to check che number of students strictly every evening.
As students, we must have serious attitude on evening study sessions.
I'm afraid I can't agree with it.
I know some countries and regions have already abolished the death penalty.
And some others are trying to stop this punishment in law step by step.
And They believe that is a sign of civilization and shows their caring and consideration for people's lives.
First, I have to make it clear that my support in the death penalty doesn't mean we could execute a criminal rashly.
And of course, I know death penalty means sending people to the sword and it is very cruel.
But for now, we still can't make better way to take place of the death penalty to stop the grievous crimes.
And the one single , irrevocable purpose is to protect our society and keep it safe.
Currently, we have to admit that our society is not so civilized that can be ruled only by people's moral standards.
And I'm afraid that if a convicted murderer only need to live in a cell with free meals supplied, the law would not be powerful any more.
Death penalty is not only a punishment to a person, but also a warning and a heart-saving to the public.
They would retain themselves, and the innocent civilian will have more security if only they know the law is fair and strict.
We all know that the best way to stop crimes is education.
But it takes long time.
And before our society become civilized enough, death penalty as the extremely serious law is still an acceptable punishment.
I am glad to receive your letter.
Our activities are always held in every Friday afternoon at half past three and end at five o' clock.
We have so many great ciubs that you may feel difficult to choose one which you like from them.
We have science club, drama club, sports club, music gloup, English corner and etc.
Now I think you really want to join us, all of our clubs are free to choose.
Summer holiday is the longest holiday in a year.
I climbed many mountains during the summer.
One of the best experience was climbing the Great Wall.
The Great Wall was bulit many years ago.
Our ancestors built it to defended the enemies.
Many young people died because of building it.
we often say that the man who didn't climbed the mountain isn't a hero.
So it is very tiring for me to climb the Great Wall.
The day was very hot when I arrived at there.
I was so tired that I felt I couldn't take a breath when I climbed it.
But I persisted in it.
Finally, I reached the top of mountain.
I was glad that the sightseeing in the mountain is so beautiful.
I saw the trees, flowers, birds and so on.
There are even a river on the mountain.
I took many photos.
I learned that we should try our best to do everything.
Nothing is impossible.
I actively take part in many after-school activities.
For example, I join the dance club of our school.
I dance with other dancers here.
We can also exchange experience and learn more from others.
It helps me a lot.
I do some sports after school, too.
I'm interested in play volleyball recently.
I'm not very good at it but it make me relaxed.
What's more, I sometimes watch some English plays and films.
As a teenager of the new century, we should know the fact that the cigarette has the bad effect on our body, such as it can cause high-blood disease and the heart-attrack, what's more, it can kill ourselv-es.
Maybe because of the curiosit-y .
When others are smoking, it is likely that we wonder what his feeling is.
Of course, the second reason is the effect of the advertisement, more and more teenagers are absorbed in its effect.
However, whatever the reason is.
We should take our future into consideration.
Second, reading books make our clam.
Last week, I got the pocket money from my dad because I won the first prize in the piano contest.
Dear Mr.
I am Li Hua.
I had a good time in your home when I study as a changing student in an American school.
And I remeber that you take me around America.
But I find my English dictionary is forgot bringing.
I wish you can sed it to my home.
Because it is that my teacher send as leaving present.
Most importantly, I think it is very precious.
The dictionary should be on the bookshelf in bedroom.
Nowadays, we know the nature resource is dying.
There are many lights in the side of road.
Some of them need not to use.
To create a conservation-oriented campus, we should suggest the leader of our school that we don't need mang lights in our campus.
So, we could save the electric energy.
On the other hand we should save our water wherever.
To compare and contrast the To kill A Mockingbird film vs the book.
The book is better, but watching the movie also enjoying.
There were three differences that stood out, the absence of characters, the differences scenes, and an actor to characters comparison.
The book to the movie there is a clear difference but the morals are all still the same.
From the book to the movie thee were characters missing some importat that wasn't there was Aunt Alexandra she was the whole be moe like a girl role model for Scout.
A charactor in the book that wasn't in the movie was mr.
From the point of traditional, holdden seems to be a real rebeilious children.
He doesn't love learning and love fighting.
He feels this world boring, don't konw the target and not the love of life.
own or do we, the whole world for his neglect.
His parents only konw just his miserable test scores.
His teachers that they're not taught him when he is in the face of setbacks do just keen on his mind mathernatical formulas, poetry.
I think every child in the eyes of an adult's meaning is more the children miles on the face and hand and hand with joy.
Illness and suicides is easy to take away your life as well.
Start: The story is about Miss Emily 's life with full sadness .
Miss Emily undergos her father's death and is bothered by tax .
Conflict: 1.
In the summer hoilday, my parents took me to Beijing.
We stayed at Beijing Hotel.
On the first day, we went to Great Wall.
The Great Wall is very long and old.
It has long history.
Lots of people from different coutries like climbing the Great Wall.
We also went to Palace Museum.
Ming Emperor and Qing Emperor used to live here.
The Palace Museum is large and amazing.
We ate Beijing Kaoya, it tastes good.
We all like it.
The following days, we went to Bird's nest, Tian Tan, Summer Palace.
So when taking examinations, some students sometimes cheat in order to get better results to please their parents and teachers.
In my opinion, it is wrong to cheat in examinations because it break the rules of schools.
Cheating is an ethical problem.
In my side, there's a lot I beloved person, parents, teachers, relatives and friends.
Nowadays, a increasing number of museums opened freely.
Many people fell curiousness about this situation.
I think the reason is they want to get more people to go to the museum to look, and known more about the history or chinese's old culture.
In the frist, open the museums freely is a good thing, it can help us know more about our country.
But on the other hand to consider, open museums freely will bring out some questions.
Frist, beacuase we can look the relics freely, so , there will be many people go to the museum .
In my opinion, i think we should collect few money as gate receipts.
Like this, people can afford the low price and the will also protect the relics initiatively.
In modern University schools, there are various students.
Some of these have success in doing ever-thing, while most of these always have problems, in their daily life.
Leading to these phenomena is that they lack confidence.
When we are faced with difficulties, we should wrestle with it, rather than escaping.
First of all, not only must we be ourselves, but also we should bravely undertake our duties.
Then as we all know.
The failure always couldn't be avoided, if we fail, we shouldn't be pessimistic.
Meanwhile, it is important that we elvish ourselves by knowledge.
As long as we have abundant knowledge, we will have abilities to solve the problems.
College student's have mush spare time, we should make full use of the time.
When all the above-mentioned factors are about how to be confident on canpus: believe ourselves, try our best to do everything.
As is known to all, books are the source of knowledge.
Some people hold the opinion that reading selectively will more suitable.
In that, it not only obtain more effective, but also can save more time to read another book.
On the contrary of the idea above.
They think they can get more different sense from it.
And also they may find the more chances to adapt to the society.
In my eyes, I prefer to read selectively.
I have studied in High school for one months.
When I first went into the school gate and saw my new classroom and teachers I thought I would have a new start.
Our teachers have taught us a lot.
Many teachers all have different personality.
Among all the teachers, I have a very specially teacher, who is my English teacher.
She is young and qualified.
She is always patient, and never tired of helping her students.
She is good at teaching and organized her class well.
Her method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.
She corrected our exercises promptly and carefully.
With her help, all of us make rapid progress in the learning of English.
As is known to all, the majority of people regard that women are not as smart as men.
However, nowadays, more and more women appear to be outstanding.
Nowadays, most people think that women shouldn't appear to be as smart as men.
impression on me is that boys are always look down on girls.
However, more than one person opposes this idea, For instance, Madame Curie is great grand and she made great achievements.
She is so smart that we all admire her so much.
And government keeps cooperating with tea farmers to develop new kinds of tea.
Recently, there are lots of fake teas in China which add some drugs or chemistry thing to enrich the smell and taste of tea.
They put score on the color, smell and taste of tea and elect the annual champion tea.
Nowadays, more and more college students have difficult in hunting job.
For this phonomenont, we have a heated discussion.
First, college graduates lack of experience and proffessional skill.
Secondly, some of them does not satisfy with the treatment which the business offer.
And then, many of them think the job is tedious and lack of challenge.
To change this situation, I think we should take the following measures.
First, as a student, we not only study our proffessional knowledge at school, but also take part in some job trainings.
For example, we can take a part-time job when time is available.
Secondly, as the people of new type, we should not require too hight.
Besides, we should believe ourselves and the busness.
Finally, we must prepare job hunting in advance.
I have a gond room.
It's very big.
I'm tidy.
My keys in my schoolbag ahd my schoolbag under the bed.
My computer on the desk.
I have a big bed.
I have a clock.
it's on the desk.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our questions were about studying watching playing helping and exercise.
We find that forty percent of our students studying by themselves at home.
And twenty-five percent students watching TV or listening to music on weekends.
We all know that many students often go online, they always playing games and talking on the QQ or E-mail, but most of them are playing gams on computer.
And only ten percent helping their parents to do housework.
After several hours' driving, we arrived at our destination, Northeast Normal University.
I begun to realize that this is the very place where I will spend the most valuable 4 years of my life the moment I saw her.
Three months ago, I finally completed my 12 years' study.
I had just said goodbye to the stressful years in my high school and then I came to the university which is famous for its reputation in the educational world.
I've been here for a month and I find there're many differences between high school and university.
Firstly, when I was in high school, my teachers and parents always guided me to do so many things that I needn't worry about anything.
But in the university, there's nobody telling me what to do and how to do.
I must handle everything on my own and learn how to arrange my time properly to make my life more meaningful.
Secondly, when I was at home, my parents always prepared everything well for me, but now I should learn how to take care of myself.
Now, here I am.
On my last holiday, I went to England with my parents.
We arrived by plane.
It was very late when we got there.
We stayed there for three days.
The food was delicious.
It was really beautiful.
Now, there is always someone fainting in the street but most of the people will only see but doing nothing.
During a break of February a student fainted.
As soon as some other students saw this, they called for help and sent her to the hospital at the first time so she got treatment just on time.
This could not only let us but also other people learn the importance of helping others, the people who always help others could also be helped when they are in trouble.
They can choose majors on their own, which means many of books can be read with their own interests.
College teachers' methods of teaching is very different from high school teathers, so is the study goals , college study pay a lot attention to develop students' critical thinking ability .
Secondly, it really took a long time to adapt my college study , We have lots free time, I hesitate to study.
At that time, time passed flies.
Fortunately, my sister gave me a lot of advises.
She told me: you'd better set a schedule and try your best to complete it.
My father is so patient with me all the time.
When I was yong , he showed so much patience to me.
I was so clumsy , and always did things carelessly.
He did not show any angry.
I always fell down the bike , he did not let me stop it.
Instead he looked at me with smile on his face.
As the age increased, my father seem showed less patience to me.
But I know, he wanted me to become independent.
However, my father is still concerned with me, and I still depend on him.
Although, he did not say that.
As far me, I think it occurs to have many reasons.
For example, Edison was the greatest inventor when he tried to invente the osram.
I firmly stand behind the belief that life is the greatest teacher  .
Life without learning is better than learning without experience.
As we all know, everything has two sides, shopping online could be good or bad idea depends on a couple of things.
There are many advantages.
Firstly, shopping online is very convenient and advantageous, you can buy anything that you need without going out.
The result is that you can save a ton of time do anything you want to.
There are too many disadvantages.
Firstly, shopping online is that you have to wait.
Secondly, the consumer cannot see the goods, even though they do not know the quality of the goods.
Maybe this is the biggest problem.
So do I.
I get love from my parents.
My breakfast is prepared by my mother.
When I eat delicious food, I feel I'm so lucky that I have love from my mother.
And my father sends me to school every morning.
When I walk with him, I'm proud because of my father's love.
My parents always give love to me in the silence.
Now, I'm going to prepare a thanking letter to show my love to them.
Love fills with our daily life.
Everybody is to much happiness.
I have many happiness to my life.
I play sport with my good friend and do housework make me very happiness.
My mother give my life I was very heel happiness.
The switzerland has an area of about four point one square kilometres that located in the middle of Europe with a population of seventy-five million.
Actuaaly, the majority of people think it is not so good for students to do this .
Reflecting in another way , if teachers evaluate their students .
It sounds a foul dead.
On the other hand, teacher should be respected .
To be a anventurer is my dream, because I love adventure, and I want to enjoy the world's most spectacular and beautiful scenery.
There's no need for us to waste our precious time and energy on going out and looking into each and every window attentively to find the commodities, but waiting at home and receiving packages.
That means, we won't recognize the size, color, or the quality of the real items with several photos of them until we pay and get the items.
It is terrible that the pictures, which are claimed to be the live photos, may be fake.
The world is big, but we couldn't always walk.
Sometime we need stop walk.
I like reading.
Because I always think books are human's ascensive a ladder.
For thousands of years, we rely on the books to obtain knowledge.
The book of human progress has a great coutribution.
I like reading novel.
I like many stories in the novels.
Everyone is different.
Sometimes our daily life can start to feel dull, dry or depressig--I know it, you know it, we all know it.
At times like this, I like to drive into a good fiction book for a much--needed escape into another world, where I can fofget about whatever problems are stressing me out.
Whether you want to travel to the land of the Hobbits, a galaxy far away of a tropical destination in a steamy romance novel is up to you.
All in all, , we should get up early instead of get up lately.
my paraphrasing: Rebellion of children at their twenties flourished in daily life.
They tent to break the normal rules, and some even against the law.
However, this anti-traditional trend was not all negative.
Some new styles of music were popular among young people such as jazz.
Women changed their hairstyle and dress style so as to rebel against custom.
Or, as an English proverb goes, 'If there is a will, there is a way.
At the first class, the teacher with her gentle voice explained HellenKeller ---THE MOST IMPORTANT DAY IN MY LIFE TO US .
After the teacher explained, from her bag and took out the two eyeshade and a picture of a pig .
She put the picture pasting on the blackboard .
My maths teacher in junior high school was an extremely talkative person; on the contrary, my English teacher was a quiet person.
The first time our maths teacher met us, she said that she had made lots of students succeed, and was going to make us get high score in the subject.
Never had I saw such a confident teacher who could promise the good mark.
Compared with her, the English teacher didn't say anything about her achievement, but we all knew that she was a senior teacher.
They taught us in the bottom second term.
What mattered were our scores.
To our disappointment, maths teacher didn't live up to her promise.
So unfavorable our scores were that we almost felt discomfortable.
Without a word, the English teacher gave us a real shock.
As a proverb goes, confidence in yourself is the first step on the road to success.
In addition, we don't have to be afraid of mistakes or failures, for we can learn from mistakes and Failure is the mother of success.
Remember to encourage ourselves when we lose confidence .
Here is a difference between science and technology.
We're delighted to hear that you are coming to our school as an exchange student.
Welcome to our class.
In comparison to America's humid, China's fall is dry but gorgeous.
With a crowd of slight wind blowing over, you'll get lost in the golden leaves rain.
If you have watched A Bite Of China  , you'll be acquainted to the wonderful taste of Chinese food.
As far as I'm concerned, Beijing coast duck is my favourate.
Indeed, it's difficult to addapt to the new invironment.
They couldn't learn knowledge well.
Appeal to them for not being yield to these unhealthy habits.
objectively speaking, the implementation of real-name system advantages and disadvantages: it is conducive to the network, especially the ultimate e-commerce establishment of credit system, it is beneficial to public safety, national defense significance of maintenance; but at the same time, it is not conducive to ensuring degree of freedom of expression in general, the maintenance of personal privacy, emerging network of anti-corruption, civil affairs, and so the network will also be fundamental impact.
spring when the new year came, we saw, it seems that with the arrival of spring, railway ticket system, mobile phone real name system are beginning to bud in spring the same as the Local pilot or around the corner.
Ideal is the began without ideal there is the beacon without ideal there is no secure direction without direction there is no life .
As a student , we will face the social and to learn how to live .
When our have a idea .
I'm writing this letter to you to say something about the environment in Yangzhou.
Yangzhou is a modern city with a long history.
Scenery in Yangzhou is beautiful.
But there are also some environmental problems .
First, the air pollution is serious.
Looking at the factory in front of our school.
Black smoke out of chimney all the time and with a terrible taste.
It's really bad for people's health.
Second, noise pollution is also terrible.
When we having lessons, we always hear the noise, and the classroom is so noisy that we can't listen to the teacher carefully.
Last but not list, the river pollution is also bad.
We should take some measures to save the environment.
Such as we should plant more trees and grasses.
If we do this, the air can be purified and the noise can be stopped.
Of course, education plays an important role in the measures.
This can improve people's awareness of protecting the environment.
Those are all my own opinion about the environment.
Our school life is very colourfu.
The Mountain covered 96% by the trees and the air is fresh, it's a good place to relaxed yourself, I think it must be very suitable for you.
Nowadays, the economy of our society more and more quickly in development.
In 2005, some people make a survey from Chongqing University of Technology and Business and East China Normal University .
From the first diagram, we can see about 31% girls look for first in a boyfriend is personality.
Around 27% girls look for first in a boyfriend is abilities.
And then,17% girls look for common interest and goals,14% girls look for appearance,11% girls look for economic status.
From this data, we can know that the most of girl students think the boy friend's self personality are more important.
From the next diagram, we can see 68.2% girls think marriage and family is the most important for a happy life.
About19.7% girls suppose that career is the most important thing and 9.1% girls agree that money is the most essential.
Also 3% think others.
As far as I am concerned, the most of girl students hold this view that have an effect on our traditional culture.
From these on, we can know that not everyone think money is the most important in our life.
It is true that more and more persons feel like becoming civil service by taking exam.
All the time , in our traditional mind, as a goverment employee is the best choose.
Because it stand for power and social position.
If you become a civil service, your family, your relative, your friends will be pround of you.
Besides, it's more stable than any other work.
you even don't need to find other work until you retired.
As far as I'm concerned, every coin has two sides.
First of all, not everyone can achieve their dream to be a civil service.
According to survey , the rate of passing the exam is quite low.
Then, all roads to Rome, we could have much more choice besides it.
Every work has its own feature.
we can do all work as soon as we want to .
Next, civil need to undertake heary pressure from all directions.
In a word, we must know enough ourself.
Such as our personality, strength, weakness.
Don't follow others without thinking but finding a job suit for ourself.
exams conducted at various levels .
recent years.
position.
graduates.
after graduations.
As far as I'm concerned, I don't deny the crazy in civil servant test .
profession to most people.
many people.
What's more, most people will confront huger challenge and pressure in job hunting.
may lead to a waste of resource if most people gather in the same work position.
Nowadays, water shortage is becoming an urgent problem, Shortly before, It was dry in south China, and farmers had suffered huge losses.
Although nearly three-quarters of the earth's surface is covered with water, but it is sea water and undrinkable.
Also, a lot of water is polluted and make it more serious.
Thirdly, circulating water should be used for industrial purposes over and over in factories and treated sewage water can be used for irrigation in farming land.
Hello, Everyone.
My name is H.
In my opinion.
Nowadays more and more middle school students take their mobile phone to school.
Some people agree to it, they think mobile phone is very useful, they can use it to call their friends and parents .
In my opinion , we shouldn't take mobile phone to school, beacause it may make us play more and study .
There are all kinds of books in the world.
I think a lot of people like selective reanding.
Especially in modern chinese students.
Of course, so do i.
We are a variety of test pressure suffocative, We in order to test and read a book .
In fact, I want to see a book you want to see.
Each of the books existence has its existence value.
Most of my classmates are ready to leave school.
Some of them want to go travel and some of them are going to back home.
They want to enjoy the holiday and do something worthwhile.
However, maybe home and school has a long distance, Some people decide to stay .
They want to stay to work or study .
And someone want to have a tourism in nanjing nearby.
They are not willing to waste time on the journey from school to home.
My plan is that I will back home and enjoy the holiday, because I think the National Day is a very important holiday in our Country.
So I want to enjoy the holiday with my family.
I will eat some delicious food and buy some books.
You can imagine your life as a game in which you are juggling two balls in the air.
You can name them: the ability to study and the development on qualities.
As far as we know, it is very important to develop school education for all students.
But it only develop students' abilities on learning.
So a large amount of people realise schools also should pay more attention to cultivating students' Character Education.
Character Education can influence students' development in their future.
Meanwhile it can also teach students how to live happily, how to learn efficiently, how to do something seriously for their own future and so on.
So schools need let students realise the importance of their qualities and their Character Education besides the ability to study, because both are important for students.
My collage school is Ahhui Wonder University of Information Engineering.
It is located in HeFei of FeiXi.
The school establish in 2006.
If foreign friend visit my school.
Frist, The school has a big library and all kind of books.
For example scientific , engineer, computer-it is a good place for student to study and relaxing.
Second, I will take him to student apartment because the equipment is beautiful, it is suitable for student.
Then, we are go to visit the big playground .
It can play soccer ball, basketball-All in all, That can involve our healthy.
I think it is very important.
In addition, the school has a beautiful stadium .
If the weather is bad , we also can esercise.
And it have many P.
Finlly, I will take him to visit our school artificial lake.
I go to college because I am hard working.
When I enter college, I am excited.
I finally became a college student.
I made a college plan with a feeling of excitement.
First and foremost, I can continually hard working.
study is a college student's arm.
second I want to take activly part in many outdoor activities, It is colorful my college lives.
Thired I want to learn to play chess in the part time.
In my opinion, Shy to say I want to find a girlfriend.
I want to have a romantic school love.
In my life, there should be at least 2 times of impulses.
One time forget my own for love.
And the other time take leave without delay for a journey.
after my boyfriend and I went to the ningxia, It is my first time to go to ningxia.
I'm sorry to hear about your trouble.
You hava made two mistakes.
Gap year is year usually betwen finishing school and starting university or college.
Gap year is very popular in developed countries.
First, students take a gap year can become more independent.
Second, in the gap year, students can travel some places or get some work.
There is no gap year in China.
As I know, when students graduate from their schools, there is only three monthes for them to relax or know themslves.
From my point of view , the time is so short that when students get into college , they always feel upset and confused.
So , gap year should be introduced in China.
Hello , everybody.
My name's jacky, I'm from p shcool.
It's really a fantacy place, people there are very friendly and helpful.
There're also some places of interests in my hometown, I love it and hope that you can visite it someday.
I was graduated from X School, it's also a nice school.
There're 3 people in my family, you know, my parents and I.
We love each other and live a happy life.
I usually play ballgames in my spare time, and I think I'm good at basketball.
: ) So, you see, I'm really an easygoing guy.
As is we known to us, books are the common approach to knowledge.
Some people think reading selectively is very important.
Because reading selectively can save much time to read more.
But some people disagree this point, they say that they should reading widely.
Because every book collects a lot of knowledge.
Usually, I like reading books and browsing imformations from Internet.
I can care about people and other things around me.
And I can get along with friends and relatives.
Especially, I can understand and respect other people.
I have full confudince foe life.
I was able to overcome the difficults and positive in my work.
I love the work.
I think sales staff is a right choose.
I want to tell you a message about you wish teach Enlish in china.
The job of the english teacher is needed in Q school.
But it is a hard work because you should work one term and ten lesson a week as well as you should teach spoken English with two classes.
Therefore you should take charge of the school English extra activity which will be hold once a week.
Nowdays many people think a good appearance is more important than capability, especially girls .
Many girls are wild about making up.
And do their best to make them more pretty, rather than improving their capability.
I suppose that beauty is only temporary, capability is the most important thing which can make ourselves more successful.
As the motto gose Don't judge a person by his appearance  .
Therefore, those without good appearance needn't feel depressed because one's success depends on his capability; those with good appearance have to work hard since good appearance cannot bring a person final success.
  Many people have best friends.
Me too.
He is a easy-going boy.
He is tall and clever.
He likes swimming so he always goes swimming in the swimming pool.
He is good at math.
But I am good at art.
We often help and look after each other like brothers.
He likes not only swimming but also basketball.
He often plays basketball with me.
I think he plays sports well.
There are many interesting things between me and him.
Tom's birthday is on march the sixth.
In the morning, I go to Tom's house.
And then, I buy a big cake for him.
His parents aren't at home.
SO we can do many things by ourselves.
He has two computers.
I play computer games with him.
We are very happy.
At night, we clean his room.
Tom is a friendly boy.
I am very happy with him forever.
I am eighteen years old this year, in my high school life, I have many friends, they are very good, very good to me, and our teacher is very friendly, just like our friends.
In the high school life, I achieved good results, and admitted to the university, I am very happy, I will continue learning in high school, discipline, consult the teacher with an open mind.
Now I am learning state is very good, excellent results in all aspects.
I like to play badminton, to participate in the badminton match, so there is a lot of good to our health.
As is known to all Knowledge is power.
Knowledge makes humble.
In my opinion, reading more than activity to make influence with people.
For the following reasons.
Firstly.
In the world many famous expert.
scholar or writer give us a plenty of admonishes.
One of the most words is Leading is the eye of the mind.
Secondly.
Reading give us a positive motivation to life.
Such as perseverance.
brave.
honest.
struggle .
All those good values.
reading can widen our horizens and make our life more enrich .
However.
Others believe that we learn by dong.
knowledge comes from ptactise , this truth has been countless facts more.
If we want to get new knowledge.
we need to practice and turn to it in study.
One day your maybe face many difficult problems.
Eventhough nobody help you.
As long as you countinue to fight .
Try try again .
You will solve those problems sooner or later.
Last but not least.
Every street has two sides.
The shady side and the sunny.
There are two sides to every question.
No exception is things.
It has advantages and disadvantages.
Reading is a good way to get knowledge.
But no practical and flexibility.
It is easy to make people like wood.
Activity also is a good way to acquire knowledge.
Through practise you will get many experiences.
When it comes to how to acquire knowledge.
We need to combine reading and practice.
Using this method Leaning will more efficiency.
In this day and age, as is well-known to all English is extremely fundamental.
It's significant for us to learn English.
Spelling is a crucial part of English learning.
Nevertheless, an increasing number of students don't pour attention into the spelling of words in English learning.
We cannot emphasize the importance of the spelling of words unduly much.
There are three reasons for the problem that have taken place in our life.
First and foremost, a multitude of students don't capture their attention to the spelling of words .
They are excessively lazy to remember words.
What's more, spelling is challenging.
They suppose that they have trouble in remembering words because they can look up the dictionary.
Besides, a slice of teachers don't manage to make students realize the great importance of the spelling of words.
An army of teachers are not strict with their students.
Nevertheless, an ocean of students have no consciousness.
Last but not least, society does not make much of the spelling of words.
We can see an army of wrong English words in the street.
Such as a lot of advertisements .
Especially, we also can see a sea of wrong English words when watching TV.
As far as I am concerned, much attention should be paid to improving the spelling of word.
We need to cope with the problem.
For one thing, we are supposed to realize the importance of the spelling of words.
Then, teachers should require students to be careful.
For another, more should be done to strengthen our English.
Students can use English as far as possible.
As the saying goes, practice makes perfect.
There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of the spelling of words.
Competition is a common phenomenon in our social life.
Competition is playing an important role for people, especially for working persons.
When you enter into a company, you must have defeated thousands of competitors.
And we often find competition and cooperation at the same time.
The competition is important to us, the same is true of cooperation.
A great assignment can not be done by a single person.
Thus we have to cooperat with our colleages.
For exampel , there is a assignment with which need two people to deal.
