Obviously, the two people must coooperate with each other, olny in this way can they manage the assignment.
In addition, there must be competition between the two works.
during the cooperation, the two persons are competing all time.
They are different two persons, the have vrious abilities.
While advocating competition, we musn't forget cooperation.
It is said that the fire burns high when everybody adds wood to it.cooperation is as important as competiion.
Last weekend, I went to the great wall with my family.
He wear a sunglasses , a shorts and a T-shirt.
He is coming towards us and asked us where he can buy tickets , he came to China alone.
If you kill others or commit a serious crime, you would be a sentence to death.
Traditionally, Most Chinese claim that it is a kind of retribution.
Most of us hold that we should pay our whole life.
When the criminal is the sentence to death, others and the victims only get a kind of comfort from this.
Then they will realize that how significant our right is.
In some ways, it is a project as difficult as to a revolution.
I think chinese is important for you .
And you can watch chinese movies and tv .
You can sing it anytime .
When you learn chinese you should found a partner to pratice .
Nowadays, online shopping become moore and more popular all over the world.
Many people prefer to buy things online rather than go to the real shops.
Well, in my humble opinion, I disapprove this view.
Definately, online shopping make our life more comfortable and convenient.
However, we should pay more attention to the importance of real shops and we also cannot ignore the disadvantage of online shopping.
First, online shopping is sometimes insecurity.
A lot of people are cheated or tempted by some dishonest oline traders.
But such case rarely happens in real shops.
Futhermore, we can't guarantee the quality of the things bought onlines.
In contrast, we may choose the purchases we want freely and altepnatively.
Last but not the least, only when we shop in the real shops can we enjoy the true fun of shopping In a nutshell, we can't deny that online shopping play an important role in our daliy life, yet the traditional shopping is more basic and essential.
I went to qinhuangdao with my father, mother and my brother when i was a little girl.
We staid there 3 days.
There is a big beach at there.
Weplayed on the beach and we swam in the sea.
At there, i eatenmany kinds of fish and fish are delicious.
I am very like Qinhuangdao.
If you ask me which Chinese singer I would like most.
I will tell you without hesitation.
JJ was born in Singapore in March 27, 1981, but his ancestral home was FuJian province in China.
He is a very great singer who has created so many wonderful songs.
I still remember one of his into pieces which is called JiangNan.
JJ is a creative singer, he wrote lots of romantic songs which expressed his own opinions towards the world.
At that time, I almost buy all the CD players of JJ, and I used to buy his posters after school.
In my eyes, he is a man who is full of energy and romance .
You cannot imagine how he managed to pass that unhappy month.
It is his strong will that gives me the model of a hero.
Lam JJ has released many beautiful songs, and he also won lots of awards in his music career.
I consider he is a successful singer who write his own songs and express his ideas in his own ways.
If you are interested in his songs.
My farther is the one I love most .
When I was a child , my farther had such big strong arms that he ld hold me on the top of his head and I could see whatever I wanted to in the crowded cinema .
As the growth of the age , the more I realize I have a great farther .
He has to do lots of works every day , what's more , he is working until midnight .
But he has no complaints .
When you get the admission notice of your graduate school, you may feel exulted.
During the period of preparing for the exam, one must make great efforts due to the fierce competition in China.
First, you must ask yourself why you continue to graduate study.
I think graduate study can improve us in many aspects.
The professional knowledge is more ample than undergraduate study, which can help us master what we major in.
Probably that's why it is called master degree.
Frankly speaking, there is a direct, obvious reason for a master degree.
That is our job opportunity or money on earth.
Since the great benefits of master degree, what we will do for a successful graduate study.
First and foremost is our effort.
We all pass the postgraduate entrance exam, which means we don't lack intellectual factor.
Hence the effort will determine our success.
Also we should improve our capabilities to meet the high requirement of graduates.
The capability not only include good performance on professional knowledge, but also other skills necessary to our research such as communication or computer skill.
Many things seem of no use in our study, but I think those seemingly useless things may be the key to success.
In a word, the graduate study is only a small part of your life, but it is the most critical.
To some students who support the idea said that the first thing that comes to them mind is gaining knowledge and broadening them horizons.
This is a way which is much better to learn something just by paper-made things.
Besides, it's also a good way to communicating with friends and sharing the daily fascinating affairs with them.
In addition there are some classmates saying that because of the pressure from the study, they can use the Internet to relax themselves as well.
Their reasons are as follows.
In consideration of the heavy study burdens, students' eyes are getting worse and worse day by day.
As far as I concern is just to keep the balance between the Internet and the reality.
Functional, nice and useful, that is my mobile phone, which emphasizes utility over aesthetics .
Every company has a business project .
team.
There is an increasing number of college students who do part-time jobs.
In the first place, thanks to lacking of social experience, college students may be easily to be cheated with a result of doing lots of jobs without being paid.
In addition, due to not having a well-developed discretion , college students may get into bad habits which can even lead to crime.
But these agreements in several ways contributed to growing trade deficits which caused a nationwide job losses in U.
Globai warming is an inevitable trend.
With the development of our society.
the life of human being is superior to what they lived before.
More and more families have the ability to offer a private car.
Possess of a private car, going out is easier.
But the pollution produced by cars became more seriously.
Nowadays.
the temperature of the earth are getting higher.
The main reason result in that phenomenon is the volume production of carbon dioxide.
As far as I am concerned.
cars contain a large number of carbon dioxides.
So.
The private car owners pay tax on pollution will make them think that drive his own car spend the same money as take a taxi or even more expensive than any other transportations.
At the same time.
to be a passenger is more comfortable than to be a driver.
At last, they will reduce the use of the car.
In my point of view.
the less use of car the healthier environment we can live.
communication ability .
Different people hold different views.
In someone's opinion, they think that making good academic performance should be the first duty to college students.
On the one hand, studying is important to students, which is beneficial to them.
On the other hand, it is helpful for them to improve them and obtain more skills in the life.
First of all, it is helpful for us to make more friends.
On top of that, having good communication ability is good for getting a good job, which can improve our life quality.
As far as I am concerned, we can't emphasize the importance of paying attention to academic performance too much.
It's widely acknowledged that having good academic performance is the most essential duty to college students.
However, as a college student , not only focusing on our academic performance, but also making efforts to improve our communication ability.
Last Friday, a student in our school fainted during break time.
Other students sent her to hospital immediately as soon as they found that there is something wrong with her, and as a result she got treatment in time.
This touching thing is a very good example to show the kindness of people.
It can inspire people to help others in a way that we all can do.
  Innovation is the spirit of human being's progress.
Dear Mr.
There will be frustration in life, as a college student, we should do the following.
First of all, in the face of frustration.
Then, fase to frustration.
We should always adjust their attitude to face life.
More and more people use mobile phones in recent years, they become popular among us.
For another, using mobile phone frequently does harm to our health.
With the popularity of English in China, English is an important course to learn.
From the perspective of students, a large number of words, the spelling of the complex, spend a lot of time still have little effect.
Dormitory Life is not strange for us.
Every dormitory has unhappy thing.
Isn't a Harmonious Dormitory.
But have a Harmonious Dormitory life is very important.
Especially collage dormitory life.
We should make our dormitory life harmonious.
Thought we have very unhappy thing.
Time will scatter to all the thing.
with every people.
Don't do some too excursive things.
And don't disturb others.
We also should communicate to others, then make every people have themself freedom.
We live together four years.
We aren't a child.
I do not forget two English teachers in high school.
Mr Sun likes black clothes.
Mr sun has character irritable.
When students couldn't answer the question, He often knock on the blackboard or teacher's desk.
One day, He was very angry in class, Everyone can't answer the question.
After class, when he walked out of the classroom, everyone was happy to say: oh.
Teacher wang personality gentleness.
The students like to chat with him.
Everyone has problems all like to ask for his advice, He is very serious to help us.
Sometimes, he would go home to have a meal with students.
There will be a large export order.
So we should train foreign language.
It is very necessary.
All relevant staff attend this training.
the AIDS patient who live in a hard life .
so, in my opinion, I thought everyone around the world .
The Olympic Games will be held in four years' time, so the government will be putting up new buildings just outside the capital.
Kurt Gunter has designed the buildings and works will have completed the new stadium by the end of next year.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
As a saying goes, nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
The earth is our home and we have the duty to take care of it.
Faced with the serious environmental problem, some people have taken action to save our world.
However, some people choose to ignore the problem.
So, terrible disasters have been happening one by one: the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, the crisis at Japan's Fukushima nuclear energy center and so on.
Because of people's ignorance, the relationship between human beings and the environment we are living in is getting worse.
It's time that we did something for nature such as stopping cutting down trees, recycling the garbage and learning to pay back to the environment.
In many countries, there is no good education conditions in rural areas.
Even, the medical facilities are also very rare.
Some people think the more teachers should be sent to countryside.
Because they think teachers Is equivalent to knowledge.
They advocate that teachers can choose their operation areas freely.
After all, this is their freedom.
As far as I am concerned, the government can increase the quota of teacher who was sent to countryside, and on the basis of voluntary.
I like learning English, because as far as I am concered learning English is very useful.
Nowdays, English is becoming more and more popular.
so, if I want have more communication with foreigner, I should use English fluently.
For many reasons, learning English can broad my seights.
So i will try my best to learn english.
More and more China's Internet users find the interesting of shopping online.
China's Internet information says, half of the year more than 87 million Chinese shopping online, this is mean a quarter of the China Internet users had shopping online experience.
Most Internet users are 18-30 years old students and white collar, monthly income about 1000 yuan to 3000 yuan.
Women shopping online more than men shopping online.
Clothes and household products are most buy in Internet.
We also know there are a lots of convenience, firstly if they want to learn they just need link the Internet, secondly, if some students don't understand the point of the class, they can find in the Internet, thirdly people needn't worst time on the find the meaning of the words in the dictionary, they can just use the Internet, some disagree with it, they think they shouldn't give up the traditional way to learn.
In my eyes, in the age of knowledge explosion, education doesn't simply mean learning to obtain information, don't accept all the information from the Internet.
They teach large number students for this social.
This a student was contributed to social .
IN front of you, this sculpture was made from steel, this is a Hydroelectric generator.
The machine is symbolize to our school.
This machine can remind our who you are.
Behind this scukpture.
It's my college.
We can learn many knowledge in there.
Our college have many party.
So we have very rich extracurricular activities.
My name is Z.
Yes, as he puts it, mankind is facing with more and more disaster.
As the carbon dioxide emissions, the temperature on the earth continue to rise, the polar ice will melt, causing the sea level rise and flooded the coastal city.
First of all, we should look for a new clean energy instead of traditional energy sources, in order to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide.
Then, we ought to plant more trees and protect forests.
and I don't thing teach students is waste of time .
but .
That is all I have to say .
Recently people pay more attention to the environment because of the severe air pollution.
A green campus not only benefits the environment but also provides us with a golden chance to form thrift habits.
We know that the moment you arrived here on this world , you were given a body by parents.
Not only they gave birth you , but also they brought you up.
Do you know when you were a child , you are so naughty and maybe you got ill always, but was who looked after you all day and night.
What they paid so much to your, therefor, you must pay they back .
No matter what you have and what you pay.
Maybe you don't have much money , and you have nothing return to them.
But the most important, you should let they kown, you really care about them and accompany with them when you free.
Therefore, it is necessary to pay your parents back, because they gave you and you should return them.
At the age of 20, when Lu Xun was in school, his father was ill .
A well-known saying goes that, God will appoint vital missions to such people who have suffered, labored, hungered and been alone before.
Some people think that their parents' behavior is overzealous just like the old saying, Tsar should the eunuch anxious.
These immature young men are who give a cold shoulder to the rising filamentary silver in parents' head, who always regard children as NO.
Few years ago, the disposable plastic bags were broadly used by human beings in china.
The disposable plastic bags are extremely common and current in our daily life, such as buying vegetables, shopping or throwing rubbish.
As well all know, the disposable plastic bags are non-biodegradable garbage.
Not only they will lead to destructing of the filed and polluting water, but also they are harmful to our health.
It's significant to limit the use of the plastic bags.
We must reduce the use of plastic bags.
For one thing we can save much energy, for another we can protect our environment and save our homeland.
More and more Internet users in China discovered the fun of online shopping.
The internet information centre of China said that there have passed eighty-seven million Chinese shopping on the Internet in the first half year, it means a quarter of netizen in China have experience of online shopping.
Most of online shoppers are in the age of eighteen to thirty , always students and white-collar, monthly income from one thousand to three thousand yuan.
More women than men online shopping.
Clothes and household goods are the most of thing that they bought online.
In my school there are various kinds of after-school activities , such as club , doing sports, seeing English movies and so on.
As for me , it can not only build my body, but also broaden my minds.
From my point of view, you'd better choose the activities which you are interested in.
For another, Not every schools can afford to buy the equipment, because the prices of computers are high.
Good morning, everybody.
I am L.
I graduated from F University.
I have got a few scholarships in school.
I received many honors.
My Putonghua level for two grades.
I have the national computer two grade certificate.
My major is English education and I am good at English.
My handwriting is very good.
I like to sing English songs and watch English movies.
So my spoken English is very good.
I want to be an English teacher.
It is work that should have a sense of responsibility.
If my dream can be achieved I will strive hard.
I will love my students and let them have fun in English class.
I will work hard to improve my students' English.
I hope the judges can give me a chance to show myself.
Competition exists in everywhere which is related to education and important in adult life.
Competition has been an important part of our lives, wherever you are in your offices or your classes.
When you go on a project or play a computer game with your friends, you are truly in competition.
Since competition exists in our lives, whether it can benefit to us or do harm on us becomes very important.
Competition has many advantages such as giving us a goal and making us try to reach it or more hard-working during doing a task.
However, as a coin, it has other side.
Some people dislike competition, but to be frank, I really like it.
It can give more strength and be focused on the only thing.
However no matter where you going to work.
There are always some advantages and disadvantages.
However some students work in small cites , They don't have much pressure , in other words , They have engoh time go outside , what's more , They can go along with their family .
but most of they don't have higt salay job .
The study two characters now in the majority large number of students eye are dull, because must pay many time for this and be difficult.
Different from others, I think study is real a fantastic thing, but not all people can study well while there is still someone who is able to study well existing.
The first is finding appropriate methods.
Everyone must have their own special ways about study, so do I.
What I usually do is trying to turn the knowledge we learn at the very day into a net in order to make them systematic, it is of great benefit for us to remember easily.
If you go to taste, repeated over study, you certainly can excavate its innermost feelings deep quarter to take to person's joy.
As an old saying goes, Interest is the best teacher.
Recently, internet takes an important role in our daliy life.
But the internet is a two- edge sword.
The advantage is fast, in time, richful imformation.
It is very convenient for people to widen people's eyes.
On the other hand, internet should not be using in reasonable.
This part is full of violent and many unheatly imformation.
It is very harmful to everyone.
In my opinion, using the internet in right way is very necessary to let all of us to know.
Hi, my name is P, I have no english name.
famous for chinese kungfu, such as HuangFeiHong and YeWen.
parent and I.
life.
I have a motto which come from a book:  while there is a life, there's hope.
badminton.
dream job is english teacher, to be a teacher is a fantastic job.
the world with my parent in the future.
Hello, my name is X.
I'm 19 years old.
I come from P province in China.
I'm a lively girl.
I have a happy family.
My parents are workers.
They are busy working hard to support me.
I have a twin sister named Zhuling.
We are both students, but we are not in the same city.
I'm alone here to study because I want to be independent and learn different things.
My hobbies are listening to music and reading.
I like a person to stay so that I can quiet reading.
But sometimes, I like the crowds.
I also love sports.
If that , I can play with more people.
Finally, I want to make friends with you.
That's all.
After half a month, the summer vacation will come.
According to my past experience, the summer vacation should lead us have a long time to forget the tired in learning.
Nevertheless, in this holiday I will strive to study.
With the time flying, I am going to be a student who will Participate in the college entrance examination next year.
To improve my study, l will take actions in quite a different way.
In my plan, l try to do a lot of practice.
As the saying goes: From small increments comes abundance.
On the other hand, I will go to cram school so that I can go over my knowledge.
However, the amusement is also essential for my vacation.
Two to three weeks I will spend in traveling.
My mother is a housewife.
She is 42 years old.
This is to certificate that Miss Susan Hobson as secretary has been working in my office for two years.
She was hard-working and honest, the best but not least, she was devoted to her duty during working.
In a word, she is a competent secretary.
In addition, she has a good command of English and German.
In current society, many pretty girls can get a good job even without capability.
Thereby, some people insist that good appearance is more important than capability.
The reasons including three aspect.
Firstly, I think that good look can not keep long, if you get a job only because of your good appearance, your job may be temporary.
Terribly, you may be out of work.
Secondly, when you are working with others people and you can not able to accomplish the assignment, the people, who are cooperating with you, may not trust you again and they may never want to be your colleague because you have no capability to help them complete the work.
And as the time flying away, no one will help you to get your job accomplished.
Thirdly, you can not finish challenging work because of lacking ability.
Generally, I believe that capability is more important than good appearance.
Sometimes, we may think there is no love around us.
One day I went to school in a hurry because I got up late.
So I didn't notice the weather was not good.
Unfortunately, it started to rain in the afternoon, and I couldn't go home any more.
When I thought about how to go, I saw my mother standing outside school.
Because of the rain, her shoes were wet.
And I knew she must has waited for a long time because I came out very late.
The Spring Festival and Christmas have much common.
Both of the most important holiday to everyone is very velure and give person have unforgettable memories.
So in my view there is some proplems we always use Interent instead the traditional communication.
If people spend too much time and effort on blog writing, they may have no chance and spirit to have face-to-face communications.
It is the most famous for the world.
The first one, I took photos with my parents and with them take the walk on the Great Wall.
The second, I talk with them so many exciting things so I will never forget this trip.
Now I will introduce a European country called Switzerland which I want to travel the most.
It's a developed country in the central Europe, and closed to Austria France Italy and German.
The country covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres and has a populatin of 75 millon.
The capital is Berne and Geneva is one of the most famous cities in Switzerland.
This country is very clear and the scenery is beaufully, so it is known as the world garden  .
I thought the most unforgettable experience was that to be a teacher this summer.
This summer I have a long vacation, I have nothing to do in my home, I decided to find a job as the improvement of my ability.
I must cultivate my ability to fit this society.
So I began to find job in everywhere.
But the job was difficult to find.
The boss always found some reason to refuse me.
Finally I found a good job, this job was very fully me.
At the beginning, I thought this job wasn't difficult for me, the job was that teach pupil to learn some English words and some simple article.
For instance, how to get along well with your students and how stimulate student interest to learn English, these questions always get me into trouble.
The number of private cars rose sharply but the realizing of obeying traffic rules is reducing.
In recent years, a sedentary lifestyle is increasingly be chosen by common people neglecting their health.
Health crisis is becoming serious due to unreasonable lifestyle.
As we all know that the sedentary lifestyle is very harmful to people'health.
There are many ways to develop healthy habits according to our jobs, for example we can do yoga if we work in office, have longer breaks in school.
My name is S.
I think friends are like books-I doesn't need a lot of them, as long as they are good.
Lucy is my best friend.
We have many differences.
I have long straight hair but Lucy is a beautiful girl with short curly hair.
I like sport so I play them better than Lucy.
She is much more hard-working than me.
I am a little quiet.
She is more outgoing and funnier than anyone I know.
She always tells some interesting jokes and makes us laugh a lot.
Both of us like doing some reading.
Faith is the dark before dawn split heaven and earth that a brilliant light; Faith is the boundless and indistinct sea even soaring into the sky above the a lighthouse, Faith is in all ages never dried up river; Faith is boundless in the desert oasis; Faith is.
And last , I want to talk about my plan .
I plan to go home to see my gradpa and gradma.
Today I tend to introduce something about my hometown.
It is Liuzhou.
Liuzhou is the second largest city in the Guangxi province.
In recent years , Liuzhou has a large change on many sides .
It has become more and more beautiful .
I have lived there for 20 years , so I realize lots of things about it .
In my memory , Firtely, there are many interesting things happened in Liuzhou .
Liuzhou is ablaze with lights at night.
So the people in Liuzhou have rich and colorful night life .
They like enjoying .
So It is extremely energetic when you go out in the night .
And that It is a industrial city .
Thirdly, Liuzhou has become more and more international , when the national day is coming , Liuzhou will hold a carnival .
At that time many foreigner friends will come to attend the carnival including some famous stars .
In those days there are many sorts of activities.
Liuzhou has a great deal of decilious snacks .
Liuzhou, s natural scene is also awesome .
The mother river Liu River is very clear .
Though Liuzhou is not very famous In some places maybe it is so poor .
Liuzhou has made a large contribution to the Guangxi province .
The people in Liuzhou are friendly .
We are so proud to be the person of Liuzhou .
Because we believe it will be more and more strong .
During a short break between classes, a girl in our class fainted.
Maybe because of her busy and exhausted schedule.
Because of their help, she got her treatment just in time before it is getting too late.
Later her parents came to the hospital anxiously and were told that their little daughter was fine.
When they calm dowm, they really appreciated the help of the classmates.
After going through this thing, I was deeply moved by my helpful classmates.
I learnt that in a team, the membership and teamwork are very important for us to make progress together without anyone fall behind.
Research findings show that Curiosity can make a pretty good effect on a person's life.
It can enlarge our mind and enhance our interest in what we are doing.
As is well known that people are born with curiosity, Therefore, it's unreasonable to limit the development of Curiosity.
Especially, we can't influence the development of children's curiosity.
This time, we take in about AIDS.
In class, we saw some picture about who acquire AIDs.
From their eyes, faces and bodies, I can feel their lost their expect of life.
But today, there are also have many people who can't understand and accept those misfortune people.
They need our hug and they won't heart we if we touch they in some right way .
We should help they, because all of us are the member of earth.
We are a big family.
AIDS means death and AIDS will confiscate your happiness, health, live and so on.
So to learn how to protact from AIDS also is important.
The author write about father's love very carefully, she describe father's words and father's appearance, we can feel how deeply influence her father gave her.
And she also express her love strongly to her father.
This enmotion is moving.
There are more than 9000 rooms, it means live forever.
On my last holiday, I went to Los Angeles with my parents.
We arrived by plane on February 10,2014.
It was 7 pm when we got to the hotel.
Next day, we went to the Univeral Studios Hollywood and had fun there.
It was very exciting.
In the evening, we had dinner in a traditional American restaurant.
On February 12, we went to OUTLETS and did some shoppings.
On the last day, we just walked around and took some photos.
We had a good time.
Nowadays, with the develpoment of economic , the condition of every family is become well than before.
This reason cause a phenomenon that called overcrowding.
Overcrowding can involve many aspects.
For example, it will bring traffic jams incities, even in some heavy streets, people hard to move themselves.
On the other hand, the opportunity of receive education will become lesser for overcrowding.
Because some poorer family only offer one child to go to school.
In addition, it will bring troubles to go to see a doctor, such as , some people have no spare bed when they are need in hospital.
Last but not least, it will increase the diffuculties of find a job.
The unemployed population is increasing with overcrowding.
In my opinion, the problem of overcrowding maybe can be solved by limiting the number of car's trip, because some people will never go out without a car.
All in all, the phenomenon of overcrowding is a serious problem to society and should catch the attention.
Now the forward middle school need to hire an English teacher, work time for one semester, mainly responsible for teaches two classes the oral English,10 class a week.
There is some love around me.
For example, my parents look after me.
They love me.
My classmates help me.
They love me too.
When l get love from them, l feel very happy and warm.
l am going to help the other classmates to show my love.
l will work hard to thank my parents.
Many persons like to western fast food.
Such as bread, sandwich, hamburger, hot dog and pizz.
Western fast food with high overweight, high heat, high protein.
And the Chinese eating habits don't adapt to this kind of food.
In China also has a lot of fast food and snacks.
For example, Yonghe King, Kung Fu Restaurant or East Dawning.
Many cities have western restaurants such as a McDonald's and Starbucks .
China's street food, on the one hand, this appropriate for Chinese tasts, and it is a healthy and delicious food.
In a word, relative to western fast food, the Chinese person like to eat Chinese snack.
Half of students believe studying groups is a good way, firstly, in groups we can improve the grade of each other.
Nevertheless, others don't think so.
Because someone would always talk gossip in groups, and students are easy to Shirk work.
In my opinion, study in groups need everyone has voluntary participation, they must have a deep love for studying English.
Nowadays, there is a commen tendency that people prefer to live a low-carbon life rather than a heavy-polluted one.
Happily, it is a pretty thing.
So-called low-carbon lifestyle is uesing less, but producing more, seemed excellent.
or reuesing the waste.
In other words, we can get more with less gone.
Here comes the question.
Secondly, it must impact the society to a great extent and lead to social progress.
Those are partial fields of western medicine.
Western medicine is now very prosperous and is widely used.
Dear friend, welcome to my country-China.
If you come.
I want to take you to the Great Wall.
A place full of beautiful history.
China has the old world is not a true man unless he comes to climb the Great Wall.
In addition to the Great Wall.my hometown is a beautiful place, too.
Although there is no great great of the Great Wall.
It is beautiful can not be ignored.
Next, I want to take you to the place where I now live.
My university-Wenda.
It isnot very beautiful also is not very atmosphere, but here are my brother and love.
After the industry revolution, technology has become more and more important.
Today, we can travel around the world by air, enjoy delicious food from all over the world, search the Internet to know everything happened from home and abroad.
At the same time, life is getting more and more stressed, most of us are trying to make maximum use of time.
In my opinion, technology is not entirely beneficial for us.
First, it was technology that caused the time famine.
Although the original plan of technology was to free people from all kinds of chaos, it has brought us more trouble getting used to it.
In most cases, technology has not saved time, but enabled us to do more things.
In the home, washing machines promised to free women from having to toil over the laundry.
In reality, they encouraged us to change our clothes daily instead of weekly, creating seven times as much washing and ironing.
Second, technology has set boundaries to teenagers to experience the real world, now most teenagers just stay at home and play the computers all the day time.
It's impossible for them to learn how to cope with others through the Internet.
Last but not least, technology has led to many intractable problems.
Such as genetically modified food, cloning and the nuclear power station pollution.
Physical exercises can be beneficial in many ways.
First, doing some exercises can refresh people's mind from long time work.
Second, It can stimulate people's mind to work more actively and creatively.
The last but most important, doing exercises frequently not only can relax ourselves, but also can keep healthy.
I was so disappointed to see the clear sky this Monday.
The weather report said it would snow.
I was eager in playing in the snow so I wrote it in my list of what to do in the autumn.
When stepping out my dorm I thought it was raining.
I was so hectic that I didn't go to the dinning room.
Instead, I stood in the snow to feel the fresh air.
All of my classmates were excited too and were all looking forward to having a snowball fight.
The snow was a wonderful gift for everyone.
Bobby comes from Guangxi and had never seen snow.
We laughed and ran, as happy as naked children.
When we ran into the playground we saw many people had been there, taking photos, walking on the ground of newly fallen snow, or calling loudly and happily.
Everyome was wearing a satisfied smile.
Someone had written sentences on the ground.
In the spring of year again, each of us and old age.
Since the lunar December 23, my family began to prepare for the Chinese New Year.
To buy the new things, change the old things into the new things, that means throw away the pass year and meet the new year.
Day by day, the Spring Festival is coming.
On New Year's eve, We ate a big family dinner.
As we all konw, New Year should be set off fire.
On that night, while we made dumplings, we watched the Spring Festival's party and had fun.
Is an English professional students.
I was once in motion piay a volunteer, and in outside school do Part-time job.
communication, play basketball play the piano and play computer games.
not very good , but I believe if I can be admit the voiunteer activity , I am Eenglish level will earn greatly improved.
However, some student hold the idea that students can surf as much as possible.
On the one hand, students have more access to get more information and material that we need.
On the other hand, the Internet makee it possible for us to communicate and share with friends at home.
In addition, it also give us a good way to relax during holidays.
A lot of student think that students shouldn't use the Internet frequently.
The reasons are as follows.
First, it does harm to our eyes.
It is easy for us to fall in chatting ang playing games, it may makes you depend on it.
It looks so interesting that everyone can't refuse to play.
As far as I am concerned, I think that students shouldn't use the Internet frequently.
At the same time the most important thing is made a plan clearly before you get online.
We could ease our tiring minds after long day work or study, and we can make sure to eat healthy food.
My hometown is Qingdao, a gorgeous seaside city in Shandong Province.
I feel very fortunate living in this city, because it has fascinating sanbeaches and beautiful mountains.
Every year, a number of tourists are attracted by the scenery of sea of Qingdao.
The Trestle and Badaguan are the most famous laces by the seaside.
Some German style architectures are in Badaguan.
And in the surburb , Mount.
Lao is widely known by people all over the world.
The climate there is warm and wet.
Sometimes it's a little cold in winter.
The local product of Qingdao is seafood.
Nowadays many students don't think highly English spelling study.
So many students have the bad habits.
I think students use electronic dictionary will be students becone lazy .
Parents to give children students learn to buy the electronic dictionary So they intend to children have a good future .
They hope children have a good grade.
The second I think the teacher don't think highly of Engish spelling practice to students.
In order to this condition.
Studets shuoldn't make electronic dictionary.
To this phenomena, people have various opinions.
Accroding to some people , they think we should have choice to read books.
Because only academic books could develop our academic knowledge.
Also, in modern society, there are a lot of information for us to choice, we hardly could study all of them.
Others, however, think otherwise.
They hold that we should read different kinds of books.
Every knowledge has its' own impact, we don't know when we should use them.
As far as I'm concerned, we should look them into two parts.
In our academic major, we should have choice to read our academic books, only then can we develop our professional skills.
School is a big family, so living in such an environment, we always meet all kinds of problems.
One of the problems on campus is learning.
University of time always a lot of, but quite part of students can not make good use of time, they always waste time on beer and skittles, they don't care to learn.
In my opinion, we should learn how to make full use of our time.
When we feel bored, we should not go to play, but should learn.
Overall, there are many rich university life way, so, we shouldn't waste time at university.
Helping strangers used to be considered as a virtue, but in recent years, people tend to be very cautious of strangers.
Many people now hesitate to assist strangers or reluctant to help strangers, because of a variety of reasons.
For one thing, supporting others, even a little thing which we do could save a life.
There is a real living example I experienced the other day.
I was looking for my grandmother and paid no attention to the flying cars around me.
Suddenly, a people pulled me a hand quickly and fiercely, I was out of thought and had no idea what had happened only seen a car passed by through where I stood and felt a gust of wind.
I thanked that man who saved me very much and at that time, no words can express my gratitude for him.
For another, aiding strangers can give us pleasure feeling and even harvest unexpected friendship.
Most of us have read All Men Are Brothers, a popular fiction written by Shi Nai'an.
All people in that fiction are always ready to render help to others and then they became good friends until their death.
Last but not least, helping strangers is one of China's fine tradition.
As a Chinese we should develop it in our daily life.
Just as an old saying goes 'Send person rose, the hands have lingering fragrance'.
I had free time to travel with my parents on National Day.
During this trip, I got something new about it.
We should make some plans about it and do something in advance before we travel, for example, we can order a good hotel early to avoid fastiguim.
Travel a place where people interested in has a few strenges.
First, admiring natural and beautiful scenery while breathing fresh aie is enjoyable for people.
Second, we can exercise by travelling to make our body stronger.
Third, we can learn some knowledge that we can't get in class.
What's more, we can also make some new friends.
But people can have some trouble when travelling.
Nowdays in many of the university campus are common occupation phenomenon.
Many students hold that it is a very normal phenomenon, so most will follow.
But some students don't think they feel sometimes occupation is a kind of resource waste phenomenon.
In my opinion, I think that if the seat can be fully utilized is acceptable, but if it is only a seat but not use is a weast of resources.
My biology teacher was Ms Li when I studied at jinior high school, I liked her best because she was so kind that she seldom got angry with us.
She was ready to help others and she love her work very much.
In fact, I like biology as well.
When I wanted to ask a question to her in a morning, I found she was having a breakfast.
But she stoped eating immediately and answered the question very patient.
I was really moved and ashamed.
The traditional misconception among teachers is that doing written homework is dispensable for students.
Confused with the geometry and occupied with the vocabularies, children are completely exhausted.
We observes that the e-book nowadays is wide used around the world, especially popular with the young.
E-book is portable, we can read it at any time and place, it's really convenient.
Generally speaking, paper books are more expensive than e-book.
What's more, electronic book is environmentally friendly.
But, as we all know, everything has two sides.
E-books also have some disadvantages.
To our disappointment, many paper publications do not have the electronic version, such as some professional books or technology books.
I believe that e-books and paper books will both exist.
Although e-book is popular, someone prefers to read paper books.
It is global warming that is already an irreversible fact, what we can do just help slow global warming.
Firstly, the government should formulate laws to reduce air pollution.
Secondly, it's time for us to find new clean energy instead of kerosene and fuel.
In my opinion, everyone, not just government and industry needs to participate in the fight against global warming.
I will try my best to plant trees as much as possible every year.
The topic of book knowledge and personal experiences which one is more important to us is becoming more and more popular recently.
There are two sides of opinion about it.
I strongly support the view that personal experience is more important than book knowledge to us.
To begin with, we can't learn everything from a book.
Such as how to get along with others and so on.
Moreover, personal experiences can broaden our horizon.
Just as a popular saying goes, Experience is the best teacher  .
In addition, knowledge gained from personal experiences may be firsthand, direct and unforgettable.
But the knowledge from book may outdated, giving you unless information, The last but not the least.
Of all the knowledge we have, some comes from the books we read, some comes from our personal experiences.
Perhaps you can get the answer from the following story.
But he was riding too fast, he knocked down an old woman carefully.
enrichment.
make contributions to understand your life and enjoy it.
more job opportunities.
received a good education by the people to bear.
to control high-tech machines.
make contributions to our society.
to increase productivity, promote the general social development.
With the development of Internet, people are offer a fashional way to make friends and have a love affair.
There are lots of advantage ang disadvantage about the cyber love .
On the one hand, people have a obscure feeling about the true love by the Internet.
Besides, they can't cantact with each other face to face so they have more room to look forward to true love.
On the other hand, just in that they can't see each other, lots of swindler seek profit by this way.
True love is also based on the ups and downs of lovers in daily life.
It seems that Wechat has become a necessity of our life .
Under the circumstance, Wechat change comes into being as an instant messaging tool.
Secondly, Wechat has various function but messaging.
Today we are leading a better life, accordingly, more demands need to be satisfied .
For instance, since i had an access to the wireless in my dormitory and bought a smart phone.
Consider the classroom behavior of Dr.
Not only is he working hard and conscientious, the smallest shred is not sloppy.
In sharp contrast was Dr.
He has taught the pleasure of our autonomic learning, making us know that the interest is the biggest teacher, very arid mathematical, knows that we hold the relaxed mentality to contact, can obtain the effect of not being able to think.
Although I respected and learned much from both of these teacher, I had greater respect for Dr.
Gao and learn more from him.
Dr.
Gao was both encouraging and critical, while Dr.
Maybe you will ask what causes this phenomenon, then I will give you some reasons .
First of all, in this society, to be a public servant is an idea job for most people, because there are a lot of fringe benefits about it.
For example, compared with other industries, public servants don't worry about laid off, they even have a large of retirement pension.
Next, this kind of work is a light job, it doesn't make you painstaking.
What's more , if you are a public servant, you will have some power to do things which others people don't have .
Public servant is a creditable job, as a result , mang parents encourage their children to be that, no matter their children like or not.
The last and most important reason is that most students don't have their future plan, so they follow the crowd.
According to me, this phenomenon is not benefit for our society, inspite it will help us to build a good system about official, and the quality of public servant will be higher and higher.
it will lead to others industries don't have enough talents.
And result in the society to be deformed and unrest.
As a college student , we are filled with wisdom and creation , we should be self-employment and create more employment chance for the people who are in low-educated.
It is my honored to be here .
Let us look at the screen; this preparation will be divided in four parts .
From what I said today .
In the current society, this behaviour that people use plastic bags casually already become a custom.
As time goes by, there will be much more problems that people use plastic bags lead to.
Primo, on the positive side, plastic bags do some cotribution.
Using plastic bags our life will be able to become convenient .
There is no doubt that plastic bags is more convenient than any other bags.
If we don't use it, we will get in trouble abselutlly.
We can see them hang in trees, lie in fields, all around our sight.
It can't despite that when animal eat them, they wiil die.
In my opinion , even though plastic bags is convenient, they really do more harm.
So, we ought to use paper bags more in ordinary time, use plastic bags again under special case.
It was a common day, but not unusual.
A student fainted during the rest.
All his classmates were worried about him and they were enthusiastic about helping him.
Some students told the teacher about this immediately.
Some students called 120 at once.
Others moved him to a cool place in other to avoid his situation getting worse and waited for his parents coming.
As soon as the students got the permit of the teacher, they hurried sent him to the hospital so that he was treated in time.
I am a student of the Yangzhou University, and I have found a chemical factory located around our school since last year.
I have heard the factory is mainly pro-ducting.
The factory is usually woking all day, and It always releases a lot of harmful gas everyday.
This is very terrible, because the harmful gas is in the air that we are breathing.
I am not exaggerating, because this is an undoubted fact.
So I want to say something about the problem.
Firstly, I think the factory shouldn't be built around the school, because there are many students in the school.
Secondly, the factory's garbage is very harmful to the people and the environment, so I think the government should control the emission of the factory.
In conclusion, i think that college students who still read in the school should be actively and participate in various social practice.
I think my mother is the person I should love most, because my mother is so kind and thoughtful that I love most .
I love my mother so much .
I , for example , need loveing care in order to be more healthy.
My mother is a good cook which can make delicious food.
Recendly, I want to be a good listener, because I can listen to my mother's thought, I can clear that my mother is happy or not happy.
I also want to be a helper which help my mother do housework.
Only in this way I can express I love my mother like my mother loves me.
As time goes by , my mother became older and older, I wish I could care my family instead of my mother, because of love.
We have known that you need for these goods urgently.
Price: US $50.00 per piece CIF U.
We are anticipating a miraculous order from the U.
We are looking forward to receving your order.
As is vividly revealed in the picture above, the boy tell his mother that he needs a laptop to do his assignment, his mother meet his demands easily with pleasure .
When we drink milk every morning will worry whether tainted milk, every time go out for dinner or party is going to be worried about whether the food utilize illegal cooking oil, each drink beverage will worry about whether or not there is an excess of chemical additives.
When we went to buy vegetables are concerned about whether there will be pesticide pollution.
So we have to improve food safety awareness.
Today because of too heavy compete, people have to work harder and hader.
So, how to escap the stress became a problem which catchs a lot of people's eyes.
doing exercise.
working in their gardens and so on.
I agree with these, they are good idear, and I also think taking a bath.
Of course, sleeping and other thing are necessary.
In this wourld, many people infect HTV.
They need our help.
Because they are alone, And they are poor, they not money cure their ill, They face death.
One day, I was playing in the playground happily on my own.
Suddenly, a round spaceship flew in a faster speed.
And then, it landed at the top of the school building.
I was so nervous that I saw a secret door from the spaceship opened.
What is more, an alien has a cute body with yellow fur and had two eyes.
But it only had three hair.
The alien discovered me and I was frightened.
As we all know , science plays an important role in societies in which we live .
In my opinion , the development of society is associated with science .
In our daily life of challenge.
I think if you have some frustration in learming .
Second you should to look for reason and know what should we do .
when you see you can do it .
when class faced frustration teaching students how to deal with frustration and fall .
We should sure that no one dare say he hasn't met trouble all his life .
The definition of love is so broad.
Affection, friendship, love patriotic feelings.
. All be called love.
Love is a vine that grows into our hearts.
It opened flowers, in our lives.
One day, I took the bus and saw an old man holding a rose.
He looked happiness and i can feel his heart is with hie wife by the rose.
The aspect may change, but not the essence.
They must be felt with the heart.
We should make our use the benefits of the computer.
Firstly, We rely on computer too much to solve problem by ourselves.
Secondly, with the misuse, the disease of eyes on people become worse.
Even some people can't leave computer alone, if so they would be die.
From my opinion of view, we should spend our time carefully don't be adapted in Inerent, we should look toward the life.
I am a senior high student.
I want to talk school subject with you.
senior high school has many subjects that is difficult for you.
You should make youself relaxed.
You can do difficult exercises or reading amusing books that good for you.
Secnod you must accpect teacher's opinions and classmate's ideas if you can did it you will make progress.
important.
you must learn it early or late.
you too.
you will understanding.
It was the Spring Festival a few days ago.
As we all know, the Spring Festival is an important troditional festival in China.
During the festival, families get together and enjoy the kinship with each other.
Some people choose to go travelling and know about different cultures to spent the festival.
Whatever, I believe that everyone has had a good time.
My family didn't leave our home this year.
We cleaned and decorated our house together several days before the festival.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, we watched Spring Festival Gala Evening together and had a delicius dinner.
We made dumplings and had great fun.
We counted down with the clock and cheered for the coming new year.
Everyone set off fireworks to wish for good luck during the next year.
On the first day of the new year, my family went to the famous Ancient Culture Street.
There were big red lanterns here and there.
There were so many people with pleased face.
In the evening, we went to listened to the crosstalk.
The funny dialogues made everyone could't help to laugh and almost could't stop.
I feel very joyful although a little tired.
The Spring Festival has passed, but I still feel happy.
In my opinion, the Spring Festival is not only a valuable treasure for Chinese culture, but also a kind of memory or affection to every Chinese.
In one hand , some students think that get online frequently can broaden their horizons and minds, they can get many knowledge on the Internet .
They also think communicate and share with their friends on the Internet is a good idea.
In the other hand , some students realize that getting online frequently is bad for your eyesight , I think it's true , the study pressure is high, our eyes been under strain.
We should not be addicted to the Internet , or we'll get our life and study destroyed.
It has been a hot topic for a long time on online shopping.
Every coins has two sides, Online shopping is no exception.
Some people think that we can buy cloth food and most of the daily use, In addition, It's very convenience and never leave home.
In my opinion, both of the views are reasonable, We can buy something not very important on the internet, at the same time, improve the safety awareness.
I am one of College students now.
When we enrolled in middle school and high school, we only need to study hard, because we didn't have free time to do other things at school.
While now as a College student, we will have a lot of free time to do some things that we want to do.
What's more, it's a good idea to learn English songs because it is a good way to learn new words.
Try to remember those new words what can help you in your composition.
No one knows for sure, and i have many thinks.
For a start, the school will become very big, inclouding a place where we can watch movie free of charge.
And we will finish our homework by table-computer.
We will work in a modern company.
We work very relax is that robots can help us.
In my house, we will be able to move the walls to create biger or smaller rooms when we want to .
These are my thoughts.
Books are my friends.
When I have some trouble.
Usually, I will take out a book and read carefully until I find the answer.
Through reading books, it makes me grow up and has a important influence on me.
In a free time, reading a good book can feed my hungry minds.
And I can learn more knowledge.
Enjoy ourselves by reading books.
Of couse, reading does not solve all problems.
We need to practice.
Because if we understand the income of our parents, we will understand the handshyips of parents.
Because I believe a lot of students prefer to share their parents instead of spending money, if they know parents'income.
This winter, I went to Shenyang for Spring Festival and I enjoyed myself there.
During my holiday, I met the snow in northeast China.
My mother and I took my cousin who lived in Shenyang to the park.
The snow is quiet cleaner than i have ever seen because of fresher air.
The pretty trees were green-and-white, the river was covered with thick ice.
We played with snow happily, such as making snowman and had a snowball fight.
We spent the hole morning in the park and took lots of photos.
We looked at each other and laughed, for us looked like snowmans which we made.
The frustration is a part of life.
We can gain experien and growth in frustration, as the saying goes  failur is the mothor of success.
Nowday, the college students to setbacks ability is poor.
For example, they don't cooking and laundry, but don't to study.
they are afraid of frustration which cause some shudents gosuicide.
I am from Hebei Province.
In my memory, the dark May is a boring month.
Although We did much homework, we aslo had interesting things.
We built up our friendship bridge.
In the end , luckily, I win the exam.
I can fly freely just like a bird.
College is my chance of a lifetime to explore some areas, such as arts and literature.
It can broaden our horizons.
There is a general discussion today on the issue of to exercise or not.
Some people hold the idea that more exercise is superior to our daily life in many ways.
Others, however; think quite differently on this question.
Firstly, we need exercise in our life.
Nowadays, more and more pressure are put on the students so that they have a lot of health problems .
As the proverb says, Everything has two sides  .
On the one hand, physical exercise is good for your health.
On the other hand, if you don't deal with it properly, it will do harm to your health.
So we should treat it rightly.
We put less attention on our body , so it can't fight with the disease effective.
Secondly, we can enjoy our campus life in this way.
Only academic study among our life, we will feel tired all the time.
It is very easy to be a happy guy in college that you can not only gain your major knowledge but can keep a good condition in your health.
The directly way is to exercise in your free time.
In short, I think we should exercise more often in our university.
You can be effective in your study and your life style.
College plays a significant role in my life, I benefit much from it, and it has great influence on my life.
Life in college is different, we are faced with various problems, for most students, we need to deal with it by ourselves.
We share the same dormitory with other students, in other words, we live together, then we should think of others whatever we do.
Conflect between roommates is common, however, if each of us is tolerant, things will be much better.
Besides, we can enjoy more freedom in college, therefore it is necessary for us to arrange time properly, maybe we can make some plans, such as tripping, shopping and preparing for test.
Days in college are colorful, to some degree, it shapes our character and improves our living habits.
College life adapts ourselves to the future social life.
New Year's Day is coming.
My father decides to find a new job.
My mother will work hard.
I often get up late, and stay up late.
I will break this habits.
i decide to do more sprots to stay healthy.
i plan to go swimming every weekends.
and i will also eat healthy food to keep healthy.
This is our New Year's plan.
Some may thing that we don't know how to do the cleaning and the only thing we need to do is study.
besides, as a student, our tuition fee is already a burdern to our family, and there still be few years before we can earn money to support our family, not to mention release our parents' burden.
When I was a high school student, in my dream, college is desirable.
University seems free and harmony to me so that I want go to college very much.
With increasing age, I have finished many test, of which the two most important are Senior high school entrance examination and College entrance examination.
As our Chinese students, we need use at least seven years to complete these or more, and the process is so hard for us.
So, in my eyes, the academic pressure will be tail off.
University is not that when I was young I imagined.
On the contrary, University of the pressure is greater beacuse of the most really problem which decided our future ascription.
As an old Chinese saying, You must suffer, to be human.
Facing the difficulties we cannot back off.
Only if study hard can we be trained professionally which the powful weapon will be our competition.
It not only need teachers' giving systematic guidance, but also our own efforts.
However much more is needed, we have been working hard to learn to make a move with the time which requires us to participate in social practice constantly.
These social encounters are experiences that allow us to feel most alive.
Although under the social pressure, we're depressed, and in my opinion we shoulder try our best to enjoy the process.
Old employees find it difficult to rapidly learn new things and they are not capable of heavy manual work.
Many students feel nervous whenever taking an important exam.
Some feel dizzy and tired, some are suffer from lack of sleep, and some will lose their appetites, of which drive us crazy and have awful effects on our exams.
First of all, I am firmly convinced that exams are only a means of checking our progress of studies.
So, there is no need to worry to much ahout the results.
All we need to do is to learn by heart.
Besides, we should not stay up too late.
Nowday some people think study is students' duty whatever you are primary students or college students, you should just study .
So they should do some other things except study .
In my opinion, I agree the latter.
As we all know, almost students just study from primary school to university.
What they have learned just is theory .
Perhaps as college students they can take in it very well .
I remembered when Istudyed in junior middle school, some college students who are going to graduate from university came to my school to practice.
They didn't know how to teach students at all and just stood there reading book for us.
What'more ifyou devote to some practice you will learn some that you can't learn in books, which can improve yourself and rich your experience .
We are pleased to inform you that we have already shipped by S.
He get up at 8:30.
And he has breakfast at 8:45.
After a 15 miuntes' rest.
He write homework until 10:30.
And then , he eat delicious lunch at noon.
From 13:00 to 15:00, he has computer class or English class.
After that he reads many kinds of books.
It will take 2 hours.
At 18:30 he eats a little dinner.
And have 30 minutes'rest.
He searches for imformation on the internet or watches like programmes.
He put things away from 20:30 to 21:00.
I think he get up late.
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers, shopping on the Internet has become a fashion, especiallyamong the young people.
On one hand, shopping on the Internet has a lot of advantages.
For example, people don't have to waste a lot of energy and precious time to go from one shop to another to choose goods they like.
Also, the Internet has shorten the distance.
We can buy goods from any places.
And it's very fast and cheap.
On the other hand, it also has many disadvantages.
For example, the consumers can't see the.
goods or try them themselves, so the size may not match them very well.
Second, collage education causing many differences in life styles, health and other outcomes for people.
College is an important stage of one's life.
Here is my college plan.
For one thing, we are supposed to join in influential communities as much as possible.
Furthermore, the most important of all the things is studying hard.
Because a good academic performance can help us live an admirable life in the future.
In our life, the name is associated with a baby.
Now, some people to change her name.
In my opinion, is the name of first mark you give to others, will be with your forever.
Nowadays, there has been such a phenomenon.
The old man , is no longer important in many people's eye's, and even become a burden.
The child looks cute, become everybody's baby.
This phenomenon will bring very serious consequences.
First of all, the old people feel lonely, especially under the condition of only one person, they had no one to speak, will lack happiness.
Second, the old man's awareness is weak, vulnerable to abuse.
So, in my opinion.
Old person's psychology is most afraid of loneliness, they need to satisfy of material, need more spiritual satisfaction.
We'd better go home every week to see the old man, and have a meal with them, talk about family.
Even if do not eat every week, to make a phone call every week, every month at least 3 times to go home to see the old man.
I'm glad you write to me.
Please don't worry, I have been in your side.
I heard that you want to take part in a singing competition recently.
I knew you worry about your physical disability, and take it easy.
First of all, Liu wei is a disability people like you, but he never give up chasing his dream.
He lost his hands when he was 10 years old.
Although this, he became harder than everyone in school.
When he was 19, he often got good grades in school every test.
Even so, but he suddenly to learn the piano.
As all as we know, what a funny a person without hands to play the piano.
Not only does he give it up, but also makes he stronger.
So, you should be more confident.
You are the same with the others and there is no doubt that you can do better than anyone.
Believe yourself.
On the one hand, many people will meet some trouble like you and it maybe make them feel upset.
On the other hand, trouble is a good friend in our life and it also make us be better.
Kelly Clarkso said what doesn't kill you make you stronger in Stronger and it make lots of people feel life is wonderful.
As the saying goes, god close a door for you, but god open a window for you.
Maybe you could be a well-known singer.
With the development of science and technology, people's life is becoming better and better.
Consequently, a number of TV programmes have raised.
It is founded 1997, and In this programme, there are five upholders that is named the happy family.
Happy Tent always is played on Saturday evening.
In this programme, some stars that are popular with people are invited to participate in it.
Then, they will be asked some questions by upholders.
Furthermore, the honoured guests tell their way of success and experience.
In a word, I'm fond of the TV programme.
What the most important thing is that people delight, and the programme is not only for amusement, but is also the perfect mix of fun and learning.
Only in this way can we get close to stars.
In addition, I know the reason why they can successful is that they never say never.
  His daughter just answers,  you can read all about it on my blog, dad .
Follow the improvement of Internet, Weibo, blog -the method of communication can be more and more.
And people can use this talk others easily.
The most important change is, interpersonal communication has became quickly.
In the past people only can use mail, telephone to communicate each other.
But every coin has two sides, include the internet on interpersonal communication.
For example, some people may put fake news on websites and broadcast very quickly.
earthquake.
Finally I want to say nobody can block the improvement of technology.
All in all, the significance of saving money cannot be ignored in our daily life.
I was looking forwards to visiting Switzerland since I was very young.
Switzerland is situated in the center of Europe, it has an area of 41 thousand square kilometers, and it has an population of 7.5 million.
I became a salesgirl of a corporation during this period.
this corporation mainly engages in selling WLAN(wireless local area network card).
So I turned into the free labor force .
All in all , I learned much useful things .
We should always speak English in class and it's a good idea to spell and pronounce new words aloud every day.
English stories are so interesting.
I get to know a lot about the world through reading.
Most importantly, when we were young, our parents worked so hard to raise us up that they hardly have time to do what they wanted.
Friendship is the relationship that can keep you a happy mood, when you feel lonely.
Friendship is the magic that can bring two souls together.
The true friendship can help you realize your dream.
It can also help you do something right.
It can bring you happiness.
The true friendship is selfless.
Everyone wants to be the most popular one at school.
They try to do something to attract others and become popular.
In this way, They gradually lost themselves in the world of others and do not know how to be themselves.
Instead of seeking for the happiness inside their mind, they do something wrong with their friend.
Finally, It will still be the trust and warmth from the friend help them get rid of this difficult position.
value their friendship, but just cared about himself and dreamed to be the most popular student at school.
One day, he made an unintentional mistake.
He was so afraid to admit it that he didn't tell anyone this thing.
