For example, most pets are very dirty and they have a lot of diseases with them which will make us ill .
Sometimes a dog will bite someone when it is angry .
During our daily life you can see Japanese everywhere.
when you surf the internet, you can see Japanese, When you go shopping, You can see many instructions written in Japanese .
Even when you read, you can find that many books are written in Japanese .
And do our homework on time carefully.
If we have any time , we can read some Japanese news and learn some useful words.
Don't worry about make mistakes.
I Hope to their graduation can work in the airport, and have a stable job, achieve their goals to do every thing.
It looks very beautiful.
Everyone has many interesting experiences.
We often share our experiences with our friends.
I couldn't swim in the past.
But Ireally wanted to swim in the river like fishes.
So I asked my friends to learn to swim together.
The swimming teacher taught us to swim.
When I had some troubles, my friend usually appeared next to me and encouraged me.
And she helped find out the roof of the troubles and solve it.
Emotional intelligence and intellectual intelligence are dispensable to our lives.
The emotional intelligence plays a prominent role in a person's way of dealing with difficulties.
It matters with your self-awareness, your self-management and social-awareness.
It was cultivated in people's later life.
In the school, teachers should also be wise to educate and lead the students so that the youth can get benefits both learning and ventures.
Of course, emotional intelligence is a million-dollars topic for common guys.
As for the intellectual intelligence, which was decided at birth, one can't make a lot of improvement in it.
It makes sense all our life.
We need our IQ to solve the math problems, and we also need our IQ to start some science projects.
A person with high IQ may have a significant achievement in some professional fields.
Both the IQ and EQ are very crucial in shaping people's process.
My father is a coal miner.
he has bronze -coioured skin .
and dense hair .
Father is serious .
Father hard word every day .
Father love me .
In our daily life, we will meet many kinds of different people every day.
Some one we will say hello to, some one we will smile to and others we won't notice.
If you ask me who I love most.
I will tell you my mother is my favorite people.
She has a little fat and is belong to general people of China.
She is kind and loving.
She teachs me how to study and how to be a honest person.
When I am growing, she always sets an example to me.
Form her, I know what is right and what is available.
I also learn how to live everyday and how to express love.
I know we should not waste time and food.
But as we all know , pursuit a dream isn't easy .
May in the course of your dreams, you will lose a lot .
People may have a taste of success, although people do not have.
This series of book will not difficult understand.
It is suitable for logistics major student.
We also have preferential price for this series.
If you buy the whole series, we will give you 50% discount.
This special offer expiration date will keep on 3 months.
We promise the quality of this series of book is very well.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some student agreed getting online frequently.
getting online could learn so much , broaden one's horizons as well as chat and share with others.
But some students were against to get online frequently.
They thought that it was bad for our eyes.
In my opinion we should spend correct time on getting online.
More and more college student fall into a bad habit , which is using mobile phone in the classroom at present .
They generally use mobile phone to read novel, play games, chat on QQ and so on.
they don't pay a attention to the teacher.
On one hand, this practice will let their scores fall; on the other hand, they show disrespect to their teacher.
What is more, some student don't let mobile on the state of no sounds .
In the classroom, sounds from mobile will interrupt class.
They must break themselves of this practice that using mobile phone in the classroom.
They can't carry a call phone class to avoid playing mobile.
They can do note in class.
In this way, they will not time to playing mobile.
They should be aware of that our duity is study.
Some people believe that university students go to classes shouldn't be optional, they don't agree students need attend classes on time like in high school.
But I don't think so, it just finds a reason for bad student who doesn't like go to classes.
The teacher not just gives you basic knowledge, the most importance is he or she teaches you how to use and develop it in life experience.
For one question, different person has different thought, it was not only improved our communication skill but also enhanced knowledge.
University does not like high school anymore, students also can be a teacher in class.
The teacher just help us to learn by ourselves, in class, we will learn how to study, how to distribute study time and how to work with others.
In conclusion, I think, as a good student who must attend classes.
In classes, we can know so many things than yourself learning in bedroom.
Lixia had fun visiting London and Beijing.
As we can see the picture, a son facing his father.
Saing''I'am a bit worried a about disposing of nuclear waste.
The picture takes message that a house is not , how can sweep the world .
the father want to tell his son that if you think little thing and not achieve it , you also not achieve big thing.
Our yongers more like the son in the picture.
There is only a child in many family, so young people become the focus in their family .
----One More To The Lake(by E.
People are born to death.
Life is the present the god gives us to experience all the joys and sorrows so that we can be a rich person at the end of our destination.
Bunyan has described the life as a journey, absolutely, as it is.
The article One More To The Lake  , written by the E.
White, shows us great wisdom and thought of life, death, time, comparing the past and the present of his own experiences to the Maine, which is the potential map of all of us.
The lake gives a great expression to the little boy, as a infinitely remote and primeval lake.
Without doubt, the author returns to the lake with his son because of the beautiful memory of the lake.
However, the feeling is the same as many years ago, the same small waves, the same boat, the same place, the same freshwater leavings and debris, which confuses the author that the years were a mirage and there had been no years and whether he is the little boy beside him.
All the things just as same as tomorrow and he seems to be living a dual existence.
All of the memory gives the author sharp and creepy sensation, as described in the Rip Van Winkle  .
Everywhere they went, the author can't distinguish himself and his son.
Somehow, life is a beautiful picture, and from the article, after the thunderstorm, like an old melodrama, all the life can still fill with light, hope and spirits.
However, with the time wearing on, all the people have to face the reality--life is not a circle and the destination of all of us is death.change is the immortal topic of life.
What we must focus on is the process rather than the destination.
So, all those times and memories which are infinitely precious worth saving and bearing in our mind.
Peace and goodness and jollity are always in the deep heart of the author.
Admittedly, life is never a easy journey with sunshine and always shot through with flowers and applauses, but also accompanies with frustrations and stumbling blocks.
All the different experiences can colorize and spice our daily dull life so that we can face our death strongly and confidently.
Death never comes alone but combines with new-born life, hope and spirits.
Namely, the evolution of human beings and life can be sustained in the other form.
It can be a chain in a sense.
Compared with the nature, the life of human being is weak but it can have supreme spirit, and all the life can be blended in the nature.
With the decay of vitality, weariness increases, the thought of rest will not be unwelcome.
I should wish to die when i have gone thorough all the sorrows and joys, knowing that other new-born life will carry on what i can no longer do, and content in the thought that what was possible has been done.
All of us, if in old age, can see life in this way, will not suffer from the fear of death, since the things we cares for will continue.
All the new-born lives will give us enough confidence, strength and rescue for the death.
In addition, the author shows us definitely his affection for the nature and all the wonderful and beautiful scenes bestow the tranquility and peace of the mind of the author.
Obviously, the nature have magic power to soothe all the spirits with weariness and scars.
All the lives can find their special homes in the nature, embraced by the nature.
Living in the harmony with the nature can water the spirit of us, we can find nothing may prevents us from freedom and get rid of hustle and bustle in the cities.
Both new-born lives and creatures facing the death are the great works of the nature, which creates the balance of the universe, Death and birth can not be a circle of only one person but, can be that of all the creature, making the immortality the perpetual theme of the nature.
When we die, our bodies belongs to the soil, spirits passing down.
Nature, life, existence and death are essential blocks of our life, like a balance, we can live in a wonderful life when we find the fulcrum of it.
Time , like grease smoothing a machine, can heal the wounds and take wonderful moments.
The things happened years ago is just like the moments yesterday.
Evidently, life is the present the god bestows us, with inspiration, aspiration, perspiration and desperation.
John Lennon said, life is what happening when we are busy making plans.
Time takes away a lot of wonderful moments and death comes, but we don't have the reason for reluctant passion for life.
We can find the peace and tranquility of our heart, and all the spirits left and witness the existence of us.
Most of them are of our China literary works, as the four famous etc.
In my National Day, I have been to BeiJing with my best friend.
Because it was the golden week, there were many people.
Huge crowds of people everywhere.
At first, we went to see the Imperial Palace and the Great Wall.
These let us feel that we were proud to be a Chinese.
The Imperial Palace noted the history.
There were many antiques which we could espy the great culture.
From the Great Wall, it was well-known wonder in the world.
Chinese often say:  you are not a real hero until you have climbed the Great Wall.
Last three days, we visited the streets of Beijing.
We went to the snack street.
There are a lot of delicious snacks, especially the famous Beijing roast duck.
Beijing roast duck is really delicious, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.
We were very enjoyed our journey.
We took a lot of pictures.
l like blue and pink best.
You know, nowadays , money is everything.
Many people do something because they want something .
He devoted all his money to the kid to go to school, even himself has no money to treat his cancer.
So you can do good deed without ang reward.
Yes, I know, you want to get something when you pay for something.
Just like the fishmen who was excepted to save the drown children was not going to save or even pick up children's dead body.
I think man shoud have their humanism, in any situation.
The university students made a great contrast between these cold-blood fishmen.
They do know they can't swim, the call in their heart made them to do it.
I do appeal people to help others.
Not all the people needn't other's help all the time.
As we can see , there is a universal phenomenonin our compus that are called seat taken.
It's easy to find it thatsome students think that seat taken is uncivilized behavior.
Some unlucky guys can't find good seats even that they are the earliest one to arrive at the classroom.
Because someone has gone here and put their books down on the good seats.
So I think it's wise to hold different view on it.
Everyone who wants to get better study effects is willing to stay on a good place.
We don't have the right to reduce their enthusiam of study.
In the momrning, I make the bed and helped mom cooked breakfast, mom was very happy saw this.
Then, I took out the rubbish, cleaned the living room and washed the clothes.
In the everning, I helped my mom cooked dinner.
Afer dinner, I did the dishes, I back the living room.
As is vividly seen from the picture , the boy gives 100 dollars for the girl to express the friendship , saying this is low case.
When we face problem , the friend can give us some advice.
Because out own points of view towads things may not be always right .
Therefore, it is necessary for us to seek advice from friends.
Civil servants is a superior remuneration, social status and relative work relatively stable industry.
I think examination of civil service in the modern society more and more people, can be reflected from one college graduates employment has the certain difficulty.
Civil service exam can provide a lot of excellent talents for the government, to better serve the people, for the participants of the civil service exam, in the fierce competition is conducive to improve their own quality and ability.
For parents, in the hope that their children have a steady job.
To sum up, attend officeholder exam or to decide according to their own dreams, we should have their own idea, what kind of work as long as the intention to be successful, the main can't blindly follow suit.
To believe that a three hundred and sixty lines out of the top.
In recent years, with the improved standards of living, most person attach great importance to exchange by phone.
In the library, everybody is concentrate read widely and Miscellaneous.
sudden.
Whom the phone sound break quiet in library.
It is dreadful in public.
Lead to the other cannot read the book.
In my opinion.
library should provide the rule.
blog.
They update the blogs every day.
Besides, we pay our attention to their blogs.
Blog is web log, it is a web side, of course for everyone, to express our mind, our news or our feelings.
By blog we cannot only share our happiness or sadness with our friends but can pay our attention to our friends blog, so that we can care more about our friends.
When we have difficulty in studies, there must be someone kind enough to support us by blog.
When our friends have lucky things, we could send our congratulation to them in time.
We also can change our mind with others by blog.
The more necessary of Internet in our life, the more popularity of blog is.
life become more and more better, but we need more attention.
Besides, our face to face the talk is reduced, so blog become the important way for us to communicate.
Becouse blog is set up in Internet, some people frequently tell lies in blog.
It is wrong.
There was a boy named Monty Rpberts, when he was a senior, he was asked to write a paper about dream, Monty's dream was to have a their own ranch.
when he handed his paper in to his teacher, his teacher gave he a larg red F, because he thought Monty's dream was an unrealistic dream , and asked Monty to rewrite it, but Monty determine to follow his dream.
As a result, his dream came true, and his teacher regreted to steal many kids' dream.
In the process of pursuing our dreams, most of us hope that there would be fewer obstacles.
Apparently, closed doors cut off our thoughts.
But if we think carefully, it will take on a new look.
While we meet difficulties, we can't be hopeless.
Because it just means this way is wrong, we can still take another measures to solve the problem.
Actually, when we are under great pressure, our creative potential can be developed.
For example, Edison looked for thousands of materials to serve as filament, after trials and errors, he finally found tungsten.
Faced with so many failures, he never gave up.
Instead, his inspiration came flowing.
Every coin has two sides.
Although closed doors can prevent us from observing things thoroughly, we can think about as many aspects as possible to handle this.
Mia is the princess of the country, her grandmother Queen Clansse really wish her to be the princess, but Mia doesn't intend to be, she just wants to be a common girl.
If I am her, I think being a princess isn't a good thing.
You can't do things you love to do.
And you should meet a lot of reporters, a lot of national governments, you don't have any free time to do the things you like.
This is very annoying.
Many people walk behind you and ask you too many questions, sometimes some of these may make you feet embarrassed, and you don't know how to answer them appropriate.
You even can't have personal secrets.
Parents VS Kids: I think a kid shouldn't always follow your parents'commands, sometimes your parents'command is not opinion, that will misdirect you.
You should have your own opinion but should not always follow others.
They can't be you.
Before doing something, think and think, that's really important, and you will benefit from it.
But one thing can not be denied, the orders of their parents is good, only those who love you will criticize you.
Regardless of the fact that whether there extraterrestrials exist on the planet remains a mystery, so far still a large number of people hold the firm belief that the answer is positive.
believe that E.
T do exist.
Firstly, looking back on the history, the rapid development of modern science and technology witnessed our happy life .
I am very curious about the aliens' life situation.
It's not easy to make a wonderful living.
How did they succeeded in making it and how long did it is still a doubt.
As is known to us all, the balance of the nature will be broken if we put great emphasis on technology development rather than focusing on protecting of the environment.
So, I want to find out how they can balance the economy and environment.
However, despite the fact that our earth have developed quickly like lightning, our environment is becoming worse than ever.
The last but not the least, whether a thriving cultural depends on the length of history is also my issue.
Our earth has get through hundreds of thousands of years, and culture becomes flourishing.
So, I am eager to get the answer of the exact years of existence of aliens.
On balance, I wish to have a heart-to-heart discussion with E.
. What I expect is that after our talk , we can develop a deep friendship , we can get what we want, we can learn something useful that contribute to our planets' development.
Well, on campus for the consumption of famous brand clothes.
Nowadays, the earth is becoming warmer and warmer as a consequence of the greenhouse effect.
Low-carbon lifestyle means low energy-consumption, low expenditure and so on.
Actually low-carbon lifestyle has become one kind of fashion in many big cities all over the world.
As college students, it is our responsibility to live and promote low-carbon lifestyle.
At last, low-carbon lifestyle is not just a slogan but a kind of lifestyle.
Last week, we had watched the film called The Shawshank Redemption.
In this famous movie, a man named Andy impressed me a lot.
He is a man which one of the leads.
He was wronged and got into the prison because of his crimes  .
He is very handsome, but he is so serious that he wasn't said any words to others.
Finally, he could said some words because he made a friend called Red.
They loved each other and took care of each other.
After over 20 years, Andy said that he would left, and one day with rains and clouds, Andy ran away.
I have been dreaming of being a university student for a long time before I went into the university.
Firstly, there are more classes than what I had thought I would have in university, though the classes we have now is less, when weighed with the class we have in Senior High school.
The second is the role our teachers play in our study.
For a simple example, we may see our teachers twice a month after their class, only, which means we should rely ourselves more than before.
The last, from my view, is that the way we use in Senior High school should be given up.
To make myself adjust to the new life here as soon as possible, I will try my best to obtain the key in the university life promoting my skills.
Just as the saying goes:  If you cannot change the world, please change yourself  .
People say, A year's plan starts with spring.
Spring is a season of sowing.
Farmers work hard in the field.
Willows burgeon forth; the peach trees blossom; the grasses sprout out of the earth; the wheat shoots are a lush green.
The swallows return from the south, nesting on the tree.
The whole earth is full of vitality.
In contrast, autumn is a season of harvest.
The wheats turn yellow; farmers are busy harvesting their crops.
The leaves and grasses also turn yellow; the ground is covered with the fallen leaves, like a golden yellow carpet.
The swallows back to the south for the clod winter.
The trees have only stark branches, looks very monotonous.
It's rainy in autumn.
It is very forturenat for us to live in this word which is very polit.
And we should lean how to be a good listener.
First, we must know the advantage of being a good listener.
It means that you listen carefully.
Being a good listener is a nessesary leasion in our life.
Listen to others, you will get frendship.
NOW mang students often pay little attention to their spelling that their writing is full of spelling mistakes.
The existence of the problem can be attributed to the following main reason.
The first, because most students think that spelling words is not important, so lead to mang simple words are spelling mistakes.
Secondly, mang teachers do not provide students with adequate knowledge of building up new words, that students memorizing words, so the students is very easy to spelling mistakes.
People all over the world set great regard on good manners.
To certain degree, good manners indicate a person's education and breeding.
In schools, it is part of student's moral training to develop good manners.
A person with good manners always wins praise.
There are good manners in which we behave in public places.
So is it to conduct ourselves politely and keep away from foul language.
It's known to us that we are now live in an era of globalization which is a double-edged sword.
It brings to us not only benefits but also disasters.
There's no mistakes to say that today's world is dominated by the western culture.
Such as advocating their social system and merit system worldwide, exporting their cultural products and expanding the influence of their festivals, western countries now make full use of the alternative of globalization to have an invasion of culture to other countries .
Second, we should make every effort to revive our traditional culture.
We all know that there are lots of dregs in our traditional culture and as a result, we should pay attention to getting rid of them.
Last but also the most important, our country should spare no effort to develop our economy, for the economy is the foundation of culture.
These are my ways to preserve our Chinese traditional culture, Also, it's natural that there're many other ways to make it.
Second, you should read and try to pronounce the new words when you listen to them.
Third, I also advice you, try to write every word every day ang remcember them in your head.
Our country's food safety always makes us worry in recent years.
For example, illegal cooking oil, pollution milk, chemical additives, pesticide pollution and so on.
These things make our hair stand on end, and we cannot believe a lot of food productions.
Food pollution to the society and people life bring a lot of bad effects.
Our healthy is under threat the food safety.
We doubt everything what we eat and drink, we have no security.
In this background, we should improve our awareness on food safety .
For example, I do not eat street food any more and I reduce the times of restaurant, I spend more time to do my food at home, and I lose my heart to do the cooking.
As we know nobody can go without friends .
A good friends is someone who make us happy or impressive.
why we need each other or what wo can do for each other.
Therefor, you don't need to worry about how to adapt to the new environment.
This is a vivid picture.
In our life, we often have the same doubt like the child said.
When we suffer from zhe problem , just like math, english, economic and so on.
Somepeople who have a bright head , can find a simple way .
Somepeople who don't have a hight IQ , can solve the problem use a hard way .
The others are difference of them .
When they suffer from problems , they will escape or give up .
Made problem baled and throw into zhe trash.
Sometime we always face problem, somepeople solve it , somepeople run away.
But if we throw zhe problem into the trash.
Our life is full of temptation, persist in the end is temptation, give up also a temptation.
I'm delighted to hear from you.
I'm glad to know that you have such a good teacher as Mr.
The teacher I like most is Ms.
Li, who teaches us chemistry.
I met her when I was in grade 9.
I didn't know her well at that time.
But now, we're getting closer.
I like her because she is conscientious in her work.
She is always ready to help us if we have any difficulties.
Nowadays, more and more people care about the Chinese education.
When we were young, our parents taught us by holding our hands, and our parents taught us how to use pencil, how to eating and what we can do or not, we were only following step by step.
When we grew up, we need to go to school, our parent would tell us Good good study, day day up  , we need try our best to learn and we need keep learning until 11 p.m and when on weekends, we should go to the extension classes for more scholarship.
In my opinion, chinese learning will create a lot of slaves who don't have creativity when we enter the university which beyond our parents' control, we are always playing rather than hard-working.
The following reasons can account for this kind of crazy.
First, nowadays college students face great employment pressure, civil services one of The most comfortable professions.
second, most students choose civil service, because it can provide a steady income and life.
But, in my point of view, The civil service has many negatives effects.
Generally speaking Everything has advantages and disadvantages, in the face of crazy civil service, I just want to say, everyone should know what i want, have a dream, then to work.
Spelling is a learned skill not a talent, Spelling can be mastered by learning a few basic rules about when to change the endings on words.
Many students think English is used in future life in a very small.
So the students very a negative psychology.
For example , the global warming is a serious problem for all countries , as the industry develops rapidly , people are constantly emiting gas into atmosphere , as the result , the temprature goes up , what 's worst , some glaciers are melting , particularly in Antarctic .
People can 't realise the crucial of the nature .
I still remembered that last term my roommates made a birthday party for me.
On that day, they were not tell me, but I found some strange movements on them actually.
They said happy birthday to me and prepared a cake for me.
I felt very happy in that moment and I will never forget that day because that birthdy was the first one I spend in school.
I'm now in the examination room writing my final paper in my high school career.
You have been giving me courage since I went to school, especially in my last year in high svhool.
But for your encouragement, I would give up for many times.
Recently I have been taking every efforts to study, which improves my grade a lot.
My hard work pay off.
I found this exam smooth and I give full play to my ability.
After this exam I will be free for a long time.
Then I want to pay you back.
I will help you with houseworks.
What's more, I will cook for you.
Less fortunate, the court in vacation, so we only waited until now to start legal proceedings.
I think that they have their own reasons, but as the people in the industry, their duties can, and do not have such a tit for tat.
In addition to the side to watch the people do not have to gloat, this is a social problem, not just exist in the square Korea, so we should be more thought to deal with this matter, rather than holding a watch.
With the passage of time, a lot of people now living habits case of major change , such as food.
dress.
Though very tired , everyone felt full .
we can also eat healthy food .
But now have changed , people is too busy to grow .
Nowadays , there are more and more entertainment activities to enrich our life .
In fact , there are many diffeneces between now and past .
On the other hand , that have not well place .
In this picture, we can see the young man asks his father question  Dad, I am a bit worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
In this society, everyone wants to be greatful, everyone wants to be famous, everyone wants to do big things.
From my perspective, every big things are composed of small things.
As long as you work hard with those little things and have a full preparation of the road ahead, you can do the big thing.
When I first went into the school gate, see my new classroom and teachers.
I thought I would have a new start.
The school day is very busy and exciting.
There are many new subjects in our school, such as: Chinses, Maths, English, Physics, History, Geogrophy, Chemistry, Politics, Art and Music.
We have four classes in the morning.
We have our lunch in the dinning hall.
Hello, everyone.
My name is X form Y city Z province .
I am 21 years old.
My major is business English at D College.
l like my major very much.
Because l think English is easy to learn except the English pronunciation.
I like to read novel and go out with my friends.
Along with digital message more and more popular, we have ignored to read.
Many people like to watch a movie or television than to read a book.
Because the movie have picture and voice.
Popular speaking , people become more and more lazy.
The movie have confined your mind you don't think and feel, all of things can pass to us.
We lost the original fun.
Being careful to read a book can calm down our mind and to our more and more positive energy.
Finally to us become very clever.
Reading is a good habit.
Reading can't be replaced by movie and television.
Dream is like a power that pushes us forward.
It's what you intend to work hard for.
I want to be a doctor, so I must study hard.
I take classes every day and listen to teachers carefully.
I read lots of books to learn more.
With a dream we can also be happier.
When you achieve little goals of your dream, you feel extremely happy.
Dream also stands for glory.
We want to feel good about ourselves.
One can feel that life is boring without a dream.
He may get pessimistic when something bad happens to him.
Dream brings hope and glory.
College is an important part in our life.
It is vital to our future and necessary for our life.
Some students use the time to find ways to earn themselves.
As far as I'm concerned, the above are not the best ways to the use of the college time.
If we want to make the best use of college life, we should do three things at least as possible as we can.
The first thing we must concern is how to arrange our time reasonable .
In college, we have more spare time compared to high school.
We can do what we want to do using the spare time.
The second thing we should concern is our study .
Many students don't think highly of the study and regard it very easy to get through.
The wrong thought always makes students spend more time on other things such as computer games.
The last but not the least, we should plan our future well.
We should attend some classes which are necessary for us.
In a word, college is very important to our life.
Time always goes by so fast.
My high school life is going to end.
Recently, I made great progress owing to studying hard.
This finally exam also go on well.
I shown my own level.
After the exam, I will help you do some housework and let you have a taste to my cooking.
What's more, I can take a walk with you to talk someting about our family.
Now I am not a child any more.
Thank you, mom.
Thank you, dad.
They always like to say you should do this.
The monarch type of parent is intolerant, autocratic and self-centered.
They are kind, good - natured and easy - going.
However, as parents' view of life diffirent.
Recently, people have paid more and more attention to the fake products, and the new reports about the fake products abound with our eyes and affect our lives.
There are several of the harmfulness of fake products as follows.
The first and most essential, some enterprises product fake products, which infringe consumers' rights and interests, including the right to know, right to health.
Consumers spend money to buy product, but if it was fake produc, which is unfair to them, and the fake products of food or medicines may harm consumers' health, the fake medicines not only aggravate a patient's condition, but also lead to threatening his life, and what's more, to result in his death; The second, fake produce may cause the disorder of product market, and many producers ofen follow, which bring about a inequality of competition, in addition, the fake products probably affect those producers who are meeting the standards.
In a word, the harmfulness of fake products is so serious that the government should crack down on fake and shoddy products.
Do you remember me, a cool guy who's studying in THE Attached High school to Nankai University.
NOw our school is going to hold camping, too.
I'm very impressed with you.
So I will introduce some features to you.
For example we can go around my city which has hundreds of years'history.
And then maybe you can stay in a Chinese family to feel our life and know about Chinese cultures.
It told that something bad happended in my family, so I had to reture to my homeland quickly.
I know you are playing a speech match recently, but I have no time to wait for you until you go back.
In my opinion, I have three reasons resulting in this phenomenon.
Moreover, some students dislike their major , so they tend to transfer to what they are fond of by this examination.
you do not forget your parents they are never failed to cheer you up .
At pretsent, a lot of College students have some unhealthy habits.
As a College student, if you have those unhealthy habits, you will lose lot's of things in the university.
those unheathy habits will stop them doing some interting things.
a shiftless student; studied in a shiftless way.
if we have something seek not the solustion, Some people are afraid of failure and they can not bear the blow of failure, so they stay where they are and try to not to mike progress.
In my oppinion, we should keep studing our objects, and look for our value.
Last year, there is an important and exciting thing happened in my life.
There is no too much homework and class and I will have a great time in my college.
However, the fact is contray to my thought, the college life is not so great as I think.
Within unfamiliar environment, I feel lonely and maladjustable.
I begin to miss my home, the strong feeling of missing home makes me frustrated and and sad.
Then I find I have no way to study as before.
It seems like each way lead to a fault direction.
I'm always try to find the best way to study and live a life.
After a year of college life.
I find myself changed.
I'm more mature than before and more studious.
I also become independent, not only functional independence, attitudinal independence, but also emotional independence.
I can even do anything on my own and don't need to rely on others any more.
I will do something I like but without the supports from others as well.
I don't feel excessive guilty, anxiety and mistrust.
And I know the importance of the relationship with friends, classmates and parents.
I have tried to communicate with them from time to time to maintain our relationship.
The knowledge I have learned in college makes me know that we should treat one thing in different views is really equal and we also should become aware not only of other groups in our own culture, but also people of other culture.
I'm an adult now, and I know that I should responsible for myself.
when I do something, I should think more.
I have learnt a lot and became more mature.
It means a lot when someone addresses them in a civil, polite way.
Nowadays, the global integration of economy and speeding information revolution have brought the world closer than ever before; meanwhile, western commercialism has flooded into China.
The answers to the question are quite polarized.
Someone believes that it is an unavoidable trend.
The others thinks otherwise, they highlight that it would undermine the influence of our own culture.
First of all, for the aspect of cultural exchanges, Westerners and Easterners are walking side by side, talking face to face, working and studying in harmony.
Chinese learn English, Americans study Chinese; we have tea, they drink coffer; we enjoy Peking Duck, they like butter and bread.
Besides, western commercialism, to some degree, promote the growth of economy in China's coastal cities and its surrounding areas.
Foreign investment can maximize the strengths of two parties.
China has massive land, abundant natural resources, a huge supply of skilled workers and the growing consumer market.
All these advantages are rarely found elsewhere in the world .
On the other hand, foreign investors from developed countries or areas have sufficient funds and advanced technology and managerial expertise.
What's more, it has a great influence on China's mass media.
Accompanying the western commercialism, a series of blockbuster hollywood movies has run into China.
Such masterpiece has truely irresistible charm for Chinese audience.
In addition, nowadays the high rating TV entertainment show Running Man has been brought into China, which is popularized by millions of Chinese audiences.
What's obviously is that we must have a study plan and try our best to absorb the top poi-ts of the class.
And remember that failure is the mother of success.
As the saying goes, true friendship can exist forever.
It's important to everyone.
If you possess it, you should be valued it.
For example, at ZhanGuo period there are two people called Guanzhong and Baoshuya.
At their young time they have a business together.
Baoshuya is a little greed, but Guan didn't mind it.
He even says Bao do that was because his mother was ill-ed and need money.
Afterwards, Guan was appointed to the prime minister.
Friendship on utility can not be forever.
A couple of virtuous friends is like that they can face trouble together and share a commitment each other.
No matter what happened, true friendship would give a good influence on you at any time.
Reading is a critical part of learning and growth and finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
Spending free time reading can improve our knowloage and save 64r time.
What's more, reading can relax our body and let us learn more out of textbooks.
This summer, my parents and I are travel Paris.
Nightclub is a place I must go because haven't been to nightclub means not go to Paris.
Many people believe that nightclub is worthless place.
In face this is wrong.
In Paris, nightclub is the brightest place at night.
There are women's beautiful battlefield.
There I only a feeling, it is hoot.
In the nightclub, wear whatever I can.
I can show myself in the different side.
Miniskirt, hot pants and high-heel shose show I sexy side.
Canyas shoes or lovely short boots and uniforms to show I pure lovely side.
Last but not the least important, we can release pressure through movement, just as a proverb says, The life lies in the movement.
It contains plenty of English vacabulary which is beneficial to improve the reading skills of students.
Some of them, because of the ill their family is broken.
First, we should not look down them.
Second, we should give a hand to them in life.
Third, We can encourage them to life.
Although china and the west have many differences, it does not mean the people of these countries have difficulty in communications.
Nowadays , more and more people use new ways of consumption in order to save money, student also like other people , coupons.
group-buy .
Firstly, in order to save money .
Currently, more and more discord events happen on campus.
For example, Majiajue killed all of his roommates and damaged his bright future.
Students would not spare the flowers and trees .
Actually similar incident in universities.
Thus, it's necessary to construct harmonious campus and depend on all the efforts of students.
What's more , we can not ease study until have a steady environment.
Firstly, we should cultivate a positive mental attitudes toward everything.
Secondly , the school should be holds various activities to unites classmates and make students understand how important to us human to take good care nature.
As far as i'm concerned, constructing tuneful campus not important but necessary, everyone has a responsibility to complete it.
To get a promotion was what you had dreamed of since you came to the this company.
For this, you have been working hard, and you took every opportunity .
I take a internship, consequently, I went to the detachment in July 18th.
As the old saying goes: things do not happen, things are made to happen.
Meantime, everything has two sides and credit card is not an exception, it has both advantages and disadvantages.
Firstly, it is convenient for us to take credit cards when we go to the mall and purchase.
You can pay money to other buy something.
Not everyone can become a hero.
They have a lot of quality and spirit of sacrifice oneself to protect others like.
The four heroes in the air disaster behaved as they did.
They could never have imagined such a capacity in themself.
Only minutes before their character was tested.
For at some moment in the water they must have realized that they would not live if they continued to hand over the rope and ring to others.
They had to know it, no matter how slow the effect of the cold.
They felt they had no choice.
I believe that they was likewise giving a lifeline to those who watched their.
They in the water set themself against an immovable, impersonal enemy; they fought it with kineness; and they held it to a standoff.
As is known to us all, difficulty is arounding our life .
Maybe some people will expand the role of failure , and look down on themselves.
On the contrary, Others will look down on the failure , and learn from the failure , Then, it will take them a little time to get over the difficulties.
Now, with the development of society English is becoming more and more important.
Some people think learning English is to make a living.
They believe English is just a tool we communicate with others.
There are also other views about learning English.
Some other people regard English as a means to improve self-cultivation.
This idea direct them learn English in many manner of ways.
In my opinion, English is not just a kind of language but also a type of culture which is different from ours.
The book introduced a tale including the writer and her two daughters , the writer educated her daughters with the strict Chinese traditional ways of education.
A large amout of English words covered the book in many ways, which has positive meaning to improve the ability of students' reading.
As the coin has two sides.
There are two sides to everything.
Such as the cooperative learning.
The most of the students think it is a good way to learn.
Part of students do not think so.
As far as I can see, I like the former.
There are the reason.
First, Cooperative learning make us hardworking, it makes us love learning more, We will contrast with other groups.
It is use for studying.
, but cooperative learning make me vitality.
Second, I like to discuss with friends.
Last but not least, I like a lively atmosphere.
As a result, I like cooperative learning more.
Our English class use cooperative learning.
This is a way that very original way.
I am very glad to hear from you .
How time flies.
We both are in university .
You ask me what kind of books should we read .
As many people say, reading classics plays a significant role to one's growing.
Classics can be read heaps of times.
As for me, I have read Pride and Prejudice for more than twenty times since I am 12, which has a long-term impact on me.
For example, it was your turn to be on duty that week, while you were occupied with something others.
Then you asked your classmate to help you, and he promised that he would do the sweep .
It's obviously that we can know the second is a real friend, but the first one is a person who is totally unreliable.
This system also can build up netizen's responsibility.
The result shows that 45% of high school students spend most of money on books while the majority of middle school students spend much money on snacks.
Some people think the credit card very advantageously to us.
They hold their view for the reason that they can use it convenient .
They need not to carry a lot of money.
The Credit Cards can be used to expend ahead of time and overdraws .
So a lot of people like using it to go shopping.
The credit card have many frauds.
We can not see our money.
We don't know that how the money is gone.
From my point of view, the Credit Card is convenient to shopping .
The reason is that we need it at present .
But we need to attention to our Credit Cards spending records.
Do not deceived.
On a Maths class, the teacher taught the studenys Multiplication Table.
From my perspective, I disagree with that student as learning basic skills is so important that we must learn it well, or else we won't solve the problems in our daily life easily.
Basic skills are so necessary in our life that no matter how the job market develops, they always play an essential role.
Nowadays, whether the travelling is valuable or not, travelling has become a popular controversial issue and this topic has aroused the great public concern.
Facing this issue, individuals hold the different opinion.
Some people think travelling abroad is worth for them to implement while the other people believe travelling just only waste their time instead of doing many important affairs.
I am the supporter of the former view and I enjoy travelling deeply, because travelling abroad is one of my dreams to come true.
Several advantages attribute to it are as following.
In the first place, with the rapid boom of economy and society, more and more people are wealthier than before.
Except it, as to the vehicles are advanced to arrive everywhere in a short time.
So they can travel conveniently and fast and they can go to the the other countries easily.
In the second place, through travelling, we can find the biggest joy of our life and make our life wonderful and colorful.
I think both middle-aged people and youngsters should trave for many times a year.
Furthermore, especially the young people who trave a lot , the wider horizon they will get.
For the English major students, they can take this opportunity to improve their oral English and skills and it is a simple and efficient way.
Last but not least, we can expand our social circle and open up a smooth way for our career.
Travelling is fraught of joyness and venture to exercise our bravery and enhance our physical quality.
On the contrary, the other part peole say, time is money, they are eager to make considerablemoney not trave in the life.
All in alll, everyone has their own choices, we aren't sure whether they are right or wrong.
I perfer to travelling rather than watching Tv and films.
Even if many of times no on would check you attending the class, you still need to go.
In our memories , as is always a teacher give an evaluation to a student .
And in my opinions , I think it necessary to give an evaluation to teacher .
As it is known to all of us , failure plays avital important role in our life .
When we go through afailure , we may feel painful , upset and depressed.
In my opinion , the ability of acollege student to deal with the failure is poor .
He may be at aloss and rather helpless behind it .
Like afriend of me , he did badly in his midterm exam so that he was very disappointed .
I think it is become he lack confidence .
Therefore , when facing afailure , he will be depressed.
In order to help students overcome the failure .
Recently a survey about phone calls and text messaging is a hot topic.
Everyone has different attitudes.
In my opinion, whether phone calls or text messaging is very good for us.
  I agree with the idea that mobile devices can help us reach other people.
When we have difficulties in doing something, for example, seeking jobs, how to live better and so on.
We can call our friends, then we may get some help.
Mobile devices can reach other people.
If someone leaves for something, but one thing that you should ask her opinion, she is not here.
Mobile devices will help you contact her.
Once my deskmate went home for her brother's wedding.
And we kept contact through mobile decices.
  I do not think so.
If other people can reach us, our friends and we will have better relationship.
If they contact us, they may need our help, they may miss us, they may want to talk to us.
We are friends, we should help them.
If so, our friendship will become better and better.
Mobile devices help other people reach us; mobile devices make us have many friends.
In conclusion, my attitude towards mobile devices is positive.
They make people's distance become shorter; they make people's heart become closer.
Now let me introduce myself.
My name is Macy, and my Chinese name is F.
In my free time, i usually surf the net or go shopping.
And then i really like pop music, thus, one of my hobbies is enjoying music.
For movies, i like romantic movies best, also i like Vampires Diaries very much.
Next, i like Chinese traditional culture, such as cross-stitch.
In my family, we have four members, including: my dad, my mom and my older brother, and i love my brother very much.
In addition, my dream job is English Translator, because i love english very much.
Though i am still a fresher, i still hope that i can improve every knowledge in English field.
Besides, i also expect that i can improve my courage from my college.
Forty percents of us think people should raise animals at zoos .
Sixty percents of us think people should not keep animals in the zoos .
Because they are not the real homes of animals .
In my opinion , It is cruel for us to feed animals in zoos .
Second , living in the forest can practice their living skills.
people are making use of blog to express what they think .
In my opinion, there are several reasons for the popularity of blog.
to record what we think , we do , and we see.
people who we even do not know well.
different places.
could teach us some knowledge we did not know before.
introduce ourself to ohers.
However, there exsist some disadvantages in blog.
broadcast unhealthy information.
the ability to think.
In a word, blog has advantages and disadvantages.
When reading occupies your lots of time , you will learn more knowledge that you don't know before .
How to remeber English words is a qusetion.
First, you should speak English in class.
After class , talk to your class in English as you can .
You can ask help for your teacher and class if you not uderstand.
You should write down grammer mistakes and write down the correct spelling or the grammer next to the mistakes.
You should listen to the radio or read newspaper for your listening and seeing.
Try to remenber 1-5 words every day , then you can lean English well day by day .
My life in China here is fantastic.
I have visited places of interests in Beijing which were bulit hundreds years ago.
Move over, I watch the Peking Opera , even though I can't understand a word, I think it wonderful.
In this year summer holiday, I took a trip to Yunnan.
I go there with my mother and friends.
It is in the southern part of our country.
And , you can get anywhere without culture in yunnan .
It is really a very beautiful place has grand mountains, clean rivers and kind people.
Trees and flowers are seen everywhere.
We are always go to kunming.
With the development of economic, people pay attention to education gradually.
To solve the problem of higher university, lots of Chinese university were built.
Nowadays, more and more students are accpeted by university in China.
As far as we kown, it is normal to go to university.
First of all, the number of college students is increasing.
The competition in work is drastic.
We have to worry about our jobs because it is hard to looking for suitable jobs.
Then, intake expansion in Chinese university bindly may waste education rescources.
Last but not least, intake expansion in Chinese university must deline the level of higher education.
Nowdays, less and less university students have never said Thank you for their parents.
I think the cause of the incident is as follows.
First, students do not facing these polite language.
They just think this is a small problem.
They may be think Thank you is not essential.
They think that if they say  Thank you for their parents , they will feel very uncomfortable.
They think it is feel like vomiting.
Then, they may be do not good at expression.
I suggest that say Thank you to our parents is a way of express for their love.
say love.
When I grew up I know teacher's work is very important and necessary to the development of society, at the same time, I think with children live togethe soon, naive, and can be forever young in spirit.
I don't think the education of children is a waste of tirne, on time, on the contrary, it is a valuable wark.
It is times when I am young.
In that date.
I study for a good class where I have some pupils.
And they are hard of studies.
teacher is concerned with our.
teacher are seem strong.
since that day.
I have a ideal which I become a teacher.
you may be surprised which teacher is hard work and low income.
I like children who get along with them.children make me feel young.others think of teacher weste time.
But I think it is interesting.
and I will point child study in the future.
Beause I love these children and I make them succeed.
After reading the passage, we known, over the years, Miss Emily Grierson's home has fallen into disrepair and become an eyesore among eyesores.
Due to the repid development of internet.
The food, everyone needs it everyday.
There are several reasons leading to the problem today.
First, black-heart businessman can get a very large benefit from use some unhealthy things to make foods, like dead pig, chicken or something else.
They also put some chemical materials into foods which can caused very serious healthy problems.
Second, the government does not pay attention to some large companies.
to instead of good meat.
and great brands, so they often don't pay a lot of attention to the qualities about their food.
However, the problem cannot be found at once.
When the problem exposure, it always be a very big problem which have a lot of victims.
To deal with this kind of situation, We should try our best to let the businessman known that it is not a long way to win benefit.
Maybe you can get a lot of money in a very short time, but latter they will lost all their customs in the future.
By the way, the government should also pay more attention to not only local businessman, but also some big companies.
So they do not dare to play tricks in the food which they made.
Also customs should take care about what they eat.
If there are some problems they should as soon as possible to let more people know that.
If everyone do what I said before.
At the beginning, you may find it strange to do.
It can make students catch rabbit in class instead listening carefully what teachers says.
To protect the high school from being keen on the mobile phone, here some personal slutions.
He interested in many kinds of activity for example: soccer, music and the Internet.
In the recent years, online shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Everything has two sides, so there are both advantages and disadvantages about online shopping.
For example, we can buy cheaper clothes on the Internet than once we buy them in the store.
Moreover, we can buy anything we need on the Internet.
Such as foods, shoes, skirts even if a pet.
It is convenient for someone who doesn't have time to go out.
All these are the advantages we can get from by online shopping.
However, when we buy clothes on the Internet, we won't know the clothes' quality.
It's tired for us to send it back to sellers.
We may never wear the clothes.
In my opinion, we can go to a store to look the clothes and remember the information of it.
When we get home, we can buy the same clothes on the Internet.
By this way, not only we can save our money but also we can buy some suitable clothes.
Now , I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
Berore the festival, people often do some cleaning, meaning sweeping the bad luck.
Parents buy some new clothes for their children frequently.
During Chinese Spring Festival, people put on their new clothes to welcome the new year.
Otherwise, the members sit around the table, eat dumplings and at the same time watch the TV show.
From my standpoint, Chinese Spring Festival is my favorite festival.
With the development of society, more people followed this whirlwind shopping on the Internet today, shopping online has become a trend.
As the weather gets colder, a growing number of white-collar workers are also more likely to shop online.
At home, easy and convenient.
In the traditional marketing model, a commodity to go into the hands of consumers.
Through layers of the exploits of agents.
While the low cost of online shopping is, site fees, utilities, wages, costs fell, prices also fell, but by national logistics Corporation, are often only a few days into your hands, and half the price of price traditions.
In the traditional way of shopping in the shops or large supermarkets.
Business time limits, consumers went shopping in person, online shopping much more flexible ways that customers can buy sell your merchandise at any time 24 hours, online shopping is not local, only require customers to open a Web site at home does not need to go out, the click of a mouse you can easily shop and sellers responsible for product delivery, can be completed in a very short period of time.
Compared with conventional shopping, shopping online return merchandise is a relatively cumbersome and cost risk things.
Second, receiving too slow.
Third, after-sales service.
Fourth, there is an online shopping drawback is that there are certain risks.
In my life I have met many good teachers, among which, I like my middle school English teacher most.
She was a little fat woman with long curled hair.
When I first saw her, I think she just like the other English teachers, who were boring and strict.
But , in fact, I was wrong.
I still remember the situation that she taught our first class.
A middle-aged woman with long curled hair came to our class.
She told us her English name was Emma, and requested us never call her teacher or teacher Emma.
On that day , we were singing, dancing and smiling.
I thought it was interesting at that time.
She was easygoing and she has never been impolite to us.
Oppositely, she treated us equally.
In her class, she always gave us laughter and told us mang English jokes.
She was such an excellent teacher that we got so much from her, not only the knowledge but also kindness, diligence.
She did not mind the students'slowness in learning, but what we learnt strong, she often asked us to recall the knowledge in class.
For me, she changed my mind in learning English.
Bfore I met her, I just thought English was boring.
I was informed not to wait for inspiration to start a thing.
I used to make the mistake of thinking that I had to feel inspired in order to write.
I have learned though, that is far from the truth.
I still fall into that trap while I was writing.
But that's in vain.
Besides, creative thinking also plays an important part in our writing.
Finally, you need a peculiar kind of sensitivity in your way to write.
More and More people look forward to being beautiful that's why there is excessive emphasis on appearance these days.
Some do cosmetic surgery and apply a heavy make-up while others even do some horrendous things in order to make themselves more beautiful.
These all do harm to people's health.
Furthermore, not only should we judge people by their appearance, but also we should judge the whole person.
Beauty without health is equivalent to a body without soul.
Only the people who with health are the most beautiful people.
As far as I am concerned, we should take actions to solve the problems caused by overcrowding.
In recent years, more and more people like to learn English online.
I think learning English online is a very good choice.
Finally, learning English online not only help us master the English, bnt also open us eyes.
With the development of science and technology, mobile phones are becoming the most popular communication device.
In my view, love means together  , our heart stay together.
To be honest, I really wanted back to that unforgettable days.
It was a long way to the countryside and it spent us a long time taking bus, we all feel tired, but we still have the strong will.
To our surprise, they picked up everything so fast because they were eager to gain knowledge although they were poor.
This is what the love means, we are here, we are together.
He escaped to London by himself because he can't put up with someone like Mrs.
Bumble and Mrs.
In a failed theft action, Oliver met Mr.
It was Mr.
There is a brave girl named Nancy, who risked her life telling Mr.
He became the adopted son of Mr.
As students, we always have a lot of exams every word.
The test is to use now check students learning.
First of all, some examinations do not reflect the true progress students.
Although their side effects, in the inspection and test show students' learning science and accurate.
There is a wide concern over the issue that which is crucial between Academic Performance and Communication Ability in the university .
A majority of people believe that Academic Performance is much more important than Communication Ability .
Whats more Academic Performance is also a key for graduates to go further studies.
In addition good Academic performance can also bring you a good job .
But on the other hand , other people hold the different idea that they think Communicatian Ability is significant to the former .
In the first place communication is a bridge connected to the different people .
As far as I am concerned , I think Academic Performance and Communication both are of great importance to us .
In short we should keep a balance between study and communication.
Capital is a very effective way to prevent these desperate and wild criminals from causing more disasters.
It robs them of their opportunity to live in the world.
It makes no preparation for them to create a bright future.
It is devoid of all possibilities for them to enjoy a wonderful life.
Not only does capital take no care of criminals' future, it also brings a large amount of sorrows and disasters .
It is universally acknowledged that everyone is born equal.
Therefore, we are supposed to treat everyone equally .
Capital is a kind of cruel, inhuman , ruthless punishment regardless of fraternity and philanthropy.
Besides, it also provokes a fit of sadness.
Last but not the least, it is lacking of kindness and forgiveness.
I'm Lucy, a girl from America, and now I live in New York.
Last week I went to Beijing for traveling with my parents.
We have been there four days.
The second day, we climbed the Great Wall, we were so tired.
And the third day, we went to the Forbidden City which is located on central axis of old Beijing.
The last day, we went to a Chinese restaurant to eat dumpings.
And then we went to Xidan to buy some gifts for my friends.
In the afternoon, we went back our home.
On the one hand, I recognized that almost everyone has this thought sometimes, because to some extents , each of us have more or less selfish , sometimes we only think ourselves, and do not think about others, some can produce this thought.
But on the other hand , I do not think people always like that.
As usual, people reach other because they have something want to know, so they want to reach others, and I am sure that all of us know it, so other people can answer their in no time unless there is some special situation.
People want to get along well wih other people, phone calls and text-messaging is a good way to reach other people.
As far as I am concerned, people do not always like think so.
because of the Internet.
Moreover, cultural encounters are the by-product of globalization.
In my opinion, cultural encounters cannot be avoided at present.
traditional culture.
by other cultures such as western culture, Japanese culture and so on.
Firstly, have a correct and fair attitude towards the problem.
is full vitality with thousands of years history.
In order to relieve employment situation, a suggestion is made that companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities for the new generation.
On the other hand, a considerable proportion of them are specialized personnel in certain fields.
Also note that Mr.
At the moment, we are all busy now.
My father is reading newspaper, my mother is writing letters to her friend .
watching TV.
Now let me introduce a series of activities that I've taken part in.
I took part in literature club three months ago.
So in free time, I hve a great chance to appreciate famous books which were written by excellent writers.
What's more, after plenty of study and practice, I've made progress in writing compositions.
In sport aspect, it's a desirable idea to learn ping-pang.
Having studied for a long time, playing it made me feel excited.
In addition, watching English films has become my main entertainment way.
I not only get realxed from it but also learn how to speak English better.
The activities which we enjoy can improve our abliity even helps us to lead a perfect future.
So we should choice healthy and fantastic activities.
If an activity is something you don't like, you can give up it though most of individuals are interested it.
I think something you really like, it's best to you.
Nowsdays, computers are very popular around us.
Many people like chat with people in the Internet.
This way have both advantages and disadvantages.
Beside, whenever you want chat , always have a person wait you.
But every coin has two sides.
To begin with , this way will make people have fewer opportunities to talk to each other face to face.
What is more, it may be let people perfer writing to speaking .
The last but not least, due to you and you Internet friends never see each other.
So, for society of managers, the government, it is necessary to make some regulation to regulate the behavior of the citizens.
The most valuable thing is that we know mistakes and put right.
Some classmates think going online is good for our study.
Because it can help us learn more information and broaden our minds.
We can only get a part of information and broaden our minds.
We can only get a part of information which we must know from books, and that's why we need to study online.
The second reason is we can communicate with each other and sharing things that made us happy with other people.
It will make us more happy to do that.
If we are tired of our homework , we can also play some games to relax.
But the other classmates think it is bad for our life .
They think most of students can't draw them up.
They will play games and communicate with other people all the time.
I think going online is good or bad depends on the person.
If he can draw him up well, it will help him a lot .
themselves lost contact with the outside world.
As the cartoon shows the Humble abode are locked themselves into a small place.
send.
they are indifferent to their relatives.
the Humble abode is a serious people for society.
and passion .
If asked whether we could still enjoy our comfortable, convenient and contented modern life without the new technological inventions, we would definitely answer no  .
Phones seem to be so dominant in daily life that they have become indispensable to our life.
There is indeed some truth in the worry.
People tend to spend too much time on technological inventions, which leads to the terrible result that people have no time interacting with others in real life.
If this continues, the gap between people will be wider and wider.
For another, people become too reliant on the new technological inventions to solve problems in life.
In view of all the above analysis, I suggest we make good use of inventions.
On the one hand, we should take full advantage of it to improve ourselves.
It is easily seen that many college students choose to take part-time jobs, such as family education, waiters and so on .
The Winter Holiday is coming.
So I feel extremely happy.
During the holiday we'll have the Spring Festival.
Every day in my Winter Holiday, I get up late.
First, I got up to meet friends.
After meeting my friends, my family including a trip.
Of course, study is essential, so I don't forget to read books.
Our country set anniversary for historical significant events.
If our country do not set such a anniversary for history, I believe that a part of Chinese people still do not know which year the Anti Japanese War explored, not to mention the specific date of the Anti Japanese War, I am very ashamed but have to recognize that I am the kind of person belong to that part of Chinese.
In July 7th,1937, Japan launched entire aggression war, it is called Anti Japanese War, this war is with the Second World War.
Confronted with cruel and heartless Japanese invaders, Chinese people do not fear, do not shrink back, take heart to meet this bloody battle.
The Anti Japanese War lasted 8 years, our country sacrificed more than 350 million people including brave soldiers and volunteered civilians.
After 8-year's battle, people, material resources and finance lost hugely.
In the end, China won the war and Japan surrendered without any condition.
Japan has offended China more than once.
Nanjing Massacre, we can realize the cruel means of Japan to China from relative film or themes.
However, we are living in the new and peaceful world, whatever identity we are regarded as except eyewitness, to watch the massacre, we will all grow a kind of anger that both man and God hate greatly.
In Nanjing, Japanese massacred 2 million even 3millions Chinese soldiers and civilians, set fire, robbed, raped violently and so on.
Japanese did not let women and children off, even old men.
All the crimes Japan has committed, regardless of the aggression of China or the damage to the world peace, all this can not be blotted out.
But Japan strongly denies his behavior to China, even has rewritten their textbook.
We memorize history, not for revenging one day, it is not an extension of sin, it is for remembering the dead who guard our country, bring peace to us.
In order to protect our home, to protect the future of us, they have sacrificed their life.
We only remember history, remember them, remember their sacrifice, and their sacrifice is in order to defend China.
Now, let us continue the protection.
China has gone through vicissitudes and improved more, we must not forget the effort of backside.
Whether the past China or present China, both of them are named China.
I AM VERY HAPPY TO RECIVE YOU LETTER.
AND HEAR FROM YOUR SCHOOL LIFE.
I ALWAYS GET UP AT 7 O'CLOCK.
I HAVE MY BREAKFAST AND THEN I GO TO SCHOOI BY SCHOOL BUS.
WHEN THE RING RINGS.
WE WILL HAVE MY FIRST CLASS.
MY BEST LESSON IS ENGLISH AND HISTORY.
BUT, I DON'T LIKE MATH AND CHEMISTRY.
I USUALLY HAVE CLUB ACTIVITIES AFTER SCHOOL.
I JOIN BASKETBALL AND THE SCHOOL CHOIR.
I will take his to the Taiji Cave.
I choose this place.
Because this place have lake and mountain.
Just arrive to this place.
You can go to play in the lake.
At the same time, you can see beautiful lotus.
Then, Though the woods.
You can play on the swing.
Last, you will really come to the Taiji Cave's door.
In the hole.
You can see many stalactites.
These are natural wonders.
These stalactites are colorful.
At last.
Many people propose the idea that education can be beneficial to the society.
To begin with, education can let our science and technology make great progress.
China, as a developing country, is determined to catch up with the developed countries.
The possible ways to do so is to give first priority to education.
This is crucial for China to catch up with the developed nations in today's surging waves of the technological revolution.
Next, a wide range of social issues can be effectively remedied by a high-quality education which imparts moral principles.
Suppose if education can be available to everyone, people will do with many things in a humorous and efficient way.
Besides, knowledge is power and education certainly can occupy the top place of any government's agenda.
Finally, a great amount of economic value can be generated if higher education is available to more people.
Diogenes Laertius once said  The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.
as we all know, love is around everyone.
There's lots of love around me as well .
She gets up early in order to make breakfast .
l think there are many people need love .
l'll help the old cross the road.
First, I want to claim my understanding of success.
Not teaching us how to find a job, how to continue to get a higher diploma after graduating from university.
Instead, unversity should lead us to recognize ourself, help us to watch this world using correct method, most important, it should help us find our dream.
