Recently we found some problem in education.
Some schools only teach students how to study, but ignore the ability training.
Some students become pedants.
They will only learn.
I think moral character is important.
Because I believe character can influence people's future.
A good character can give a person a good future.
Nowadays, more and more college students choose to work as village officials.
To this, diffident people hold diffident opinions.
I belief there are many benefits can be get to the studnts and villages from it.
For the students, the are able to improve their managent ability in this stage, and realize mang their own thoughts with are beneficial to the development of villages.
Above all, this experience will be the very important and memorable wealth in their life.
For the villages, the graduates provide the viiages with advanced knowledge support, and accelerate the econonomy developmnt.
In addition, the students promote the cultural progress.
Social networking websites can reveal your personal infoumation, and then use by others.
On the other hand, Social networking websites can close the distance between the friends and family members, provide a stage to show themselves to share information and discussion piatform.
My view on the social networking sites, as we all know, it gives us a chance to make friends, exchange ideas and so on.
we can share happiness and sorrows with others on line.
however, it has produced a host of negative impacts on us.
some sites are coupled with many unhealthy ads which may produce adverse effects on youngers.
A boy Ken, who is a student but he is very chicken.
He is so timid that he is horrible to go to school on his own.
For example, on the first day of school he didn't want to school by himself, so he hug the tree didn't want to put it.
Second, on the first day of college he not only hugged the tree but also hug the man.
Fristly a lot of information can be shown in one picture, and it may cost you more time to discribe it and you may not able to express yourself clearly and compeletly.
Secondly peaple can easily remember a picture but not the words.
Consequently, more and more people suffer from mental diseases.
First of all, taking exercises is not only a good way to keep physical health but also our mental health.
Last but not least, developing hobbies .
The world I live is full of love.
My parents give me anything I want.
My teachers talk to me when I am in trouble.
At that moment, I always feel happy and thankful.
I think they give me a lot and I should study better to give them the best return.
In order to show my love, I can do many things.
For example, give money to the poor, or help classmates with their studies.
If a great variety of waste can be sorted well, there will be a great convenience to the cleaners and protect our environment from pollution, and people will be healthy if there is no waste.
What I understand from the table is that knowledge being power and we must hard working to get more knowledge so that we can get more degrees.
Good life should be depended by more knowledge.
  If we only focus on the books of knowledge and not to think, everything is in vain: if we just don't think to learn the knowledge of books, all is in vain.
This sentence is very good reflect the relationship between reading and thinking.
Recently cellphones make an important role in our daily life, what amazes us most is the discuss of use phone in the classroom.
For one thing it is convient to contact with family members.
We can get some imformation fastly.
For another is it may influence the class while the phone ring in the class.
In conclusion we are not really need the phone in the school.
So try not take the phone to the school next time.
At the beginning of my college, my physical education teacher told us we needed to participate in two PE classes per week and extracurricular sports, because we had to attend 12 minutes to run in the first four semesters that other college didn't need to do .
I am no longer what I was who often got sick .
Another thing in the college also affected me very much.
We are glad to inform you that shipment of the goods under S/C No.
J-29 has been made on board S.
Compared with other teachers, he always focuses more on his teaching methods but not the comments, so he can figure out various ways to make his class active.
As a teacher, what he does a good job on is that he encouraged students to think about projects themselves, which enhanced students' abilities of self-teaching.
Now University Ranking is very popular in China.
Many people are high on it, especially senior students and their parents.
Some people are for it.
They think the ranking includes the imformation of an university in the most part.
And these imformation are quite helpful for the students who will take the university entrance exam to choose the right one.
However, there are some people against it.
They hold the view that all the universities are equall.
Every university may have its own advantages in different fields.
In my opinion, the University Ranking is full of importance.
We can use it for reference, but we should not only rely on it.
My school life is very coloful, I have many lovely classmates and teachers.
My friend is always study with me.
We study and play together.
We happy every day.
After class my classmates always ask questions each other.
And I want to ask question to my classmates and teachers, they are very helpful.
I most like my Chinese teacher, she is funny and kindful.
We have eight classes every day.
Form 7:30 to 17:20.
Each lesson is interesting.
In our school, there are many club in oue class.
Club is be build by ourself.
After class, I usually have pe Activity.
I like PE very much.
In P.
activity, we can play so balls together.
Hello everyone.
When our stay at home, we may feel we have plenty free time.
But we don't know how to deal with the free time.
Now let's burst into laugh.
Firstly, we should speak the English word as loudly as possiblely.
Then we can listen some English stories use us phone.
In a word, we may have lots of time to study English.
I hope I can follow this way.
In this long vacation, it's a good chance to improve my English.
My family has four people, my father, my mother, my brother and I.
My parent in order to bring up my brother and I, their pressure is heavy.
But they never told us about this.
They offer us with comfortable life.
Every time Iasked about them health, they will told me if study well, that is the best requite for us.
Recently, I foung they are growing old, so I will do my best in the future, return for what they has give me.
The sense of happiness is of great significance .
As a vital thing, it bring us power, gain our enthusiasm for our exciting life.
Some people think that the sense of happiness mainly is money, fame, reputation and so on.
Firstly, the happiness includes success in careers, friendship and love.
Hobbies and schoolwork are never easy to balance.
Sometimes, my hobbies get in the way of my schoolwork.
As an 8th grader, my attitude was that music must be played while I'm doing homework.
And I preferred to use the computer to play them.
Another hobby of mine was to read the latest news.
Afterwards, a battle was taken place and the latter won.
I had lost control over my behavior.
Time seems to go faster whenever you waste it.
Thirty minutes passed.
All my attention was still caught on the screen.
One hour later, a boy of repent left the computer quietly.
The news was exciting.
Nevertheless, as a result, my homework was unfinished.
In my eyes, the only way to balance those two forces are to be brave.
You must be strong enough to control your actions perfectly.
Only then, not only will we avoid wasting time, but also we can use our time better.
In our daily lives.
Many goods are on excessive packaging.
As we all know, Excessive packaging is not good for the environment and lives.
On excessive packaging, we should care about it.
Not only make the environment bad, but also make the business more complex.
And when people enjoy the advantages of countries growing.
Some advantages is exposed.
So much goods are on excessive packaging.
The promotion effects of excessive packaging have been greatly exaggerate affected by interest driven merchants.
As far as I am concerned, excessive packaging not only creates waste of resources, But also causes unnecessary environment.
We should also establish the atmosphere of simple packaging, advocate appropriate packaging and building a conservation mid society.
Some days ago, the tax threshold has changed through the new-published law of the personal tax.
Considering the income diversity, the government has published this new law of personal taxes and try to coordinate the income distribution as much as they can, and this is one of the many methods to make the disposable income be more.
Salary is becoming higher and higher, and the commodity price is rising, too.
Expanding domestic demand is good for the economic development and for the development of all the country.
Lawmakers have repeatedly called for that the threshold should be lifted.
The rise of the salary is one of the symbol of the lift of the level of the living standard of people.
Rising the Personal Tax Thresholds is a proof of the development of China.
But if it happens too often, there must be some problems.
In face of too many problems that developing country have, we should have our own views.
In a word, this is a phenomenon that developing country must be encountered.
As we all know, scientific discoveries bring us a lot of benefits such as the mobile phone, the computer, the Internet and so on.
For example, the mobile phone brings us conveniences as well as troubles.
It makes our life become more wonderful and convenient, wherever we can contact others.
However, we choose to communicate with friends with the phone instead of the face-to-face.
The feelings we keep with others change, and we never find the distinctive emotion.
So as other respects, when we actively develop something beneficial to mankind, we also undermines the integrity of nature at the same time.
So I can't understan this class mostly.
Suport3: When classroom task begain.
How time flies, I am a sophomore already.
The college life is not fresh for me like last year, but I still adjust it extremely careful and get ready for some new challenges.
First, as a freshman, you are supposed to get along well with everyone around you as soon as possible.
When you feel embarrassed at the first meeting, you can smile at them, because a smile is the key to make people become more familiar and close.
Second, you should be more outgoing, active and positive.
You have more freedom in college than in high school, so it means you get more power to arrange your own time.
You can choose some activities to join in, such as sports meeting, a dance party and so on.
Third, you may make a plan for yourself at the beginning of the semester.
If you can't adjust to college life at first, it is normal.
You may feel difficult and helpless sometimes, but it is no use feeling depressed, you must learn to look forward to when confronting with difficulties.
The college life is plentiful, how to adjust to college life as quickly as possible is on your own.
Comment: First, This article is well organized and it has fewer mistakes.
Second, The structure is easy for readers to understand.
Last, some advice is really useful to a freshman.
My name is X.
Sophie is my English name.
I am a fresher who is from Y, and now I major in Business English.
In my spare time, I like to listen to the light, music, see the comedy and go to the supermarket with my friends.
Sometimes, I go to KFC with my friends.
My friends are very outgoing but me, so I want to change myself during the period of university.
Joining in the society is my way to get my guts.
As far as I am concerned, Intake Expansion in Chinese Universities is unjustified.
On the one hand, we have no enough good teachers to teach such a big amount of students in the whole country, which means the teaching quality may go backward, on the other hand, to some degree, the great amount of the students studying in the university will weaken the quality of education, which means that more graduated stuents may be out of work when they leave school.
Last but not least, just like fast food, it is convenient but unhealthy, so is the Intake Expansion in Chinese University.
There are four persons on my dormitory.
We love each other.
But sometimes we are difficult with each other.
For instance when the time is 12: 00 o'clock midnight, I want to go to bed very much.
As far as l am concerned a harmonious dormitory life is important.
lf we have a harmonious dormitory life, we are all very happy every day.
It is difficult to have a harmonious dormitory life for us.
There are some suggestions about setting up a harmonious dormitory life.
First we should learn to understand each other.
Second we should help each other when someone in difficults.
Secondly, given that online selling saves costs for renting shopping areas, employing staff, administrating, etc.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
First of all, private cars save time and physical strength for people.
In addition, private cars give people private space in public places so that people can focus on work or study.
However, people getting much too comfortable cause unhealthy bodies and laziness.
As an old saying says, The early bird catches the worm  , which reminds us that if we are eager to be an outstanding and triumphant person, we must plan ahead of time and make our efforts to overcome all possible difficulties.
In today's study, diligence plays an essential role in obtaining success.
Thomas Edison had experienced countless difficulties before he invented the electric bulb finally.
It was his constant efforts that made him become a great man.
Einstein once said  Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent of perspiration  , which talked about the importance of the diligence.
Many athletes like Liu Xiang and Kobe Bryant have been the greatest sportsman all over the world.
Now I am in Senior Two.
I must experience university entrance examination in the near future.
the present situation becomes increasingly worse.
To have a brilliant tomorrow, I should spare no effort to study hard.
I am surprised that it was recently reported in a newspaper that six students who shared a dorm at a local university hired a cleaner to do laundry and cleaning once a week and each of them paid her 60 yuan a month.college students should be independent.
I am ashamed about that, as college students, we must know how to take care of ourselves.
  We all over 18 years old.
We can't be lazy and we should be independent.
Individual independence is important for us.
As soon as we can take care of ourselves, we will grow up quickly.
As students in college, individual independence is necessary.
Charles Dickens was born at Portsea.
His family was confined for debt when he was eleven.
It is hard to imagine the life that he lived in those day.
When he was fifteen, he began work in a lawyer's office in London.
After he became a freelance reporter, at the same time, his first publication began to appear in magazines.
Over 1836 and 1837, his novels published all were enormous successes.
In addition to writing novels he continued to be active in journalism.
In 1836, he became the father of ten children from his marriage to Catherine Hogarth.
In 1870, he suffered a stroke and died.
Violence exists as aspects of life.
Wherever there is urban life, there will be violence.
There are several suggestions to solve the problem of violence.
The appearance of communes is an attempt to create circumstances where people feel more in control of their destines, but they have had no effect on the violence in cities so far.
Besides, all that can be done by the government is to nudge people gently in the right direction by taking every opportunity to foster a sense of community.
It is worth commenting that a community problem is something that has to be solved by a government, rather than by the community themselves.
HeIlO everyone my name iS J.
I from in X.
I am fourteen cIass a student.
The hobbies are much more.
I have written a good character.
From the first grade, I has been being uarious branches group Ieader.
The author Nicholas Sparks was born on December 13,1965 in Nebraska.
He is good at writing novels, like Message in a Bottle and A Walk to Remember, etc.
Maybe you are more familiar with another writer J.
Rowling, who writes Harry Potter.
They were contemporary celebrities.
Everyone may have thought about this, but there is no exact answer.
John grew up in a single parent family.
When he was a student, he dropped out of school and joined the army, not knowing what else to do with his life until accidentally becoming acquainted with the pure, pleasant Savannah.
Their mutual attraction quickly grew into the kind of love that left Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty, and John wanting to settle down with the girl who captured his heart.
John was about to retire on.
When 9.11 Incident broke out, John felt it was his duty to stay in the military.
And sadly, the long separation found Savannah physically and mentally exhausted because the cancer of her husband, John donated most his money and left there silently with his true love for her.
The kind of love called great love of selfless love.
Love is hard to get into, but harder to get out of.
Dear John not only brings us to a world filled with romantic, but leads us to think over our understanding of love.
After reading the novel, I figured it out, love between lovers is fragile, you should cherish it; Love is as pure as water, you should not make it dirty.
Hello , my name is S.
I am 16 years old.
With the passage of time, I have already been a member of the Yizhong.
The environment of the High School is very nice.
There were many trees and grass.
Activities in my new school were various.
I chose the computer graphic design, because I liked zhe computer very much and I played it before.
The computer graphic design had a lots of fun.
I was impressed with my English teacher among all of my teachers.
His pronunciation of spoken-English was nearly perfect.
And his method of teaching was nothing like that of at my Junior High school.
I also knew many new classmates.
Wu Haotian was one of my best friend.
I sat behind him.
It is firmly believed that online shopping provides us with a lot of convenience.
For example, you can buy whatever things from the internet without going to some shopping malls, which means that you can save your time and money, you can use your online bank to pay your bills, and online shopping will also make it easier to deliver whatever you have bought online to your home in time.
Although the advantages of online shopping can be easily known by many consumers, it also has many problems.
For example, when you opened the box to see your T-shirt that bought online, you found it was totally different from what you had seen from the pictures online in that you just looked pictures in the online store instead of touching it in a real store.
The consumers can't see the goods or try them on personally.
Thus, shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages.
Secondly, you should know more details about what you want to buy.
But before you bought it, you should think twice about their products.
It is widely believed that animals are our friends.
Being close as a family member, the pets will not need to struggle for food or suffer for the illness with no care.
Last but not least, The pet's owner will be beneficial to this relationship.
Nowadays we can see that more and more people treat pets as family members.
There was a father figure, and a son.
The son said to the dad that he has a bit worried about of disposing nuclear waste.
His dad said to him If he can empty the dustbin here, he can do anything.
I suppose the dad intend to tell his son He didn't have enough basic knowledge about nuclear weapons.
From the conversation, we should also realize that basic skills is very crucial.
Have the basic skills and ideas, then when embarking on your idea will get twice the result with half the effort.
Have learning skills is discontinue crucial nowadays.
Before learning English at HUST, I felt a little nervous about the whole-day class, doubting that whether I can adjust to it .
But after joining the class, I find it more fancy as I had thought.
First and foremost , different kinds of teaching method are used in classes, such as watching movies, listening to music and BBC News and so on, which not only raise my interest in English, but also broaden my horizon.
second, I am deeply attracted by teachers' personal charisma.
As we all know, a interesting class need a vivid description besides useful knowledge.
As is known to us all, the social networks are very popular recently, in some ways, we cannot live without them.
However, people begin to pay attention to their shortcomings.
Through the social networks, it's become easy to find your old friends who have been lost in touch with you for a long time.
In another side, The social networks are disturbing us all the time.
Some of us are addicted to them, they cannot manage to get out of them.
And it's a waste of time to spend most of your time in them.
The networks also keep us away  , i.
As we all know, helping others is a virtue which is inherited by Chinese people.
But in today's society, some people confronted with problems after they helped strangers.
So heated discussions have been aroused about whether we should help strangers.
In the first place, helping strangers is conducive to build harmonious society where people should be very friendly and help each other.
In reality, people often hear negative news, so they are afraid of helping strangers, even they are very indifferent.
But I think that negative things are rare, and there many kind-hearted people who are anonymous.
If all of us are courageous to help strangers, we can make our society harmonious.
And if negative things occur, we should carry out logical ways to protect ourselves.
In the second place, as we all know, there is a saying ''the rose in her hand, the flavor in mine''.
Helping others is a happy and holy thing.
In sum, helping others is aiways a virtue.
When I came in the classroom, everyone said hello to me.
And then they introduced themselves.
Our teacher is very beautiful.
And she is nice and friendly too.
I am not nervous anymore.
I will not worry about my new life in school.
As is known to us all, nature provides us with whatever we need.
In order to develop the economy, we deforest a lot, making creatures lose their homes.
Though environmental protectors call on us to lay emphasis on the balance of nature, we still ignore them by simply thinking that it is impossible to upset the ecosystem.
But the fact is that we get our Mother to lose her temper by destroying her so badly.
Unforturnately, terrible things happen: Now, we are living in a world full of polluted air and water, thus attacking our immune system.
Deforestation causes water lose and soil erosion.
It is our action can't catch up with the step of words that results in this.
We are aware of the significance of protecting the environment but don't do anything to improve the present situation.
Benjamin Franklin is America's greatest scientist, inventor, famous politician, diplomats, philosopher, writers and navigator and the American war of independence of the great leader in the eighteenth century.
As the saying goes: If you wish to be the best man, you must suffer the bitterest of the bitter.
He is hard-working, studious, innovation, persistant, never give up, these excellent quality and virtue make the great man.
Talent is an inexhaustible source of national forward continuously.
In my opinion, culture teaching is very important in english classes.
Because there is a closed relationship between culture and language.
Like english, to a larege extent, it reflects how the british people live and think.
Therefore, to learn a second language is to understand a second culture.
When it comes to the skills of learing english, many people will recall the traning of listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Unlikely, somebody always feels it difficult to master the four parts of english learning.
And they will lost interest in english soon.
That's all because that they don't know anything about the culture.
They don't understand the lifestyle or the unique way of speaking.
With time goes by, the summer vacation has gone, but I still addicted to the summer vacation.
During the summer vacation, I got a part-time job as a salesclerk to sale mobile phones.
It's pretty a big shop in the downtown.
And I started working at 9:00am every morning and working until 6:00pm every afternoon.
Of course, there was a break of 45 minutes for us to eat lunch.
When we were working, we need to queue up to receive the customers.
But it was usual that the customers didn't buy my cellphones after my long-time and brief introduction.
Not only did I get some money from the job, but also learned a lot of things.
First of all, for a salesclerk, it's necessary for me to learn a lot of things about the mobile phones such as the model, the configuration and so on.
Then I knew some new friends from the job, and the time with them really made me feel fantastic.
Last but not the least, making money is not as easy as we think.
One mor, I forget my book and he lent me.
Last weekend, I take part in a travel activity on the Golden Beach in QingDao.
I'd like to introduce you to this activity.
On Saturday morning, me and my parents take the bus at seven o'clock.
We have take part in all kinds of activities.
It's a brilliantly sunny morning, so we swam in the sea.
Besides, we eat seafood on the beach.
By five o'clock in the afternoon we were all burned out from working.
The setting sun is very beautiful, so we are immersed in the beautiful scenery.
And then, we took a lot of pictures and bought souvenirs.
Although we are very tired, but we are so happy.
It's worthing going to the Golden Beach, because the beach is wonderful.
Welcome you to come here to feel the wonderful scenery.
For example, The Great Wall.
The second I want to introduce China's art which has Beijing opera music of China.
I would like to take him to visit The Great Wall.
The college is the place where the wonderful life begin, where student's dreams will be established.
There is no doubt that they will meet many difficulties and challenges might as well.
To begin with, the freshmen should know the differences between college and high school life.
Firstly, the change of learning method.
In the college, students have more time to spent, it requires students to have the independency and exploratory of learning.
Secondly, the change of living environment.
After entering colleges, many students leave far away from their parents.
They need to learn the basic necessities of life on their own.
And set a goal which you should work hard for during the college life.
What need to remember is that any abilities are improved by practising, don't be afraid of failures, insecurity and mistakes are normal for a new college students.
In conclusion, knowing the changes and keep a usual mind about it.
Learning to be independent and self-control, thus, you will adopt the college life as soon as possible.
Now, more and more person don't like to go out, because the internet can do lots of things in place of us, such as online shopping.
Nowadays, online shopping has become a fashionable way to buy something.
One the hand, person think they can shop at home and the order is not affected by time, place restrictions.
Hello everyone, my name is X and I graduated from Y Z Senior School.
My hometown is B C Province.
Firstly, I'm the only son of my parents and they love me extremely.
I have a big family, I live with my grandparents, so that my family get together in a tiny house to enjoy atmosphere of happiness.
I'm an introverted boy, so I have few friends that I'm always lonely.
As the saying goes: Nor are introverts necessarily shy.
And then, I like singing English songs, I love Taylor Swift, WestLife and so on.
I like listening to music and my favourite singer is Hatsune Miku, Who from the music group, VOCAIOLD.
Of course, like quite a few boys, I like playing computer games.
Finally.
I hope I can be an author, I like reading stories and talking stories as well as discussing histories.
Nowadays, Blog has been being a kind of popular communication tool.
It is becoming an important section in the daily life.
Blogger can express their ideas about world news and the political event even a meal you cooking everyday by blog.
Blog is a perfect combination of communication and discussion.
It's content can be used to convey information and provide others with great information.
What's more, the whole Internet can be included in the Blog.
Therefore, Blog own share spirit and value rather than the email or mobile.
Last but not least, being so easy and simple, full use of Blog is being made in many fields.
Every coin has two sides.
The disadvantage of Blog can't be ignored.
It is very feasible that Blogger does some illegal action by this way.
At the same time, someone may make personal remarks to offend others or get other's personal details.
As the saying goes, Better safe than sorry  .
Summer is coming means the arrival of the summer vacation.
This summer vacation is a significant time.
The reason why l think so is that l will to be a student of 12th grade.
To start with, l believe that l should have a particular plan about my vacation.
At the first month l am dying to finish my homework.
Don't only by end of the summer vacation do you realize that you have no time to finish your homework.
As we all know, if you always study at home, it is not good for you.
Although you are a student of 12th grade, you also need enough relaxation.
The second month, l plan to travel some places with my parents.
Don't forget spent some time with your parents forever.
In conclusion, mental and physical health is important for person, especially for us.
SO we should take true action to combine exertion and rest.
They can call them at any time they want.
In general, students like useing phones to do what they like.
But they don't like other people reaching them just because it may disturb them.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Sweden.
Sweden located in the middle of the Europe covers an area of 4.1 square kilometres and has a population of 7.5 million.
Berne is the capital of Sweden.
Sweden's neighboring counties includes Austia, France, Italy and Germany.
In a word, Sweden is a magic country which always gives us surprise.
There is a problem here, that is how we learn.
Some people say that through reading, some people say that through practice.
Reading is everyone doing things, many people love the book such as treasure, Shoubushijuan, because a good book can affect a person's life.
Virtual life has many advantages.
However, virtual life also has many disadvantages.
In my opinion, we can avoid sides effect.
Virtual life has more advantages than disadvantages, so we should arrange our time and make good use of it.
National day is one of the most significant day in our country.
In addition.
the great mass of people should go home .
and a number of peopie choose travei at home and abroad .
At all events.
It; s an important day that meaks begining of PRC on the day .
In her mother's embrace of the motherland, happiness to grow and wish the motherland mother always beautiful, always prosperous and wish the motherland has become more prosperous and developed.
I think school playground is very nice for us.
And I like playing football and with my friends because doing sports helps me forget all my troubles.
Just as the saying goes, by reading we enrich the mind.
There are a diversity of books for us to choose from, like history, science and literature.
From those about history, we can learn about history from the past and permit not to make the same mistakes nowadays.
We can also learn various cuultures from reading books about different coutries' literature.
I love the books about literature most.
Reading those books can broaden my knowledge and also teaches me some useful skills as it contains such a lot of information.
If we don't read, our mind will become dull.
Although we can take part in some activities, we still cannot receive such useful information.
It is said that low-carbon lifestyle has been a popular trend around the world in these days.
As we all know, the earth is becoming warmer and warmer due to the global climate change.
Low-carbon lifestyle refers to reducing our daily carbon emissions by doing some meaningful things.
In my opinion, low-carbon lifestyle stands for a kind of attitude, which means paying more attention to saving resources and protecting environment.
As a college student, I think we shoulder a heavy burden in low-carbon lifestyle.
Firstly, we should study harder and obtain more knowledge in science and technology.
Then we can make full use of these and contribute more to the process of low-carbon lifestyle.
Secondly, we have to put feet on the ground and live a low-carbon lifestyle in person.
When we need to contact someone, it's better to send an E-mail than use paper to write letters.
Use the public transport or ride your bicycle instead of driving private cars when we travel somewhere.
Thirdly, wo should use our practical behaviours to influence more people.
When we are taking about the hometown, I affirm that everyone has a beautify hometown and has strong felling to our hometown.
Of course, I also have a little beautiful hometown.
However when other people ask me where is my hometown, I can pride to say I come from H in P.
  But I am sorry I haven't been to Mount Huangshan.
Although the Qinmen is not famous of Huangshan, we have black tea of Qimen is also famous all over the world.
So I help mom to chop tea when I was young.
I hated to pick tea at the time, to be honest, because it very tired and exceedingly boring.
But there is some remarking interesting thing in the picking tea process.
For instance, I can not only find fruit that I don't know them name to eat on mountain, but also can play with my countryman in the mountain.
Perhap most interesting, however, was the sing folk songs.
We stand at the mountainside and other people stand at the hillside opposite.
This is a wonderful and sweat voice in my mind.
When I leave my hometown to reading, I have not a long time to pick tea.
So at the time I miss my hometown, my tea, my mom and my old friend.
First of alll , i will be a Eenglish teacher who is patient and hard-working , especially i will help students improve thier spoken English .
Second, i will make a lot of money, so i can go to some beautiful situations, such as beijin , shanghai, nanjing, so on .
According to the picture, we can see a woman and a boy, which is her son.
In my opinion, first of all, reading literature can improve our cultivation, because we can see many human  s good qualities from the literature.
He said that when his first day of the elementary school is coming, he felt very scared, he didn't want to go to school, but his mom threatened him and take him to school.
Ten years ago, Little Tom became a teenager that just going to the university, he had to leave his home and lived outside alone.
This time, he didn't afraid, but his mom did.
According to the diagram, we can easily see parents' influence on child's character in different countries.
Comparing father's influence , mother always plays an important role in the growth child.
In my opinion, father's effect is as important as a mother to the devlopment of a child.
They can teach the child's all-round abilities to help their child to adapt to the challenging world and the competitive society.
Mother tells us how to communiate with others and has an essential impact on EQ like our emotional expression.
At the same time, we will be more serious in accomplishing our task on the mother's influence.
Our father contributes to our enthusiasim and our achievement in pusuing our dreams.
Types and number of donated books very much, hope you can grasp the situation this morning, after discussion, we decided to donate 50 the four great classics, 50 copies of Chinese history, a total of 60 novels and prose poems, there are some comic books, story books, etc.
secondly, we should give a deep thoughts about what kinds of students we want to raise, if you want more talented students, you should concentrate on upgrading the university's hardware and reduce the population in your school slightly, if you just want to raise the so-called college graduate, you may not concern about the population.
Hello, everybody.
I need a classmates as English editor in school now.
There are two parts of this job.
Two is to choose to editor students of the contributians.
What's more.
If you get the job, you should be willing to offer some of you spare time to serve the students.
And, you are good at English and art.
In addition, you can use the computer mainly.
At night, we watched TV until the big clock koncked.
Therefore, it is easy to speak but difficiluty.
They makes a living by themselves.
So I want to be a flight attendant.
People always found that someone can success easily.
We usually soothe ourselves that they just born with great talents.
There's a girl around me, it's common practise that she win the first in every examination.
Contray to me, i never tried to change my habits.
I believed that eventually i would win with my talent.
After a long period.
i was really behind of her steps.
I wondered what the differences between she and i.
Through my observation.
i noticed she was tiredless in the courses.
She might not have the qualification of smart, but she was aware of that, she made efforts in advance.
As the saying goes: The early bird catches the worm.
I have understood the deep meaning of this saying.
In this holiday , I did a strange thing that I invited one girl to go with me.
wow , only she and me.
hower i don not like her.
because shi was so short short andshort.
i went to nanluoguxiang with her.
when i meet her , i am so wonder that she was grow tall not yet.
she was so angry with me.
so i felt afraid of her.
After a period of time.
she began to speak with me.
In the way, I bought a tiger toy for her, and invited her to dinner.
we were talked to each other to happy.
There is no doubt that everyone have read or known something about classic.
First, classics have been selected by people from different area and different time.
This is meant, they have been accepted.
Second, classics are the precious treasure for us.
They stand for the wisdom and culture of the old days.
If we can read they carefully, we will learn a lot from they, what's more, we are able to have a deeper understanding about our life.
So as far as I concerned, classics are the wealth possessed by all of us.
They can become our friends and teachers, if we need, we can see they whenever.
In E.
There were cottages sprinkled around the shores, and it was in farming although the shores of the lake were quite heavily wooded.
He gives us a very beautiful picture of the lake, which makes the readers want to go there.
  Arriving was less exciting nowadays, when you sneaked up in your car and parked it under a tree near the camp and took out the bags and in five minutes it was all over, no fuss, no loud wonderful fuss about trunks.
The lake symbolizes E.
Although I'm not an Apple fan, I still admire Steve Jobs.
His stories excite me for a long time.
I can't image if I was him what would I do.
Today Apple products become the most popular things in our life.
It's another reason why I so admire Steve.
Now he left us forever but his products, ideas and his spirit will be engraved on our mind.
I hope Apple company will heir Steve Jobs's attitude try their best to offer us more and more creative products in the future.
Finally, I'm sorry to Steve Jobs's die.
I want to say You're a great man in the world.
Thanks for your efforts.
So many students have the question that which is more essential.
From my point of view, academic performance is as important as communication ability .
On the one hand, we should not give up studying, on the other hand, we should make acquaintance of more people who have a common goal.
I think myself will be very different in ten years ago, and my life will be better in ten years.
I will be twenty-eight years old by then.
I will do a good job in whatever I do and I will enjoy my work .
I will have many hobbies , such as swimming, running, and basketball games.
Good morning, everyone.
With a resource of over 3200000 books as well as about 60000 DVDs and CDs, Tianjin Library is one of the biggest libraries in China.
But in the library collect not only books, but also a large quantity of magazines and newspapers, which are renewed frequently, and the Internet is also offered to people learning in the library.
Except for the mornings on Monday and Friday, he library is opened at 8:30am and closed at 7:00pm everyday.
That's all.
  I have a dream.
  This is Martin Luther king speech.
I have a dream to.
My dream is China becoming more powerful.
Now, China is a developing country.
countries.
I want to be a financier.
Because if you don't rich countries, people are not strong, China is not strong.
As known to us all, Spring Festival plays the most important part in Chinese festival culture.
As a traditional Chinese festival, Spring Festival stands for the long history of our culture, which our Chinese are always proud of.
In order to make the last day of this year perfect, the CCTV perform a celebration for the Chinese people all around the world.
As for me, it's the best time of a year during the performances, because the TV can not only make us laugh, but also give a chance for everybody to take their mind off their problems that have troubled them a lot in the past year.
Shooting off fireworks is such a beautiful activity that everybody is want to set off one with his own hands.
As the beginning of the completely new year, Lunar New Year's Day is the the most appropriate time for the relatives who have been long time no see to call on each other.
Nowadays many college students like to pursue famous brands.
What ever the clothes or mobile phones, they always like famous brands.
It is common to hear the college students talk about famous brands.
Even if some families are not very rich, but families of children prefer decorated with famous brands.
I think that college students love to decorate their designer wanted in appearance.
Sometimes with famous brands and even some college student iust want to show off.
As we all know, the pollution by cars is from bad to worse in recent years.
In order to control the situation, someone think we should be drive cars less.
They think it can stop the pollution increasing.
Someone suggest we can limit the personal transportation and develop the public transportation at the same time.
But I think, these suggestions are all useful in a short time.
If we can solve the serious problem, we should do something more besides those.
For instance, car factories can invent small displacement automobile to make the car discharge less pollutional gas.
  What is the best way to learn has aroused more and more attention and discussion from people.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
However, others think people can obtain more knowledge through practice.
  Reading can let us acquire more knowledge, master important skills and grip much initiative and creativity to make our dream come true.
Secondly, finding the right book at the right time can ignite the spark of thought within us that motivates us to read more, understand more and read joyfully.
All in all, reading is significant in our lives and we can find a great many of benefits through reading.
As we all know, parents play a vital role in our development.
For example, Russel Baker who is a noted columnist was asked to work hard and steering toward literature early in life by his mother, finally, he made something of himself and got success.
As a man called Abraham Lincoln said:  All I am, or can be, I owe to my angel mother.
First of all should do is that parents make good friends with their children and enough to know them.
Nowadays, the society becomes more and more modern.
There are many ways which can help us to get important information, such as surf the internet, watch Tv, use mobile phone and so on.
Before we use internet to get information, we really look though the information by using a dictionary.
Dictionary may be a little old fashion, but it is more helpful.
We learn something which we don't get it before by ourselves, and in this way we can learn the detail , not the single result.
We can look at the picture, the boy is holding a mobile telephone, and surf the Google to get someting which the teacher asked .
Education doesn't mean learing to obtain information.
Different people have different understandings of life.
Some think that money is the life of all.
Others prefer the power to bring the honor.
They are afraid of poverty and losing what they cherish.
Diogenes, a man living in the world , shoeless, beared and half-naked didn't have work to do and no family to prvide for, but he felt very full and happy.
What's more, he thought that the life must be simple and natural.
Personally, I am not quite agree with him.
According to what he said, we simply return to the primitive sociaty, living in the cave.
However, the sociaty need make progress, we should pursue a better live and try to impove our living condition.
First shopping on the net can give customer provide with a wide rang of choices.
Beside it's very convenient and time-saving.
First, they think that customer doubt its quality and price unless they see it by themselves eye.
Finally they will worry about pay for money on the net.
Computer into the classroom are becoming more and more popular among schools nowadays.
Some people believed that with the improvement of information and computer technologies, computers will result in teachers' unemployment.
Perhaps the most boundedness of computer learning is that it just allows the students to acquire information one-sided.
There is no doubt that computers can assess students' ability to learn and formulate individual plan to every student, but they are unable to give consideration to students' emotion.
There is no method for computers to give praise and award to students when they do a good job.
This is a tremendous disadvantage of computers because concern really dose matter.
Furthermore, the chance of students' group discussion will disappear eventually in that they just communicate with computers rather than others.
The longer time spend in computer, the more stress they will feel.
As we all know, people are social animals.
They shouldn't be holding in front of the computers.
There is a fashion that more and more people publish blog on the internet.
There are various ideas.
First of all, I think the development of the Internet computer science and technology contribute to the widely usage of blog directly.
With the economy and society developing, the computer has been a necessary appliance in daily life and the network is gradually consummate.
Consequently, people can use blog whenever and wherever.
Besides, the blog is an open arena where everyone can say whatever he want to say and where people can communicate cheerfully without time or place limitation.
Finally, now, it is a fiercely competitive society and most people live in tension and depressive.
Of course, there is not only advantages of blog, but some negative influences exists.
With information delivering, some negative effects is also spreading.
In short, blog is a double-edged sword.
The thing becoming the point that many people trying to find why that thing often happen.
ability of student.
This behavior leads to the lack of school students.
for our college student.
In addition, we all know that the importance of moral cultivation.
us to develop more better.
besides, good character could make people respected.
only by the supervision of the school, we must also to shool ourselves behaviour.
there are many beautiful sea and big beach.
i go to the beach with my pet dog and we all have agood time wesaw a lot of things when i walked ang the sea.
i sw the blue sky and blue sea.
the weather was very sunny.
i feel nice and evryone at there were very happy.
we also ate a lot of delicious food in the evening.
Nowadays, we can take in a lot at the school.
And our ability is getting more and more high, especially our ability to learn.
School education is paying more attention to enhancing our study ability owing to expecting us to get a good score in the test.
However, we have ignored some essential things, which are also crucial for our growing up, being called moral character.
Getting into the habit of honesty is all of us have to do as well.
In a world, not only is the school education supposed to advance our study ability, but also pay attention to our moral character cultivation.
I am from Chinese family.
My family is very friendly.
In holiday we go to visit our relatives.
We made dumplings on New Year's Eve.
we go to the take part in the winter camp.
I know a little frends.
We treasure our friendship.
I learned a lot in this winter holiday.
What touches me most, however, is sort of among animals in the fantasy world in Charlotte's web by E.
Heathcilff was adopted by Mr Earnshaw on the Livepool Street .
He live with Mr Earnshaw 's son Hindly and his daughter Cathy.
Hindley hated Heathcilff but his sister like Heathcilff.
After Earnshaw died , Hindley become the host of the family , he treated Heathcliff as a farmer and insult him .
At the same time , Cathy and Heathcliff love each other.
Linton , the son of Thrushcross Grange, pay court to Cathy , and visit her very often .
Cathy made up her mind to get married with him, Heathcliff was very angry and went out.
He cheated Hindley's belongings by gambling.
He did the things all for revenge.
He married Linton's sister Isabella .
Cathy died after she gave a birth to little Catherine.
Isabella discerned Heathcliff and left him .
She procreated little Linton and died .
Heathcliff spoliated little Linton and badgered him to love little Catherine.
Heathcliff hijacked little Catherine and forced her to be married with his son .
At the same time , Heathcliff was importuned by Cathy .
He stayed at his own room all day and didn't have meal or sleep.
Wuthering Heights is also a story of Heathcliff.
But he becomes a villain when he acquires power and returns to Wuthering Heights with money.
Nowadays, most of students attention less immportance to spelling of word in the procsss of English study.
As we know, spelling is important to study English.
So, there are three reasons for this phenomnon.
Firstly, exam-oviented education makes the students pay less time to spelling.
Secondly, English eachers should also be resonsible for it , because most students not realize the importance of spelling.
As for me , one the hand , exams should be change , and add to some factors into it.
Which would help student pay more attention to spelling.
One the other hand, for students, they can through other ways make them be interested in word spelling.
As you have known, college's life is varied.
However, there are also some things that we must pay attention to.
First of all, we must learn to handle the finance.
Because most of us don't realise that our parents are paying their life for us.
They work hard just for us whom can study easily.
Second, you must care of yourself, because it is possible for most of you to leave your hometown for the first time.
Without parent's around, you also need to live well.
The third, this is also the most important things you must to learn.
For you are the adult, no longer the baby.
Every people has diffenert views on the  No Cars Day  .
Some people think it is worthy, but the other people don't think so.
The former think it can help to improve the eniorment, because it can improve the people's views about the eniorment.
In the same time some people don't think it is worthy.
I will never forget my first trip.
When I was little, my father took me to a seaside in my hometown ZheJiang.
There were many fishing boats and boxes about fish.
And then we took the fishing boat to a small island.
We cook the fish and seafood by ourselves beacause there wasn't many people and restaurants.
the real father.
son.
on it.
From a purely economic standpoint, people can get personal enrichment with their specialty knowledge .
Because they have better ability and comprehension which make them easily being acknowledged .
Third, people can contribute to society with their knowledge .
The development of society need all kinds of people who are good educated.
Nowadays, more and more students look forward to having a university life.
But, the college students will face with the serious problem of employment in future.
Therefore, the teacher asks me to take part in social practice.
It is that we will have a social practise ability.
It is able to let me have more knowledge after graduate from the university.
However, some students think that they don't need to have social practice.
On the contrary, they can lack a lot of social knowledge.
While some students think that we can hope to take part in much social practice, because we gain much knowledge of social practice.
And the good quality could help us to be a kind human such brave.
justice.
friendly.
As the cpital of France , Paris is a modern city with a long and rich history.
there are many famous buildings there such as the Eiffel Tower, cathedral and so on.
So many events took plance there and there are so many places for visitors to have a trip.
Pairs France is warm ni Summer.
I'd like to wear light but modest clothing for Paris trip.
I will bring T-shirt and shorts.
I would bring big and dark coat, then I have a cap on my head.
It likes Chirstmas Day in England which is the most improtant.
When the Spring Festival comes, a lot of people away from their hometown usually come back and spend it with their family.
They will have a good meal together, it's called Family reunion dinner.
At night , we will play with the fireworks, it's really cool.
The night sky will be very beautiful.
I was very excited and happy.
In fact, no matter whether you are rich or not.
There is an old saying that Interest is the best teacher.
The Dragon Boat Festival is one of the important national festivals in China.
It is on the 5th day of the 5th month of the lunar year and we Chinese will commemorate Quyuan that day.
Usually, Chinese people will observe The Dragon Boat Festival by dragon-boat racing, everywhere will hold the boating games every year, more and more people love it , interesting and exciting.
On The Dragon Boat Festival, eating zongzi is a traditional custom.
That is all.
In my point of view, there are two reasons.
Secondly, spelling is a hard work and in each text we all have many new words, and we students do not have enough time and patient to remember them.
In my opinion, though spelling is a hard work, it is very important in English learning, so we should pay more attention to it.
In class teachers ought to take a few minutes to have a dictation.
Our students can form a study group and do some things about spelling together.
As a college student, you need to master a variety of skills.
First of all, you should be good at arranging your time.
Since during your college life, you'll have a lot of free time, and you must learn how to make good use of it.
Besides, you have to expose yourself to the ways to assemble and process new information rather than only receive what teachers tell you.
That is, you should get rid of the passive habit of study and develop a new self-study-habit.
In addition, you ought to gain the communication ability.
What an efficient way is to take part in some social practices, in which you can meet all sorts of people.
And then you'll learn how to handle it.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
The developed country, Switzerland is located in the middle of the Europea which is close to Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
It covers an area of 4.1 square kilometres with a lot of famous cities there, such as Geneva.
As the capital of the country, Berne isthe centre of economy of Switzerland and the whole world.
What is more, the scenery of Switzerland is very beautiful so we call it the garden of the world.
all know, the snowy mountain--Alps.
industries like watches, chemistry and food.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
Time will go by, and all of us will grow up.
First of all, I may have a lovely family of my own, which will have one or two cute kids.
We will live in a big house with my parents.
Besides, I am going to have a pleasant job, which is not busy but enjoying.
During working, I will try my best to solve the problems that we are tried for.
What is more, after work, I can take a walk with my parents or fly the skite with my children.
Nowadays, self-confidence plays a major role in person's character and also is the cornerstone of success.
If you have no confidence, you do not know how to express your views, or solve the difficulties.
Each of us has our own unique point of view.
First of all, focus on your own merit and achievement regularly.
For instance, Pay more attention to demerit and lost, of course, more upset and inferior feeling.
Thus, You should fortify the high resolve.
For instance, write down five points of your advantages at least, and when you take part in kinds of activities, think of it and tell yourself how excellent you are.
Afterwards, as the saying goes, the one takes the colour of one's company.
If you always stay with crapehanger, you will be flagging.
Pessimism is a contagious disease.
In opposite, if you contact with confident people who have largeness of mind, you can become the same in the future.
The third, set appropriate ambition.
If the target is low, it is useless, but also the goal can not be too high, aim which is hard to finish will hurts your confidence.
After all, confidence is an optimistic and wealthy measurement of an ambition you can get, it can worth saying that confidence means half of success.
Employment issue is one of the biggest concerns of our country.
As a survey suggested, almost 80% of college graduates found their jobs.
But more than 70% of them expected too much to their first jobs, they wanted to find a high paid job or a comfortable and easy job or hoped that their first jobs are of their majors, and there were many other expectations.
But the choices and requests of jobs were also different from female to male graduates.
Most female graduates preferred jobs that are comfortable and easy, of course, it may as well with a good salary.
To find a good job is not an easy thing.
But if we work hard and lower our expectations, to find a job is not a very difficult thing .
Such as my mother, she dislikes cats and dogs and some other pets.
My mother thinks the pets would put the living room so dirty.
And she goes out to work everyday.
So she does not have enough time to take care the animals.
Around me some neighbours have pets at home.
They say that pets are very cute , and the pets are the best friends of human beings.
I like dogs, although I was bitten by a dog three times , but I still love them.
Such as the golden retriever.
This kind of dogs are very beautiful and gentle.
I think dogs are our best friends forever.
The whole's work depends on a good start in spring.
And as the start of a new year, the Spring Festival is so grand that all the Chinese celebrate it, ont only in China, but in other countries.
When there are about ten days before the festival, people began to prepare for it.
We cook La Ba Zhou and La Ba Cu, we make some paper-cuts and couplets and glue it on windows and doors.
When the festival comes we have a big dinner with families and we eat jiaozi, which is my favourite food.
We watch a big party on TV in the evening, and there are also many activities at the same time such as playing cards and send good wishes to our friends.
During the next days, we go to visit our relatives.
In short, the Spring Festival is the most importang festival in China.
In a game, the little boy and another boy crashed together, his leg injured seriously.
His father can't accept this fact, so after the little boy recovered and asked him to continue training.
None of us not respect those people who are successfully in various areas.
In our eyes, they gain much more applause and profits than us.
And they are standing on a top place we can't reach .
For a start, we must make a clear goal to guide our plans to achieve our aims.
Without aims, even you intend to go somewhere, we can't walk far or stay there as before.
Moreover we must admit they have made great efforts.
Thoustants of experiments attribute to the light .
Once more, alternative is of great importance for success.
Alternative offers more possibilities for us to access our success and pave the way to success.
In conclusion, success isn't difficult to achieve above what we have discussed.
Only if we have made enough efforts, taken hold a chance and had faith in ourselves, we will can see the picture we have drawn in our minds.
a new year .
a new start.
when i stand on the edge of  a new year.
  so i decide that i should be at work while the others are still relaxing .
and then .
at the beginning .
i will do my best to live up with what i have planned.
The story told us what boy's life with a buge apple tree , The a little boy was getting a man, but the tree was getting old , The tree gave all the things what he have to the boy to do anything.
we should tell ous children how anything to do and help their fing what doing happy they are.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland, a developed country in Europe.
Sitzerland is in the centre of the Europe.
It covers an area of 41,000 kilometers and has a population of 7,500,000.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland.
What's more, Geneva, one of the most famous cities, also belongs to Switerland.
It can be said with certainty that Switerland is acountry with beautiful scenes.
It is also called The park of the world  .
In a word, Switerland is my favourite country.
It's generally agreeed that Switerland is one of the most beautiful countries in the world.
During these days we study together and exchange ideas.
What's more, it's of great fun for me to take a tour of beijing'sancient sights , which are the essence of Chinese historical culture.
In our life, we always meet many troubles.
And we meet them, we always with somebody have a talk.
If our opinion have some difference, I always judging rationally, the good in people, or an I better.
I won't follow somebody's opinion blindly.
Actually, I respect other's opinions instead of arguing about them.
I respect the opinions of them, but when i have a different opinion, I will tell them in a right time.
To conclude, when I have a different opinion, I will be a reasonable man.
It is well-known to us that the phenomenon of dishonesty exists our day-to-day life.
For example, in order to get a great score, some students who cheat in exams.
What is more companies want to earn a large amount of benefits that they also cheat consumers.
There is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of honesty.
The reason why are as follows.
Firstly, if we treat friends honestly, we will get many good friends in the future.
Sencondly, the companies should not cheat every consumer.
Only in this way, they can become large and large.
Life may be many things to many people.
Some may see it as the only while others may view it as a game.
My opinion of life is bound up with three major factors.
Primarily, life is so precious that everyone should treasure it.
In fact, from Materialism angle, it's true that life is single and short.
All we should do something valued and contributed to our society.
Secondly, life is also long enough and unimportant.
There is nothing could take in or away in the world.
So it's no significance to chase wealth, reputation or status.
I have much freedom in this matter, but I have found any other way of seeing life more reasonable and acceptable that mine.
So the air is fresh.
The old man tumbled on the ground making every effort to grab his walking stick with which he could stand up by himself.
Exercise can makes me happiness very much.
Exercise does have unexpected benefits.
This news mainly about Yang Wei think healthy living is not hard.
We only need to do more exercise and keep health diet.
Nowdays mobile phones are very common around us and especially used widly among students as it is convenience for us to contact with our parents.
Besides, much fun is brought by it in order to make us excited and ralexed.
In the other word, some teachers and parents have oppsite opinions because they think that using mobile phone is the most important reason which affects students' learning.
For example, using mobile phones on class interferes teachers to teach and disperse students' attention so that they can't remember all the knowledges that teachers mentioned.
Meanwhile, the cheating softwares preseted on mobile phones like Wechat costs not only money but also time.
However, as students, we should concentrate on study instead of ueing mobile phones.
Qingdao is in the southeast of Shandong Province.
And it is one of the most interesting cities on the coast.
The Wind of May is the most famous architectures in Qingdao.
In summer, Qingdao attractives a lot of tourists that are from different countries.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is a traditional festival in China.
Everybody likes it because it is a family get-together Day.
You see, it is called 'Mid-Autumn Day', so it often comes in September or October.
It is on the 15th of the 8th of the lunar month.
That day the moon is round, big, just like a beautiful plate hanging on the blue cloth.
When I see the moon, I'll remember the ancient legend--the goddess Chang Er and her rabbit are playing under the tree.
There is a big tree in my family's garden.
All the family members are sitting under the tree in the open atmosphere on the day.
We are eating the moon cakes and honouring the full moon in the sky.
It is an amazing and memorial thing.
And that is a family reunion dinner.
The moon cakes and the moon symbolized the love of the family.
I considered this as one of the most valuable things in the world.
The Mid-Autumn Festival plays an essential role in our life.
Now more and more people worry about students who born in the 90s.
Because they think those students who are only care of themselves which not connect others.
In addition they not only no insist which easy give up but also don't know what to follow and hope to become famous.
But cause for they are this that they have to face trouble in entering a higher school and finding the job.
And besides those they also have many advantages.
For example they can brave to challenge.
So I think although they have many disadvantages, different times have their own living ways.
Recently a large number of TV game show, a miraculous number of competitive level of player's appearance looks well, such as The Voice of China.
these kinds of Tv show seems to a people who looks well are easier to success.
We have to permit that good looking will be more likely to succeed in appearance.
but that can't mean that appearance not well, and can't succeed.
We canot judge a people by their appearance.
One's listening comprehension and speaking ability grow by practice.
To achieve good results in training aural comprehension at college, it is necessary to practice listening to English on a regular basis.
Although I hate English, I have to learn it for text.
Through so many years of study, I also discover some methods.
For example: Listen, as far as possible, the more you listen, the easier it is to learn English.
So the selection of interesting is not too difficult listening materials, such as China radio international or BBC English programs.
You can recite the text.
Reciting is good to help you remember a lot of useful phrases and sentences, and help you to improve your English way of thinking.
You should practice listening and speaking as much as possible.
Every day we can get up early to practice reading English.
First of all, I want to say the college life in my eyes, I think university is easily free and there are many free time.
Secondly, I have my own goal in college, in my opinion, I think learning is my top priority, I should pay more attention on it.
Of course, working is also important.
Finally, I want to say no matter what I meet in the future, I should keep an optimistic attitude towards life.
First children these days depend on their parents too much it is not enough to just det good dreads at shool .
As we are all raised in China, the most of us experienced being asked not to cry but to be brave grudgingly.
  Parents' criticism like these often be heard in streets and alleys.
I have read a lot of articles that have smething to do with love story and different article gave me different feeling.
Love story exists every corner of the world, each country , or each home , No matter how poor we are , we will never lack love .
Family, love, friendship, are filled with the world , they expressed through the love story , and they are spreaded around the world .
I have been in residence since the beginning of the junior high school.
Habit and adapt to life without parents accompany.
Graduated from high school.
The summer vacation, I find a summer job.
It is a promoter, in a supermarket sales a kind of drink.
The end of a month, I go to university as a freshman no parents accompany, I come to this strange city alone.
This summer vacation, I also go for work, do a cashier in a supermarket.
Contact the society and learn some experience.
Today Disposable Plastic Bags is a problem to everyone.
In our life Disposable Plastic Bags can be seen everywhere we lived.
Though we all know the injury of the plastic.
The use of it is never decreased.
Recently, as the appeal for environmental protection become more and more upsurge.
As we know, the injury of Plastic in today's society should be attached importance to.
Over using the plastic bags not only increase the pollution of the environment.
But also make the living beings under the influence.
In the other hands, the Plastics are harmed for our health that make our life become dirty.
Limiting the use of Disposable Plastic Bags has many ways.
Nevertheless in my opinion, we could do that some thing in our life.
And we will also use the meaning of limiting the use of Disposable Plastic Bags.
We live in the world that can let us grow up happiness and healthiness.
We should not over the beautiful view, make the environment badly to live.
Different people have quite different views on Group Cooperative learning.
Some of them are in favor of the idea that Group Cooperative Learning.
Those who hold the first opinion think that Group Cooperative Learning is good for learning.
In their view, people can communication with each other.
Students are chatting instead of studying.
Admittedly, the atmosphere is not easily trapped.
Furthermore, students can help each other, they are making progress together.
A man who likes to speak big words, often does terribly.
Therefore, it is better to do well than to say well.
As far as I am concerned, because of ignorance in action, we often get in to trouble.
For instance, if you behave not properly in table manners, you will feel embarrassed, no matter what you say, it is really terrible.
To the bedroom door because the boy can not enter my own luggage.
Fortunately.
Give me a deep impact is a beautiful girl.
Her hometown hunan.
when l moved my baggage to my bedroom door met her.
She offered to help me move my baggage to my bedroom.
To the bedroom to lay down luggage.
She left.
L said thank you.
finally.
l was lucky.
Dear Mr.
The Students' Union will take up an outdoor activity for students and teachers.
We will get together at the school gate at half past seven.
The activity start at eight and end at eleven.
If you are free on Sunday.
Hello, Mr Johnson.
I am a 20 years old boy whose name is LiMing.
I feel very honored to introduction myself and put forward my request.
When I was at high school, I was a volunteer on the campus volunteer association.
Because I am willing to serve for other people.
I think this is a happy thing.
Not only other people feel happy, but also I feel a sense of achievement.
This brief experience is my precious wealth.
Later, I also had been engaged in volunteer with the work.
Such as helped the old man who is in the nursing home, cleaning in the community, helped the man who is homeless in the alleyway and so on.
I think help others is an essential in my life.
My hobby is to help other people.
And I also like reading, sports and music.
I think I will be a good volunteer.
If you have the interest to me, please contact me.
My telephone number is 12345678.
Please give me a chance and I won't let you regret.
Dragon Boat Festival Dragon Boat race is a unique folk activities, the couse of this event is commenmorate one of the ancient China during the great poet QuYuan established.
I thought is very exciting.
So I want to take part in he Drgon Boat Training Camp.
Traning Camp can exercise the boby.
And Traning Camp will begin in August in beijing.
  We have but one aim and one single, irrevocable purpose.
There is a variety of method to apply to.
To begin with, people could relax or refresh themselves on weekends or on vacation.
Although people could not avoid it, they can strain every nerve to reduce its detrimental effects and not to be burdened by it.
Last but not least, individuals ought to engage in all sorts of activities to strengthen all parts of their body.
In a nutshell, it is maintained that job stress is a costly epidemic that we can confront it.
It is shown that plagiarism, as a serious problem, has been running rampant on campus.
A variety of college students copying other's ideas without any proper attribution aim for the slovenly accomplishment of their homework.
To begin with, the more copies, the more laziness.
Plagiarism may have brought students convenience for the moment but in the long run, it would curb their progress of thinking.
In addition, it is unfair for authors to use their opinions without reasonably stating the sources.
