My school life is interesting.
I get up at 5 o'clock.
When I have brushed my tooth and washed my face at half past five.
I strat my school life at the first class strat.
Our teachers are interested and amusing so I don't feel bored everyday.
I am a Senior high school students, I am so busy everyday.
I have eight subjects.
Every subject is diffcult.
I finish school at half past five.
I have much homework to finish.
I usually do my homework when I finish the dinner.
Nowadays with the development of science and technology.
Cars become increasingly popular.
Besides we can go on business more fast.
They plays an important part in our daily life.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival for the Chinese people and is when all family members get together, just like Christmas in the West.
We are pleased to inform you that our S/LNo.J-29 cargo has been shiped on S.Pearl for transshipment at HongKong onto S.MayFlower .
But don't be worried, I only use it to look up something important and I will give it back to you soon just after class.
In order to increase students' knowledge about the traditional culture of Guangzhou, our shool held a Guangzhou Culture Festival  last Saturday.
In Picture show, we can saw Guangzhou changed.
I hope the next year my school can held out The world of knowledge show.
There is no denying that with the development of economy, all the countries in the world want to be more and more efficient.
So, a problem arises.
Pepole have to work hard during the day and they even don't have time to relax.
There is too much stress to bear.
Meanwhile, many people don't understand how to solve this problem and they suicide.
People take different views on this topic.
First of all, one person's power is weak.
You could feel better when you share your stress with your friends or parents.
They will help you to get out of trouble and find a suitable way which could help you forget your stress contemporarily.
Secondly, spectators often see more clear.
Finally, spending your time with them is a kind of relaxing.
It does us a lot of good that knowing what is your best way of reducing stress.
When the stress make you out of breath, the only way is to solve it rather than escape.
With the development of science and technology .
Computers have played an Increasing Important role in our daily life.
Computers make our life more convenient.
Now more and more people became weak and shortsighted.
It's because they surf the internet day and night but without rest .
In addition, The reason why student rely on too much computers is that they find many reference materials online.
All in all, we can't live without computer, but we should try to go out to do same exercise with our friends.
  Now keep the clutch down, put the car into first gear, put down the handbrake.
I could not wait to tell all of my friends.
Just like driving.
I have known that I could drive only if I have a try.
We are pleased to inform you that our goods of Sales Confirmation No.J-29 are shipped by S.Pearl, and we will be transported by S.May flower in Hong Kong.
This is a banana on the car.
This is a mango on the case.
This is an orange under the sofa.
This is my sister in the picture.
These are many books in my bookcase.
These are two beds in my room.
These are four cups on the table.
That is a pig.
That is a bike in my room.
Thoes are shirts on the table.
In modern society, social net work is popular with the young generations.
In fact , in the virtual net world, people are eager to put their thoughts, dynamic, interests in the Internet, not worrying about the influneces among the persons you are familier with, for who doesn't know each other.
Some people like to communicate with others, they have strong desire to share their own lives, including friends' , too.
They would like to get thier lives colorful and full of fun and challenge, and don't like to be addicted to in mutable and frozen lives.
Others are not, they have to work for themselves, having little time for strangers' contaction, it's spends too much time and disturb we study an rest, even not kown whether it is real.
My favourite food is mushrooms.
I like them because I think they are very delicious and nutritious.
There are many kinds of mushrooms in the world.
Some are like small houses with big round heads and thick bodies.
And some have the shapes of umbrellas.
Mushrooms usually grow among trees in forests.
My mother can cook mushrooms in many different ways.
Mushrooms are very good for people's health.
I like mushrooms very much.
Nowadays the city become more and more crowding.
This is not a populations matter any more, but more and more buildings have been built for entertaining and for others.
Such as a new airport required to build, so it must occupy a large piece of land.
With the development of economy, many cities have to develop their city.
Owing to the city requiements, the high buildings are built frequently.
For different purposes, the land become less and less for people to live.
Because of a series of problems, the overcrowding leads to the housing price continuously go up.
I think the government should take a valid measure to forbid the situation becoming more worse.
And as a servant of people should consider more for people.
We are now living in the age of information .
Various electronic products like e-books are filled with our daily lives and they play an important role in our lives gradually .
However , we should treat them in a wise way .
For one thing , they have their own advantages .
First , we can get the important information we need from e-books at anywhere and anytime .
Second , many contents can accept by many users at one time .
Third , they are very convenient for us to study and they have no damages to our eyes .
For another thing , they have many disadvantages .
They are sometimes very expensive and people can not afford them .
There are many games in them and many students spend much time playing games instead of studying, which makes parents worry about their children .
With the improving of education, the learning methods also become various, especially the group cooperative.
Some people think it is good for us to learning, but others take the opposite point of view.
As far as I'm concerned, group cooperative learning is good for us.
First, when the students encounter the problems they can discuss with their group numbers for the first time .
Second the competition between the groups makes the students have more motivation to study.
All above is my point of view.
Maybe you think it is wrong .
I am L who is the president of Students' Union.
We will organize the outsde activity for students.
We 'll get together at the school gate at 7:00.
Then we'll start at 8:00.
The activity will be end at 11:00.
We hope that the students can get close to nature and take exsercise outside, so we prepra the activity.
I am hear that my best friends liHua will visit my town .
My town located to the Greater river, so we can see some sight of the Grewt river and have a boat with him.
Because of peaceful sight let us relaxed and forget some unhappy things.
Than we will have a lunch in my home .
He can taste delicious local food.
After lunch we will climb mountains.
Last i will take him to visit the most famous place in my town--BaWang temple.
Where XiangYu died.
College is a time of growth and expansion.
It's our first step to enter the work world and in this period of time we should finish our transition to be an adult.
There are three aspects what need to be improved and perfected in our college years.
Firstly, in study, we should not only learn our professional courses well but read extensively and focus on current events.
Secondly, in social practice, taking apart in a number of social activities and interviews can enrich our experiences.
Thirdly, in way of dealing with people--parents, schools or leaders.
We'll get independence and mature in the process of handling things by ourselves and establishing our own circle.
The most important thing is how to perceive ourselves and position our roles.
There are many different club, such as sports club, English club, art club.
If you want to have a healthy body, you can join sports club.
You will learn how to correctly exercise and enjoy yourself there.
In my school, the most popular club is English club.
In my opinion, you should join the club which you interested in.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film that to read the original work.
The reason is that it watch a movie can save time.
If you read a book, you may need several days to read through it.
But if you watch a movie, you just need less than 2 hours to know what have happened.
And watch a movie can be more interesting.
We can enjoy the fun of wonderful scene and sound effect.
Beside, we can easy to understand the story of film.
I think watching a movie would be the fast way to know what have happened.
We are impressed deeply by seeing a film.
You may forget what have happened after a short time by reading.
However, you can remember deeply by reed the original work because scense and dialogue are so easier to keep in meed.
There will be a fashion show in the City Exhibition Center at tomorrow afternoon.
It must be excellent.
I wonder if you'd like to go with me.
Shall we meet at the gate of People's Cinema at 1 o'clock p.m. if it is convenient for you?
Many people are willing to live beside a river which is clean and clear.
But the river next to my house became very dirty and smell bad.
Every day there are a lot of rubbish floating on the river.
Everybody who walks alone the river must cover their mouth.
Several years ago, villagers can wash their clothes and rice by using the water in the river.
With the development of living standard and the changing of life style, more and more people pour their waste into the river.
Some of them were prefer convenient.
For preventing this situation growing on, the government has decided to improve the river.
They planted trees for avoiding the soil and water losing.
Besides, they threw out the rubbish from the river and set more dustbins.
From where I stand, I think the government also can call on people not to throw the rubbish into the river.
The community groups can supervise people and advise them to throw their rubbish into the garbage bin.
Actually, if every one of us knows it is wrong about throwing the rubbish into the river.
We all know reading books is benefit of improving our knowledge.
Because we can reading other people's experience to know what we should do in many ways.
It can make our success as soon as possible.
But not all experience that we should learn is good for us.
When I was a child my parents urged me to reading famous books.
Due to we can get a lot from these books.
On the contrary, we read some loving books that is very badly writing getting less from these.
Some books may have some violent potent in it.
We read this book that it is waste our life.
Reading selectively not only we improve our knowledge but also we can learn how to make our life more various.
At last I want say that it is time to reading .
Don't waste any time .
If you you don't know what books is good.
Then you can recognize what books you should to read.
I'm the president of Students' Union.
In order to get close to nature and let students develop a habit of taking exercise frenquantly, the Students' Union has decided to hold an outdoor activity.
Please come and join us.
Today the crime rate in some cities of our country is rising.
Almost in every country thefts, robberies or even murderers exist.
Obviously, we always face danger and things like that really do harm to our lives.
So there must be something to deal with it.
When we are faced with criminals, we should do some things effectively.
We shouldn't be too scared to meet such situation like rob.
We can turn to somebody for help.
On one hand, right agsinst can help us frightening robber so that the robber can not do his thing.
To reduce the crime rate, all the people should first recieve a law education because it is important for us when we are in danger.
As we know, a harmonious dormitory life is benifits all the members.
There are several ways to creat a harmonious dormitory life.
Firstly, keep cleaning the room and washing the clothes every day, get rid of those bad habits, Everybody should own a broad heart to tolerate other member's fault, even at the annoying situation .
Secondly, don't doubt anyone before make sure something.
In a word, a good dormitory relationship equals a good personal relationship.
Hi, my favourite place at school is the Art-room, because it is very big and bright.
Theve are also a lot of use ful painting, crayon and sketch.
There can be a painting with My classmates.
I love painting.
Because It can make me quiet.
One is positive aspect, the other is negative aspect.
On positive aspect, we can find many benefits, doing exercise can release pressure, and make us be confident in life, what's more, some sports educate us to aim high.
The spirit of cooperation is the most important appearance about positive aspect of sports.
But there is an exception that sports may also make you be injured, that why some people don't like doing any exercise.
i like music very much.
beacuse music is very and Music can bring me pleasure.
I like pop music.
Because it's fashionable .
I don't like folk music.
will not delay learning.
I will sing every day in my spare time.
With the development of society, on line shopping becomes more and more common.
Anything has two parts, so the different person has the different attitudes towards on line shopping.
Some people think it boring to make purchase of goods on the internet.
There is no sense in shopping if we can't try it on.
However others think on line shopping is a good way to fit our busy life.
In my opinion, on line shopping is cheap and useful.
Firstly, on line shopping is a good way to save money.
In point of cost, on line shopping never need to pay for rent of shops, so sellers sell productions at the lowest price.
We even can buy a pair of shoes in several different colours because of the low price.
Secondly, on line shopping save time for both sellers and buyers.
On the one hand, sellers can serve several different buyers at the same time, that means sellers can manage to sell different things and make more money at the same time.
On the other hand, we do not need to try it on, we can buy it at once by drawing lessons from previous buyers.
Besides, there is no need to build some stores which suggest that we can save a quantity of money and work.
What's more, we just do some shopping on the internet, that is to say, we can just buy it no matter where it is only if there is a computer.
That's quite fee.
In addition, on line shopping is a good way to buy anything we need.
We are always confused when we need to buy something necessary but not usual.
In a word, on line shopping makes our life easy.
Last but not least, for one thing, computers are also invented by a human, the educational aspects also need teachers to check and design, therefore, teachers will not confront an unemployment problem now.
This Winter holiday is the last one for us before we graduate from senior high.
What interested me most is that watching American TV show can learn English.
It ony only can widen ouir vision, but also can provide a channel to add to the ability of listening.
In addition, doing some English reading is also helpful to learn English.
It can give hands to English reading comprehension.
If it is convient to you, try our best to talk with foreigners as our friends.
It is not unusual to hear that high school students want to attend college as soon as possible while college students, in contrary, they wish go back high school .
Personally, it is very comfortable when I studying in college.
On the one hand, the campus just like a small world of freedom in which we students can do whatever we want that we can't in the high school.
My name is X and you can call me Sandy.
I am a very loving smile, easygoing, outgoing girl.
And I like to read a book, watch movies , easy to be moved and easy to cry.
I also like to listen to music, it makes me feel very relaxed.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our question was about study buy myself, watch TV or listening to music , talk by the Internet or play games, help parents to do the housework, do sports.
we are live happy life in this modern country .
and many people are more carry and carry with their health .
and they all know how to keep their healthy .
Frist we should try to eat with muth fat and carbohydrate foods less because they are bad for your health .
Of couse , you should eat more velegetebables and fruits the reason why they are good for your health .
secondly , we should also keep our body health .
So we should take some exsursice every day .
it is helpful to increase health for us .
Lastly , we should keep well banlece date of our life .
Hello Mr. Wang(I don't know your English name yet so I call you in this way.
I'm so glad to learn English with you.
And I'm expecting for more chance to practice my speaking English.
I'm from S and when I speak English it's always mixed with some S accent(I call it S-glish lol).
I hope I can improve it soon.
Hello everybody, It's my time for introducing the acitvities of our family on New Year's Day which is the most important day in the year in China.
First of all, everybody get together on that day.
so I usually go to my grandparent's home then we will have a family dinner which always makes me feel warm and happy.
Then, the women in our home will wash the dishes and clean up the table which we have eaten up the dishes and at the same time some children will watch TV or play games, the others will play cards together.
Third, when we feel excited we will go to sing Kara OK.
When we meet the friends which we have long time haven't seen we will give him a hug to express our miss.
I think it is meaningful to spend this day with the people who are really important for us.
According to the survey conducted by China Youth Daily, only 10 percent Chinese believe that houses have nothing to do with happiness.
A house is not merely the cold space built of bricks, cement and reinforcing bars, it is home.
Home is magic and wonderful, which is a word full of warmth, load with the power.
It can heal the wounds of your soul, give you enough courage to live and lend you confidence to resolve difficulties etc.
Owning a house is the premise of founding home.
To a great extent, that people buy a house is not only want to buy a two-bedroom unit or three-bedroom unit, but to get a kind of happiness.
If the house is rented, this happiness will be reduced terribly; what worse than this is that you may not feel it.
So, buying a house is to invest in your own happiness, especially for women.
Someone once said, For men, the place where his lover stays is the home, while for women, the place with a house is home.
  There are 67 percent female netizen who buy houses out of sense of belonging.
At the same time, nearly 60 percent consider the houses as better quality of life.
As a matter of fact, it is just the surface phenomenon that women want to have their own houses.
In the final analysis, women want to give themselves the spiritual independent space.
With different size, the happiness that houses bring to people is the same.
Maybe there are only a bed, a desk and a reading lamp in your little house, it is crowded but warm.
You can lie on the bed when you feel tired; you can hide in the corner when you are sad; you can sing loudly when you are happy; moreover, you can dream whatever you dream in the little house.
It doesn't matter that you live in a humble abode.
  Haste makes waste , which is the old saying.
If a man courts a woman, he should ry to win her love gradually.
In the future .
There is no trouble and sorrow.
We are glad to imform you that our sales confirmation No.J-29 , the goods have been shipped by S.
S.pearl  , May flower cargo ship in Hongkong.
This contract is at cost price puls freight turnover.
We have been send a fax for you on Mar.15.2013.
For example, traveling, shopping, having parties, joining the club is the happy thing many people like to relax and rest, but we can not do these things without money.
Besides, in this world maybe we can not live without money.
As far as I am concerned love in our life is where and there.
Our school although the traffic is not good, but in such a quiet place to study, our body and mind very comfortable.
We have a good school environment.
All of us go to school when we were young.
And we will have some tests to inspection results in our study.
can go to a good university.
The abilities can reflect in every aspect.
For example, fealty and honesty are the nice qualities.
We should be caused take seriously.
Every job needs the all-round development of talents.
In my opinion, product training is very important.
It can decide our life.
quality when childhood.
Only in this way we can be a person who is beneficial to the society.
The reasons why college students like self-help traveling can be listed as follows.
First of all, self-help traveling can give young people more freedom and spaces.
They can rang the travel route and go to the palces whatever they intend.
Moreover , self-help traveling is the chap-est way for traveling.
Compared with the travel tour, self-help traveller can determined the food they eat and the place they sleep in.
So it is the best choice for the college student who love traveling but with not much money.
It can help me learn about the different culture with the lowest expense and , at the same time, relieve my pressure.
Just as many people said that children are angels who are the precious crystallization of love.
Nowadays, many parents try their best to prepare everything well for their children in order to make the road in front of them more smooth and glorious.
The parents must haven't thought the life their children would lead after their mother and father's leaving.
Love shouldn't become the obstruction in the way of children's growing.
What Parents should do is to help children to be independent.
Telling children the key-point skills and let them have a dig at practising.
Sometimes, parents can leave children alone to teach them how to work out problems on their own.
Creating difficulties for them to settle is certainly a sensible choice which can provoke children to enrich their common sense and practical technologies.
Trust me, Love can be expressed in a more appropriate way.
The U.
However, the dismal U.
As is known to all, friends play an important role in everyone's life.
we all have friends.
They have various characteristics.
We often share happiness and sadness with our friends.
In this way, we get relaxed and feel not lonely.
They are not worth trusting.
So I have never made friends with this kind of people.
Intelligent friends often give us help.
We learn a lot from them.
But I want to say that we should not just ask for without any paying.
Nobody tending to make friends with a selfish man.
Humor friends make our life joyful.
I like to stay with them.
As my friends, to be sincere is the most important.
Besides, it will be ideal if they are intelligent and humor.
With the development of modem society, people's living standards improved.
Online shopping has many advantages.
It's very convenient for people to buy something what they need.
So they needn't go out to shop .
Every coin has two sides .
Online shopping also has many problems.
The quality of the Online shopping is not necessarily good .
We often do not have to guarantee when we shopping online.
And we are very easy to be cheated by merchants.
In my opinion, we should be reasonable and sensible.
Online shopping can be but not ever consumption.
Several days before the festival, relatives or friends have started to pay a visit mutually with some presents.
It seems to cause some small problems.
We will offer free service for your car within 2 years.
In other words, we will try our best to repair your car when it is break down.
I am a student from Henan province.
This may be a prelude to the arrivel of winter.
The days are shorter and the night are longer.
The leaves are turning yellow, and then slowly falling.
The weather here with the weather in my hometown are different.
In my hometown the wind often blows strongly and it often rains before winter comes.
But there is little wind and rain in Luoyang.
It is said that the temprature can reach ten degrees blew zero in Luoyang.
In my hometown the temperature rarely reached minus, so I could not adapted to the weather.
I must learn to adapt.
I think the discovery is very important in our life, we need it to find many things that we did not know it.
In the streets, in our house, even in elevators.
The idea is simple, tell someone something long enough and they will believe it.
Some advertisements are so elegantly presented that we are inspired or even moved.
Generally speaking advertisements become one of the most authoritative voices speaking to us today.
As far as I know, online reading is becoming a hot pursuit among people of all ages, ranging from students to adults.
Despide the convenience of online reading, I prefer the other more.
Group cooperative learning is used in many schools.
In my opinion it is a good way that every one can help each other.
Not only can wei lean more, but also can have a good communication.
But if you want to get all above you should try your best to keep the groups on.
Have a positive attitude and act.
Action speaks louder than words.
Every has a lot of dream.
Some people want to be a doctor.
Some people want to be a teacher.
I have a lot of dream, too.
In the primary school.
I want to be a pilot, but I am myopia.
So I can not be a pilot.
In the middle school.
I want to be a doctor, because they can help people mend his ways to save him.
I think they are greatness.
I am a ordinary people, I have a ordinary dream: doctor.
In order to save money, we collect all kinds of coupons.
For the time being, many shops, restaurants and some companies give out many coupons and other things which can save consumers' money.
First, they are all the companies which established for earning money, whatever they do, they are just for broadening their consumers and gaining more money.
Then, all the coupons are used for the consumers to spend more money.
Thirdly, we spend less money not because of we are smart but for may be the companies spend less on their cost.
More and more companies use bad things in their products nowadays.
In my opinion that the cost is always lower than the price tag.
Some of my classmates think it necessary to get online.
To their mind, the Internet can make it convient to study.
Through the Internet, they have access to braoden their minds.
Besides, they can wach movies.
read novels.cheat with others and so on.
In others' opinions, the Internet isn't good for students.
Beacuse of the attract of kinds of things in the Internet, we sometimes hardly restrain oyrselves.
They think students should pay more attention to study.
To my mind, getting online has both advantages and disanvantages.
I have a friend.
His name is Liu Qinglei and he is twelve years old.
He is from China.
He is a student and he is in Class 5 Grade 1.
He has a friend.
Her name is Betty.
Betty is English.
She is thirteen years old and she is in Class 2.
She is a beautiful girl.
His teacher is Mrs Green.
She is American.
Love is a beautiful feeling.
Perhaps each of us is bathed in love.
In my hometown, a boy is unfortunate adela.
Because of his congenital defect.
He is different to the childre that his is don't standing up and walking .
Just sit here and don't move.
Nonetheles his parents never gave up on his care and they taught the happy life.
He parents taught practical thing and encourage boy go to school .
In school teachers and students are taking care of him, whatever he to all help him, the students took turns to push the wheelchair to send him home.
Everyone accompanying his growing up.
Although he can't live the normal person that his is happy every day.
Love can make a man strong and happy life.
Lecture states a new discovery of T.
However, the professor suspects the findings.
the blood vessels.
In addition, they also left the organic material .
they don't find the any red blood cells in the spheres.
the bones.
may from the skin of the researchers.
before finding jobs when they step into society as an adult.
way, that directly useful for them to job decision.
medical in school, got an opptunitiy to work in a hospital.
working .
never worked.
company with my resume.
question is about the working experience.
parents' pocket.
parents.
My roommate in college have worked for many hours.
without his parents support reach the all school fee.
Students must go into rapture when they get the first paid.
graduated.
hundred dollars.
for the needy time.
Above 80.78% student chooses the last one.
of them used to take the part-time job.
life.
Certain reservation in giving their love to their children can make their children more independent and maturer and stronger.
It covers an area of more than 550,000 square kilometres.
It has a population of more than 63 million .
I think you guys can't be more familiar with this .
It is well known that France is famous for its high-end apparel cosmetics, and its luxury .
I can't say it's not turn, actually, nowadays whereof walk on the streets , except those white-collar who works in office, you rarely see people all dressed up like in fashion magazine .
People are just wearing very casual dress.
You all know that French cuisine is farmer, throughout the world and French people are very particles about eating .
But these days, the time we spent on diet is becoming shower and shower.
Many people who first arrived in France may feel confused by the colour of its sidewalk , as you can see in the picture some are dark and some are just lighter .
Actually, this is because of dogs.
We love them so much.
Let me die you some numbers.
The population in parts is about 2 million but the number of dog is more than half a million.
that means almost every family in my country has a dog .
Instead of famous brands, perfume, beauties, he will tell you it's dog.
Nor wander that people say that Paries is the heaven for dogs .
And for we love dogs so much that some taxis in Paries have special seat just for dogs .
The last thing I'm money to show you is perfume .
Of course when mention parts, you can not mention perfume .
But if you were a man it is not such a wise choice for you to chose a perfume as a present for you female friend in my country .
I had never thought about coming to the CUP before I received the letter of the admission which told me that I did really come here.
My first pre-conception of my study was dim, for the majority I chose didn't suit me well.
It requires rich imagination and sharp observation which I unfortunately have neither.
Since then, I have understood why people saying that the hardest part of ending is starting again.
College life is like a star-crossed love in everyone's life.
That is tough, I have to say.
That is my plan.
Nowadays, as society developing, various methods can be choosing by a large number of employment companies.
Therefore, under the employment situation, instead of strengthening learning skills simply, school educational system ought to particularly put quality-oriented education in the first position.
At the same time, school must take measures to deal with it in every aspect.
For instance, setting up a course of Ideology and Morality Cultivation and legal Rudiments can deepen their understanding of ideology culture.
According to the employment status recently, character education is of vital significance in the recruitment examinations.
Reflecting one's basic quality, character education has gradually become an ultimate standard to assess candidates.
He who is in a poor character can not live in society.
It's so excited to read such a speech with great passion .
After reading it , I realized we're now adults who should take primary responsibility for ourselves .
The college education is not only a way enabling us to acquire more knowledge and living skills , but also a transition in our lives.
For country.
for family.
It is truly difficult.
according to this, many people think it is not ok.
In this society there are many people like to buyings online .
I also like to go shopping on the intetnet.
she makes it very conwenient for us to buy what we want, And online shopping is very cheaper that buying thing in real life.
But when I am wery quick and easy to buy something cheap, somrtimes it will be disappointed.
With the growing awareness of conducting financial transactions, more and more people, especially students, are careful with money in daily life.
They collect all kinds of coupons, look for group-buy deals for eating out and travelling, and buy clothes only on sale.
Recently, however, there has been a heated debate on this seemingly smart way of consuming.
Firstly, we easily tend to overbuy and consume blindly.
We may consider that coupons and group-buy deals are favorable to help us save more money.
As a result, we can't help purchasing a number of commodities which we don't really need.
This will lead to a large waste of money and resources.
Furthermore, in the long term, if we always consume in this way, we might form a habit of irrational consumption, and it might influence our way of thinking.
For example, from intelligent and logical thinking to emotional thinking.
We will constantly buy things just because of the discount price rather than measure their value or speculate whether they are really indispensable.
All in all, we should maintain a rational and logical mind when spending our money, and it doesn't merely mean buying cheap or discount merchandise.
Let us deliberate what we authentically require.
As we know, all study and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All in all, please give me a chance to display myself.
In high school, we spend a lot of time and energy studying.
Also we went through more stress from our parents and teachers.
In our inner ear, the college ex trance examination was our dream, whereas the college study can be extremely relax.
We have many alternatives to study by ourselves .
There are many activities in universities which you can communicate with others.
When I became a freshman, I detected that there is always someone who is superior to you.
In those days, I didn't intend to study.
I supposed my classmates were more talent than me.
Luckly, my classmates were kind to me.
As far as I'm concerned, you should make a clear plan and take part in more activities.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
As far as the ordinary vacation, I spent the time at home during the summer vacation.
But it was different that I assited my mother do housework.
Authough I had done some housework former, it was the first time I become a full-time housewife  .
To most of my classmates, it was so boring.
On the contrary, I felt extremely substantial.
My parents had not have regular job, so we had not have enough money.
It was hard to them to sent my brother and I to go to school.
When I grown up and went to university, I can considerate my parents' situation.
My father is a driver.
He gets up early and comes back late.
When he comes home, he feels tired.
So he likes drinking a little bit wine to ease.
My mother goes to the cleaning company as a cleaner.
She must clean the all the floor.
So everyday I cook launch and dinner for them.
I am very glad that they enjoy the meal.
But my mother always gives me some advice to my cook, sometimes I am not so happy.
To be honest, her advice is good.
As far as I considered, with time passing by and we grow up, we have to take up the responsibility which we can or we should take.
And we not only know how to study, but also should know what we can aid our parents do.
Someone does not go through until the exam coming.
To get through the exam, they have to take some actions, such as cheating.
Though a good score may lead to a good title, when we were young children, our teachers and parents told us to be honest people.
There are some tips to solve this problem.
In my opinion, on the one hand, the college should make rules to punish.
In this way, can reduce this phenomenon.
On the other way, the students should change their minds and resist cheating.
Thanks for your time first, let me introduce myself to you .my name is M .
And i am a 17 years old student in X middle school.
i am a outgoing student and responsible student who likes children.
In school , my favorite subject is English.
what is more, I lived in the United kingdom.
That something about me.
At first, my father is an amateur photographer who regards photography as his only interest.
In one word, a good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
All I have to do is studying hard.
I have tons of things that I want to pursue.
However, I do not think it is a bad or shameful thing that we live with some goals as well as desires.
Everyone has and should have some hopes or wishes, in my eyes, Diogenes is no exception.
At least you cannot deny that he wanted others to accept and recognize his doctrine.
To be honest, I do not intend to be that kind of real person, because without any desires, I do not believe there have any attractions in the world.
Yet, I hold that we should learn how to be easier to feel content so that wo do not have to live so tired and weary.
He wanted to take the clean metal of human life, to erase the old false conventional markings, and to imprint it with its true values.
To some degree, he succeeded while to some extent, he failed and can never succeed.
Diogenes's idea and doctrine do affect some people like Alexander and he many people's admiration and worship.
His doctrine survived even thousands years have past away.
However, as we all know, his idea cannot be accepted by everyone.
I can understand Diogenes who is doubtless a great man of history.
He was such a brave man who had true, lasting good.
But I cannot be him, and I do not want to be a citizen of the world  .
What we can learn from him is that how to cope with our emotions and to live a happier life.
Nowadays more and more people use the internet and more and more jobs need the internet.
It's makes our communicate more easily, we can talk online with our friends even hang in the homework in my room.
It also makes our space time more happily.
On other hand, it also has the disadvantages.
first, there are many trickster there, they use the internet to cheat the children.
second, let's of student are carzy with the games so they even do not do their homework.
Above all, I think wo need use the internent in a proper way.
Let the internet help us in our life and don't addicted yo it.
Increased with friends.
I like them.
A bear, It is one of my favorites.
On my seven's birthday party my father brought a birthday present for me.
Although it is not very colorful, I love it very much than others.
The bear has two big eyes, white ears a red mouth and a small nose.
It in a brown coat.
I love it because I love my father.
It can represent my love for my father.
In Christmas Day, kids will stay with family.
They will change gifts and write new year wishes.
Also, they will make a family meal.
They will make gingerbread house, candy, ham for Christmas Day.
They will make a Christmas tree and put wish for the New Year cards on the tree.
After supper, they will change gifts and read thier own wish for the New Year to each other.
And they will say Merry Christmas loudly.
It surveyed that more than 7000,0000 of chinese people owned private cars.
In big cities, for instance, Beijing and Shanghai, always have the traffic jam in the peak-our, which causes most people are late for work.
What's more, the air is polluted seriously.
The government take some measures in order to solve the problems, which include taxation.
On the one hand, some people would take bus rather private car to avoid paying for taxation.
And people will feel it is incumbent on them to protect the environment, which have great effect on decreasing the air pollution and the traffic jam.
Although some private car owners pay for the taxation reluctantly, it is a good way to control the increase of the private cars.
There is a saying goes: without discipline, there is no method.
I live in China.
To the northwest of my hometown.
There is a beautiful and developed country---Switzerland.
It is situated in the middle part of the Europe.
It is a big country with a population of 7500000 people and a area of 41000 square kilometers.
I have ever visited its capital Beme and famous city Geneva.
Both of their scenery are very beautiful.
I think that this country is more attractive than its neighbor countrys---Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
It is said that people all over the world call Switzerland  the garden of the world  .
But I don't think so.
I think it is the heaven of the world.
Before I left Switzerland.
I bought many watches and food there as gifts to my friends.
Because the watch and food industry of Switzerland is as famous as its chemical industry.
Through my description, do you want to visit this country.
This is a bar chart regarding different modes of transport used to travel to and from work in one European city in 1950.1970 and 1990.
From the bar chart, we can see clearly that more and more people chose car as a mode of transport they liked.
While the utilization of bike and foot began to slow down year by year.
The statistics lead us to an interesting conclusion that most wen to work and travel by foot.
On the contrary, hardly people used car to work and travel in 1950.
After 40 years later, great changes have taken place .
as we can see from the bar chart, the utilization of car speed up , foot and bike has  replaced by car .
From 1970, car has become the most popular mode of transport among all.
In my opinion, the main reason of such phenomenon is the fast-developed economics.
More and more people can afford a car.
It takes less time for them to drive to work.
However, harm comes with convenience, a large number of people can't have a balanced diet on account of bad lifestyle caused by car.
The bad lifestyle brings illness to them like overweight.cancer and so on .
Besides, car will result in air pollution .
It's harmful for both city and citizens .
According to much information of cities pollution from news, we must realize that many cities are facing problems about air pollution, and nowadays governments have to work out many ideas to deal with them.
As we all know, trees can absorb Carbon Dioxide and some other pollutants and release oxygen.
By the way, overmuch Carbon Dioxide, which is produced by automotive vehicles, is the biggest problem of pollution.
As for automotive vehicles, such as cars, buses, lorries and so on, we need them in many ways in our daily life.
As for me, is there a phone it doesn't matter, because the mobile phone has disadvantages.
Just on the phone can check things, however, people will therefore destruction game, cell phone become a tool of playing the game, so that the performance decline.
As for me, occasionally have to do is to playing for a while sleeping, distribute work.
After all, cell phone radiation is big, to play for a long time is bad for your eyes.
So, we should appropriate playing mobile phone.
Nowdays, it's a common phenomenon that students are aguring about academic performance and communication ability.
Some students are favour of the academic performance.
They think that though we are university students, our academic performance is still important.
Reasons are as follows.
To begin with, if we want to have a good job after graduation, it is academic performance that really matters.
Meanwhile, good academic performance can affect the thoughts of other people.
However, other students hold different opinions.
They think that communication ability is more important.
Here are reasons.
Firstly, it is necessary for us to have outstanding communication ability, because we need to survive in the society.
If not , we can't achieve our dreams.
Secondly, if we have good communication ability, we can talk with others more easily.
As far as I am concerned , not only is academic performance important, but also communication ability is useful.
For one thing , it is important that we realize the importance of academic performance.
For another thing, with wonderful communication ability, we can know the society more clearly.
Everyone should more or less take some responsibilities for themselves or for society.
Famous people should be responsible for themselves.
Many people consider some famous people as their idols and imitate what they do.
If the famous people behave well, the people who take them as idols, or their fans, will do what they do and also behave well.
For example, one Chinese famous actor named Chenglong donated a large amount of money during the Wenchuan earthquake to the disaster area.
Just after that, the amount of donating money increased dramatically in a short time.
The research indicated that many of Chenglong's fans made great contributions.
On the other hand, if famous people behave badly, it can bring much negative effect on the ordinary people.
For instance, some film stars often speak ill of others while they may have a good performance or sing well.
In a sense, they should take the responsibility for some teenagers speaking ill of others.
Famous people should show the responsibilities for society.
Famous people often appear on TV and his words and behavivors can produce large effect on the whole society.
When famous people make a decision, they should take the influence of their decision into account.
They should lead people to a modern and civilized society.
Overrall, famous people play a significant role in the society.
As college students, are all keeping mental health.
Because, maintain mental health, can let our rapid growth in terms of interpersonal communication, In our favor and harmless.
Such as, when we meet with difficulties and setbacks will need stable state of mind, have good psychological quality and smooth state of mind, learn to adjust itself.
So, how do we do to have a good heart.
First, we should start from their own, have good ideological and moral, noble moral character.
Second, strengthen physical exercise, because sports is a kind of spiritual and moral character, can exercise our strong in the heart of the world, to sports to infect our weak heart.
Third, we must learn to communicate with people, only not to contact, can further reflect our heart is strong enough.
Fourth, to have confidence in myself.
So, have a good state of mind, is good for everything we do.
Late last month, President Obama and the British prime minister David Cameron announced that the United States and Britain will work together to create a fully operational global space weather warning system.
Forecaster: I forecast space weather.
I create the English study plan.
In the modern world, an increasing of number of people yearn for keeping fit, because a perfect physical quality enables us to enjoy our life.
In the light of the statement of specialists, paying attention to balanced diet is the most straight way to keep good figure and there is no doubt that eating less food for losing weight is the worst form, because it would break the normal working of body.
In the field of mental health, the enough time of rest is significant because the pressure of working or studying can reduce our health.
From the above table, it can be seen that there are a lot of differences about income between American and Chinese students form the table.
Fifty percent of the American students income comes from their parents, thirty-five percent comes from the scholarships and the rest comes from part-time jobs.
Three reasons are responsible for the phenomenon shown in the table.
First of all, American students are more independent than Chinese students, American students are more likely to live on their own.
Secondly, Country's customs play an important role in that.
Chinese parents are more doting on their children.
From what we have seen above, we can safely draw the conclusion that with the development of our country, Chinese students will become independent and their will seek part-time jobs to learn more experience to prepare for their future job.
On the other hand, studying abroad can spread chinese culture.
Not only make more and more plople knowledge chinese culture, but also come backadvanced techinques and ideas.
Last but not least, they can keep in touch with other animals.
You will feel the impact of culture chock.
During the Spring Festival, People usually have a long holiday.
It about seven days.
The whole families will have a big family get-together to eat dumplings on the eve of the Spring Festival for get good luck in the new year.
There are 3 layers of this shelf.
At last, along the hall to the right is the closet and bedroom.
Switerland is situated in the centre of Europe, with a population of 7.5 million and covers an area of 41,000 square kilometres.
Its capital is Berne and Geneva is a well-known city of it worldwide.
A mountain range called the Alps attracts millions of visitors to Switerland from all over the world.
What's more, Switerland is also a industrial country.
As my high school years were drawing to a close, I turned over and over again in my mind the question of whether I should go to college.
Nowdays attending college means a lot to us.
But i did not know whether i would like to attend college or i just do as others do.
For one reason, as college life is the most important growth and mature decisive stage.
We can not only learn something beneficial but also we can take part in all kinds of activities held by various unions.
For another reason, college life benefit a lot to us, it is important to our all life and provide for all round development.
The significant of university is not only to get a degree, more often, university can improve our personality.
Besides, it is a necessary step to a good career.
If only get the degree, can we find a good jib.
Nowadays more and more foreign culture come to existence in China, therefore , some people begin to worry about our own Chinese traditional culture.
However the anxiety of being invaded in culture mustn't mislead us to prevent other culture's circulation in China.
As far as I'm concerned, in us Chinese's mind Chinese culture is always the most irreplaceable, so the essential problem is how we promote it, pushing it into a fashionable way .
In some area, we really make it.
In modern times, we must do some changes not only to keep pace with the current of the word's development but also to preserve our own culture.
This will cause the judgement has the risk, resulting in unnecessary losses.
In China have a saying'Never too old to learn'.
In this question, I think different people may have different idea.
My dream university , I think, is the university I am now studying in.
My dream Is not so great , but I think it is practical.
I am in the university I have ever dreamt.
Southeast University is located in Nanjing.
Its scenery is very beautiful.
Not only its nature beauty but also the people in this university.
I have found that in this University, the majority of activities is hold by classman.
Everyone is kill for many many things.
Study, we all know, is important.
The others, such as your ability of communication , your computer technology and so on.
In this university, the ratio of male and female is 3:1.
This university is major in building.
I am just in this major.
Before I entered university, everyone said that life in university is very relaxed, you have a lot of time to spent by yourself.
But I found since I entered university, I am engaged everyday.
I feel a little tired.
I don't complain about itfor I think this is the real life I want to live.
I think university is just like the battle of the dooms of East Han dynasty.
If you want to succeed, you must be strong enough.
Now Southeast University is aim to be one of the best university in the world.
I believe that one day this university will make it.
I really wish that society is just like university, then we won't bear a lot.
Nowadays, our social developed rapidity, people communicated with others who come from every eare in the world is becoming more and more frequently.
become convenient and shortcut, no matter where they come from, we can contract with them.
In recently years, blog has become very popular.
Firstly, the universal Internet contributes to the popularity of blog.
It is extremely convenient for people to record their thoughts on the Internet anytime and anywhere.
Secondly, unlike the usual websites, the voice of Internet users can be easily paid attention to.
But on blog, people would draw attention to others' opinion and declare their ideas.
Thirdly, blog can protect people's privacy.
As long as they don't disclose their true information, they cannot be known by others about their secrets.
Fourthly, some people use blog following others, like their favorite stars.
However, blog has some problems.
For one thing, the original logs are inadequate and the quality of logs must be improved.
I believe that all of us want to read something wonderful in blog.
For another, many blog contents are in a mess, and some even include unhealthy things.
Although blog is a way for people to affirm their ideas with freedom, it may destroy the Internet environment that some people use a large amount of extreme remarks.
And ie would mislead others' conception and performance.
You will find many mistakes.
Only more practice to improve the ability of your own.
If one day, your English is very good.
Correct your English pronunciation, speak fluent English, improve your communication with others level.
In university, students have more and more pocket money to cost, but they are careful with their money in daily life.
So one of the universal issues that growing concern is that whether people should shop for sale.
On the one hand, many of shopping-center raised the price of goods and then says goods for sales.
But if you know the thing's price before, you can find it is more expensive than before.
In addition, cheap merchandise maybe no good for consumers, they don't have good quality.
On the other hand, students frequently buy something they don't need.
In brief, buying things on sale is not a smart way, truly smart consumer will think about more quality than price when they tend to buy goods.
Everbody are also have a person who they love most, so am I.
Though she ia a bad temper, I still love her .
People always hold different views about the extensive use of e-books.
Many people do not doubt that the e-book is superior to the traditional book, while others believe that the e-book can not take place of the traditional one.
As far as I am concerned, the e-book is a wise option.
Firstly, it is very handy and easy to carry with.
You can put it in your bag and open it whenever you want to start reading.
Secondly, e-books usually have a large storage and several functions.
You can just download the books you are interested in from the Internet and then pour them into the e-book.
There are a variety of choices, such as novels, poems, science fictions and comics.
And the e-book can also be used as a dictionary or a mp3 player.
Last but not least, e-books are considered to be environmental friendly.
They won't contaminate the surroundings and they don't consume much resource of the nature.
Nowadays, E-book is enjoying popularity.
First, e-books are more environmentally-friendly.
Suppose we use e-books as textbooks, we don't need to check out the curriculum schedule every day to decide which books shall we put into school bags, not to mention that we'll never worry about carrying heavy traditional books.
the Duanwu festival, also called the dragon boat festival, The festival is believed to have originated in ancient China .
Today, several explanations exist many origins, however, the most popular one relates to the suicide of Qu Yuan , QuYuan was a loyal and highly esteemed minister, who brought peace and prosperity to the state but ended up drowning himself in a river as a result of being vilified, where the local residents paddled boats out to retrieve his body and scare the fish away,	at mean time the residents are hoping that fishes ate the dumplings instead of Quyuan'body .
Until today, as a celebration of the festival, the dragon boat racing is still practiced, especially in the southern provinces where there are many rivers and lakes, besides, for thousands of years , the festival is also marked by eating Zongzi a dumpling made of glutinous rice and wrapped in reed leaves to add a special flavor, other customs are also observed, including putting healthy herbs in the front door and drinking realgar wine.
Although the essence of the festival might differ from the past, it still offers the observer a chance to have a glimpse of the rich Chinese cultural heritage.
People who suffer from AIDS feel lonely.
Actually this is a kind of misunderstanding.
People are safe to talk to share hands with AIDS, sit side by side, share a book, eat something on the same table, hug with AIDS.
People with AIDS need more care and support to help them overcome the difficulties.
Therefore, we should try to know with AIDS and help them to communicate with people.
Today, with the development of the economy, our environment is becoming worse and worse.
First, we can go to school by bike or on foot instead of by car.
Through the way, not only can we take exercise, but reduce the pollution to the air.
Second, we should use the cloth bags instead of plastic bags when we go to shopping, it can reduce the pollution.
Third, we can plant more trees when we free to make the air more fresher.
Lead a low-carbon life, not only an attitude, but also a duty.
Low-carbon life make our healthy, make our environment much cleaner.
Next , As we know, it's inportant for us to have healthy eating habits.
We should do enough exercise.
And we should have enough vegetablesto keep healthy.
There is no denying that waste and extravagance have become more and more serious in many university campuses nowadays.
Paper, bottles, and cans can be seen everywhere in the campus.
Many students waste food just because they want to keep fit.
The water is left running simply owing to their irresponsibility.
To create an environmental-friendly campus, we, as college students have lot's of things to do.
On one hand, we should make full use of natural resources, for example, we should take second-hand text-books and paper into account.
Some of them can be scratch paper, so that we can reduce much rubbish.
Water and electricity is also vital, so we ought to use them when we actually need them.
On the other hand, we should not only get into the habit of being thrift, but also enhance the awareness of college students that creating a green campus is significant to our life.
Accrodingly, it is necessary for us to take effective steps.
One thing is for sure: Our campus is our home.
People kill the elephant in order to get its ivory; People kill the tiger in order to get its fur; People kill the bear in order to get its paw-These mean that the wild animals will become less and less, and a problem come up, that is  if no business is no killing  .
No business, no killing.
Animals are a part of the natural world as well as human.
We ought to keep the balance of the natural world and not to kill them for money.
Fishes will die without water, plants will die without sunshine, we will die without air.
Suburban life is becoming a fashion in many cities due to the serious pollution of the cities.
The advantage of living in the suburban is obvious: living in the suburban is suitable for fear of noisy people.
And if you living in the suburban, you will get more than you give, also you can make a lot of friendly friends there.
There is no doubt that, choose the suburban life is wise, because of there you can see the blue sky, green trees, colorful flowers, clean rivers, free flying birds and so on.
This morning Mr White received a bluebird Company (Blue Bird Company fax, he thinks the fax is important, so wrote a message to secretary Sarah (Sara).
I'm LiHua from Chenguang High School's Students Union.
In order to have our English listening and speaking sklls improved as well as foster a habit of reading , we get together and join in the meaningful competition with a passion to tap our potential and show ourselves to whoever loves English.
However, there are several points should be paid attention to.
For example, all speeches should be limited to 5 minutes.
Fluency in English and correctly pronunciation is needed, too.
First, as English become international language every one need learn English , so we can communicate with foreign people.
If you choose the first one.
You brought it or just borrowed.
There are some people say that one will not read a book unless it is borrowed.
On the one hand, we can save the book that we have brought.
Then we can read them whenever we intend to read it.
Sometimes, you may feel it was waste money to buy books.
I do not think you need to worried about that.
You can give your children an atmosphere of read.
It will be worth doing and so many families did it.
At the same time, they have their own room for study in their house and the have a lot of books.
We can appreciate it during our free time.
It will be comfortable.
On the other hand, I think we can take some notes in our books.
However, if the book was borrowed, we cannot do it.
As for me, taking some notes in my book will support me recognize the implication of book better.
Taking into consideration all the above-mentioned, we may safely come to the conclusion that people will read book whether it is borrowed or not.
The old saying goes: The book has its own gold room and the book has its own Yanruyu.
but when you repair something.
so you need the book information .
Hainan is my first trip.
We have visited the famous places in Hainan.
The mountains in Hainan are so beautiful and magnificent and the sea is clear.
There were many kinds of delicious foods in Hainan.
I had a good time in Hainan.
others .
The disadvantages as followes.
daily life, which maybe have a bad influence for us.
others in order to get rid of lonely.
If we trust then easily, we may be cheated.
worse, we may be in dangerous.
through the internet.
But there are also many advantages as followes.
easily with those people who come from all over the world.
and makes us learn more.
As for me, I oppose on cyber love.
Ture love is based on the ups and downs of livers in daily life.
is born of beauty in the distance, so ture maybe is illusion .
I do not think there is only one answer to this important question.
However there are some things that a good teacher must do well.
On the one hand, a good teacher shold very patient and enthasiastic to, their students.
In other words a good thacher must do it because today teenage are only-child so they are squeamish, wayward znd diszbedient .
Also he or she should plan her lesson carefully and mustexplain thingsclearly if she want to be a good teacher.
If not the students must have problem when they leam their subjects.
It has been said that Joys shared with others are more enjoyed.
The earth has not changed, and the living space is limited, but the population is becoming more and more, Our world is now overcrowded.
Let me illustrate.
To begin with, one of the problems is the traffic jam.
Morepeople means more private cars.
As we can see in Beijing, if you want to go somewhere, it will cost you hours waiting on the road.
That is really a waste of time.
Another one, large population makes the earth beyond the load.
There are not enough food and drinking water for people, so the number of the refugee is becoming bigger.
The problems caused by overcrowding is serious, but it doesn't mean it can't be solved.
In fact, we have done something positive.
To the traffic jam, we can limit the private car buying, and encourage people to go out by public transport.
To the second problem, the government advocates a family planning program to limit the population.
There is only one earth, the earth is our common home.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
With the development of times, our living standard has rised.
There is a great increase in population.
People bring many issues of environment.
Overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.
It reduces available resources.
People's cutting forests makes land desertification.
What's more, many people don't have access to safe drinking water for lack of water resources.
Facing such serious environmental problems, to solve them, we must take action to protect the environment.
We can plant trees or grass to make air fresher.
It's a good idea to ride a bicycle instead of driving cars.
Age clouded my memories.
Ihave forgotten when I had started to dream about my future life.
I have been dreaming of having beautiful house, it won't require to bebig, but it should be warm enogh.my husband and me are the owmer of the house.
There is a land window to watch to watch the scenery of the outside, and in front of the window , we will set up a swaychair, when sunrise or sunset, we sit side by side, looking the beautiful scenery.
My perfect life , of couse, including my work, I wish my husband and me both have a free job, it not means unsteady, it should be plastic in time and place to savor our life more happily.
And I wish we can earn enough money to privide for our expand.
I don't like do chores, bue if my husband do it toghether with me, I will do my best to make our home clean.
In my perfect future life, the most important thing is a better husband.
He don't need to be handsome , but he must to be turely man who I can talk out my heart to him.
As for me, life in university is pretty interesting.
I especially enjoy the time chatting and playing with my roommates in dorm.
Someone is thought to help a stranger will give yourself in trouble and danger.
Because sometimes see things in the news.
For example, a good intention person to help the stranger that fell down, but a stranger to the man claim medical bills.
Many of these things have happened, it makes fewer and fewer people ready to help others.
This kind of thing is not right.
I think we should help strangers who have difficult, when we have the ability to help a stranger.
Or I will heart uncomfortable.
A year has four seasons: spring, summer, autumn and winter.
Here I want to say spring and autumn.
Spring is the first season of a year and a transition season between winter and summer.
Everything begins to grow in spring.
Flowers bloom and grass grows.
Farmers sow the seeds in spring.
In a word, spring is filled with green, warm, hope and happiness.
Autumn is the third season of a year and a transition season between summer and winter.
Everything fades in autumn.
Leaves fall and flowers wither.
However, to farmers, it's a harvest season.
They are busy harvesting.
The dormitory students often throws our dormitory very dirty, because they have a bad habits, make our dormitory often very dirty, no good feeling to study.
Ideal is a splendid dream .
It can lead you to success and make your deam come true.
You know, Li hua is a smart one in class.
He never wears anything in the way out.
Naturely, he wants to play a role of fashion designer.
As everybody knows, he is senior to draw.
Chang Lili thought she may be a gardener.
Sh is an out-going girl as we all love.
She love plants, especially the lively and beautiful ones.
Chang eagers to approach nature where is the original of the life and soal.
Ma kai is fond of writing.
As a result, he plans to be a writer, in which way he can share briliant story with others.
Sun jun likes to cook green food.
My dream is to become a film maker.
Life is hard and cold while happy and relaxing.
Flim is somthing we hunger for or we want to tell people.
Dreams are awful, exciting and awesome.
Whatever is your dream, just embrace the present and dream your future.
As the saying goes: reading is like travelling.
Is widely acknowledge that education level symboling a nation's progress.
so, Reading is of paramount importance to society.
First, reading is the main process that we acquire knowledge.
About 2 years have passed since I became a middle school student, that means, I have been together with my new classmates for two years.
She is not a tall girl-----in fact, she is nearly shorter.
But the most strange of her look is her hair.
Of course she also has some advantages.
To be a good monitor of our class, especially that most of us are naughty, sunhaichun does her job wonderfully.
she is a happy and smart girl with hundreds of friends and good marks.
she always thinks of others, and spends her privte time working for the class.
she is not a serious monitor, sometimes she can also be crazy.maybe she is tired every , but she never complains about everything.
she only uses her big smile to help other be happy.
Sunhaichun likes Japanese manga best.
In the school, she always talks with others about this.
Nowadays there are more and more ways to get information and learn about so many things.
The reason why people regard reading as most important is that so many people who are great said so.
Well, think about our lives.
When we are looking for some employments the companies try to get someone who is rich in experience rather than who can just read or be a book worm but not really explore.
Also, there is an English saying, If you are not inside a house, you do not know about its leaking.
So thats all my view.
While you focus on reading and try to grasp all the things by it, please realize its quite impossible.
No matter what will happen in our lives.
My favourite book is written by J K Rowling the Harry Potter series.
She was born in 1965, in England.
I love this book because the characters of the book are very brave and clever and it was wonderful words to read.
Now, the Harry Potter series was translated into 65 languages, and it made her become one of the best writers in the world.
People all over the world be came a fan of Harry Potter, especially students.
We can make friends all over the world.
And that is more important.
we'll organize foreign language training for staff who can't speak foreign language.
Because it's necessary for us to improve foreign language and receive a large number of overseas orders.
We'll start our course on November 11th.
First of all, you must be on time.
You'd better dress neatly.
Secondly, when you with him/her, you must look at his/her eyes and listen to them carefully.
Don't look around when you are listening.
What's more, you should answer their questions honestly.
If you are not sure about something , you should say:  I will try my best to do it well  instead of Sorry, I can't  .
For many people, the Internet has become the main source of daily news.
Last, newspaper can avoid trash information overflowing before it published.
And, the paper on the health of people without harm, adoids the adverse effect of the computer radiation.
Winter gets colder and summer becomes hotter and it rains more frequently.
When I have some questions in homework, he can teach me how to answer the questions.
My father take us to go to the park at weekends when he have free time.
The chief manager said:  2 rabbits.
As the saying goes,  chance favors the prepared mind.
Nowadays, compared with staying in the countryside, people prefer getting into the city.
There are several problems which are clear.
Firstly, it is more difficult for people to find a job in a big city.
The situation of employment is becoming serious.
Secondly, with the growth of the population, the crisis of lodgings is happening.
The houses that people living are turning into smaller and the building price becoming more and more expensive.
Thirdly, it leads to crowded.
As far as I'm concerned, the government should take some policies to promote the rural economy.
such as'start an undertaking .
there are so many ways for us to choice instead of dead in one way.
