So selecting a good book makes a lot.
In addition, interst is the best teacher.
When we choose a book we don't like , it's defficult for us to read it over.
In a word, if we want to read , we must select carefully .
Different people have quite different views on group cooperative learning.
It is held by some people that group learning is good.
Those who hold the first opinion think that it can add vanity to classes.
And it is good for the teachers and students exchanging their views and developing Cooperation and collective consciousness.
In contrast, those who hold the opposite view think that is not right.
They argue that someone doesn't participate in activities.
Sometimes, the rules of the cooperative are confused.
As far as I am concerned, I agree with the first one.
Admittedly, this way gives students more chances to show themselves.
Furthermore, maybe they make a mess, it brings them inspiration.
As is vividly shown in the picture, the teacher is giving the student a literature book.
What she tells the student is reading it just like a story book.
The caricature implies a social phenomenon that more and more people begin to ignore the importance of reading literature.
Firstly, the literature is usually written by some famous writers or famous people.
The books impliy some thoughts which are very reasonable.
Secondly, literatue can widen our knowledge and open our eyes.
Thirdly, wo can learn a lot of ways to deal with the problems wo meet in our lives.
Last but not least, the tradition literature books won't do harm with our eyes and health.
In my opinion, we should read more literature books to enrich ourselves and know the history of different countrys.
It's high time that we called on people around us to read together.
It is available and we can do every day.
I arrived in River Beidai at nine o'clock with our classmates and teachers.
nowadays, the computers are widely used all around the world, and it has paly an important part in our daily lives.no matter you recognise it or not, we are more and more rely on computers.
we are too lazy to go outside for shopping, instead of it, we may go for a look and shopping on the internet.
We will have few time to communicate with each oter.
I am glad you can learn English.
It is not difficult to learn English.
First of all, you should listen to the new words in the morning.
Then, you can try to speak the new words aloud every day as much as possible.
In a word, English is very interesting.
I believe you will like it.
Besides, communication is mutual.
After we see this evidence, there is no way we can agree with what they say.
We take in knowledge in the school when we were children.
In the school, we can learn a lot of things, we can also increase our ability to learn.
We should also learn other things such as the character and the quality on the important way of education.
Character education becomes more and more important in the 21st century.
Some parents think their children's character education is unnecessary.
Some parents have their children study hard only to find a job, but they don't know quality is the real thing that a person should have.
If a man who loses quality of honest, he can't succeed in the 21st century.
Wang Li, I'm very happy to know you want to learn Enjlish.
English is very difficult but very interesting.
  But I think time is much more precious than money.
Because if we lost time , we can not find it again.
We can try to work heard to get more money.
I know time connot be won again .
so Iwant to make full use of my time , but when find the TV or the one thing I like I may be break my plane.
I remember that I was welcomed by several sophomores at the gate.
I went through the registration procedures in the hall.
Today learning English is very useful.
I learning English for different reasons.
First: English is very popular in the world.
More and more people use English as a second language.
We should makes me keep up with the trend of society.
Second: I think more 50% people use English in the furture.
So we learning English look as important.
Last: learning English makes me very happy.
Life includes everything that teaches us .
Wherever and whenever we are , we can learn numerous things .
Life has full of experiences .
Growing up from being a kid then into a mature person makes our life create its own chapters as we take challenges , risks , struggles and the bliss after obtaining the fruit of labor .
We learn new and old things from every people we meet , from historical and new-found places, from the modern technology everyday.
We are trained to do our work so that we can become good workers.
We are taught with values and self-esteem.
We get our inspiration from someone we admire, thus we feel influenced, motivated and inspired to do our tasks to impress them or make them happy.
Definitely, life is the best teacher.
It teaches us experiences that we have encountered and will encounter in the future .
Love is an abstract concept, which we can't see or touch but feel it.
Love is so special and precious that anything else cannot compare with, It has a strong power that can changes the world.
No one can deny the fact that nowadays many colleage students prefer to stay at home rather than go out.
As can be clearly seen from the above picture, student study to in front of the computer all day.
Even he was order for dinner .
Althoudh the development of science and technology brought us a great convenience.
But there are several bad influence accounting for the phenomenon reflected in the picture.
First of all, people will lack of social communication and interpersonal communication when they stay at home for a long time.
In addition, it is a bad effect on the health of young people.
Because they stay at home all the day.
Last, they may become very autistic.
It is the most important for school to take some measures .
Those bad habits do serious harm to students.
They may get sick , if they do not get enought sleep.
finish their work on time because of a lot of time being used to play games .
To overcome the bad habits , in my opinion , students must form a good habit.
Nowadays with the development of the society the graduates suffered employment pressure .
In the modern life college student are more ambitious when they graduate they want choose the big city like Beijing Shanghai Guangdong or other big city to find their job instead of the small city .
I felt tired and bored about my past Senior High School days.
As we all know, there are many ways of learning.
And different people have the different way.
Each of the ways has its own characteristic and is great at the same time.
Also, I have some ways of learning ones are good for me I think.
My favorite way of learning is to strike a proper balance between work and rest.
Because it's a healthy style for us.
There is no doubt that leaning is very important for us, so wo should study hard to get satisfactory grade.
So it's very important that we insist on striking a proper balance between work and rest.
Sometimes if we work for a long time, wo should take a rest.
You can listen to some light music to make you relaxed, have a walk in the nearby park, or take a nap.
All in all, take a rest to relax yourself.
Life have many things to prove it.
Learning is a good example , these people who have good result.often are diligent.
A wise man, he doesn't work hard, and just a waste of time, is not going to get good grades.
Physicist Isaac Newton; In the world of chemistry Nobel, master dmitri mendeleev; Radioactive the discoverer of the element Madame Curie.
He had read the entire World Book Encyclopedia by the age of 9.
After his graduation from secondary school, Gates was accepted by three top universities in the USA--Princeton, Harvard and Yale.
He chose Harvard and began classes there.
One of his project was called DOS, short for Disk Operating System, and it was purchased by IBM in 1980.
And now, as CEO of Microsoft, Gates is known as a brilliant man.
In spite of his great wealth, Gates is still humble and ordinary.
He eats in fast-food restaurants and flies economy class.
And when praised for Microsoft's great success, he has been heard to say, All we do is put the software in a box and if people see it in the stores and like it, they buy it.
His attitude plays an important role in my life and I have made an idol of him.
I miss you so badly.
I have got some nice friends around me, it's been so much fun for me to share time together.
One of my best friends is Jindy.
We both are athlete.
So we become the best of friends.
Jindy is a humorous and active girl who always makes me laugh.
Sometimes, she tells a joke for me.
We like playing Chinese chess and watching comedy together in our free time.
She's a lot of fun to be with.
It's necessary to keep friendship in the future.
I treasure something that I keep it and care for it carefully because it gives me pleasure and I think it is very special.
At the same time, he was a leading author .
social activist.
He established the first library and hospital in Phildelphia as a social activist.
In the American Indenpendence War, he helped drafting some critical files and went to France as American ambassador to help to make the indenpendence possible .
As I see it, the healthy body, the thankful heart, a true friend.
It's a very clean and beautiful city with many kinds of flowers and trees.
It was at the top of Marina Bay Sands.
When we got to Sands Skypark, everyone was shocked.
Through the windows, we saw the grand port, the beautiful Gardens by the Bay and nearly the whole Singapore.
What a pity that we couldn't go to the Skypark Infinity Pool.
on the face of it, the answer will be positive.
However, this is not to say that the northerners do not care about the money, but they care more about the face.
As a result, before the beginning of the business cooperation with their friends or relatives, they often show the least concern about the money by saying  you and me, who and who  .
Secondly, the inclination of expression is different between the people from the south and north of china.
Kate, one of my roommates, is a typical northerner.
Even though we have only ten minutes to relax during the recess, she would keep talking all the time and in most cases what she said is just a bunch of crap.
There is a fact that the northerners not only tend to outwardly express their emotions more than the southerner, but also speak in a more direct way.
As a conversationalist, Kate likes to get along with sall kind of people and the people in the north who know her all think that she is a frank and popular person.
However, during the college years in the south of china, she was troubled by her direct way of speaking for most of the classmates from south can not stand it.
In the cases, if i have done the wrong things, Kate will leave no room to piont out rather than keep silent or use euphemism like Lily.
Nowadays the phenomenon that students take phones to school has aroused wild concern.
At first, there are some advantages.
Studets can make use of phones to stay in touch with their family wherever they are.
However, there's no doubt that using phones in class can disturb teachers and have bad efforts on other students.
From another perspective, it's a waste of money or time to chat and send messages by phones.
As far as I'm concerned, as a student, I take it for granted that we should be focused on study instead of playing in class or cheating in exams.
The are many environmental problems in our world.
The population of our world is six billion.
The increase of population is very fast.
If we do nothing to make it increasing slowly.
It will become a horrible problem.
Everything is numbered.
But someone don't care this.
Plenty of the forest was cut down.
The earth don't have the lung, how do we breathe.
We need water, the shortage of water resources is a problem.
So the government must devised proposals to deal with air pollution.
When it comes to my internship, I think it is boring.
For one thing, I realized my own shortcoming.
For example, fire fighters more excellent than me on the physical and operation.
For another thing, I learned very useful skills.
Such as they taught me how to use the generator and cutting machine.
As the proverb puts it, happiness consists in contentment.
Put it in another way, only when we are satisfied with what we now possess can we feel happy.
To begin with, happiness stands between greed and contentment.
Apparently, Greed, not happy.
On the contrary, someone who always appreciates what he gets, he will absolutely live a happy life.
To continue with, many a person take the rich life as their happiness criterion.
Unfortunately, life can't cater for anbody'needs.
As the pursuit of money is endless, no one can be really happy if their unsatisfied with their current life.
Finally, lower you demand, job, family, friends and anything else, be contented and appreciated.
Recently, a large number of people including students prefer new ways of consumption such as group-by deals to save money.
To start with, being careful with money is a virtue that can always benefit from people.
That's will do a lot of help from all over the world especially when the economic condition is not very good, it's much harder to make money before.
So group-by is an excellent way for most people to save money.
What' more, it is convenient for people to book in advance and we do not need to spend too much time waiting.
Thank you for your letter.
Second, Delivery date two weeks too late than a predetermined date.
There are mang requirements in colleges and universities for students to evaluate their teachers.
It means students can appraise both teaching methods and individual characters of their teachers.
Students' respect for teachers is important.
However, it also caused mang disputes.
Some individuals disapprove it.
They think there would be have unfair on teachers.
Students evaluations may be based on prejudice.
If he like one teacher more not because of teachers' teaching methods but personal friendship.
Some others think studengts do not know the standard of evaluate their teachers.
It is more effectiveness to evaluate one teachers by the other teachers.
They know how well the teaching methods and subjects.
I think it's necessary for school to require students to evaluate their teachers.
Students can evaluate what they want to learn in a course .
And teachers can clear know what they need to change and improve.
The day when peter leave, his mom said  remember to care of yourself.
Not all knowledge get from books , for example when you are cooking the book can just tell you what need you do, but we always sum up the exerience of puting seasoning or salt .
But when you are writing homework(especially the Math) , the books will tell you the principle or formula.
Now you see that there are different situations for the knowledge get.
anyway, sometimes you need to combine those together.
when you go to climb the mountain, and you done that before, that will needs you experience : last time i did not get the warm cloth, i need to bring it this time.
After the sports meet, the national-day have come, and this day is the longest hoilday.
This hoilday is very cold, so I almost stay at home.
The last few days of the hoildays, my parents take me to Alashan.
Alashan is desert densely distributed region in China.
There are many people.
They came from all parts of the country.
We saw the beach sports utility vehicle match.
It's very cool and excite.
Then we went to North Temple, the temple sits on the hill, during the road, scenery has ethnic flavor.
I think it's holy.
When I reached the top, I am very tired, but my parents was calm, they told me I need to exercise.
In the evening, we went to my grandparents'home.
I have a big family, we ate dinner togther.
I hope time can stay at this time.
Today, l am glad of a foreign friend will come my hometown.
ln my eyes, my hometown is a beautiful place.
lt has the scenic spot of Tianzhu mountain and the waterfall.
So l can take him to play in some place.
There are a lot of delicious food in my hometown.
for example, l can take him to eat tofu and barbecue.of course, l must take him to eat food of my mother cooking.
My school day is very busy.
It is useful.
In addition, I usually go to school by bike.
It is no denying that the way is good for my health.
When I get to the school, my busy day is start.
I need to learn a lot of subjects such as maths, physics, chemistry, history, English and so on as well as a lot of homework to do.
After schol, I do not go home immeditaly and I like playing basketball with my classmates.
When I back to home I have to do my homeworrk.
I'm delighted to tell you that I'm spending my time taking part in the Chinese and western cutural communication in China.
I'm lucky to celebrate the Spring Festival with my host's family.
We go to visit plenty of places of interest and watch Peking Opera.
It's also very enjoyable to taste delicious food in Bejing and learn about Chinese history.
Now I live in my Chinese friend's home.
We study, talk and do sports together, just like we are sisters.
I love the life here and everything here impressed me a lot.
I am a student from Yang Zhou University, I have been here over one year .
This is to certify Susan Hobson lady who is worked for my office secretary up to two years.
She is an honest women, willing to work for us.
When she was work, she worked hard everytime.
As is known to us, when Spring is coming near, it will bring vigor and vitality.
Everything in this warm season begins to revive.
There is a beautiful picture in our eyes.
In contrast to spring, there is a depressed in autumn.
The trees and flowers are falling, which make people feel like the life going with the fallen leaves.
And the temperature is down with an autumn rain, so people have to take more clothes.
Maybe most people like spring superior to autumn, but to the farmer, no matter what is spring or autumn, they are busy with their field, where they can harvest.
Different ideas flooded our mind.
Though both helps strangers and not help strangers have advantages and disadvantages .
For another.
As every coin has two sides.
There are people that are against the idea.
As far as I'm concerned, I think help strangers is better as helpful is the traditional virtue of the Chinese nation We should do right thing.
Carry forward the virtue.
The study is student's duty all the time .
Only in this way, we can be confident to deal with any exam .
Now I find a time-table is able to arrange everything well .
After class, we can take an active part in a great variety of clubs .
As we know, part-time jobs have become a part of college life .
As the saying goes Giving is receiving  , volunteer is the best choice to enhance us .
To be honest, job market is in poor condition .
When it comes to the death penalty, a variety of death methods occur to us .
I admit that all sorts of penalties for criminals existed in ancient china .
It has been argued for a long time .
Many people claim that the criminals deserve the severe punishment .
In the first place , in the light of human civilization , the death penalty goes against the progressive trend .
From the time primordial , people had no regard for human life .
They ended others' lives who had made mistakes with the cruel and heartless methods .
We treat them as the savage people .
Nowadays, If we insist the death penalty , what's the difference between the educated and the savage people .
Last but not the least, death penalty totally infringes upon human rights .
People are afforded to life equally on the world .
The purpose of it is to cut the rates of crime, but there is no obvious effect on the reduction .
Nowadays, some of the sweethearts in the college get married.
In my opinion, the college is the place of studying.
It is a place where the dream will come true by trying again and again .
Once the lovers become a couple, they must devote more efforts to their family.
Compared to the studying, the life every day seems to be more important.
Meanwhile, the students in the college are so young.
In addition, I think that the life of them isn't stable.
When they graduate from the college and go into the society.
They will face many problems, such as the place of working and living , and it is the problems that have a terrible effect on their matrimony.
Above all is my opinions.
It is also the essential time before I face the College Entrance Examination.
To begin with, keeping a balanced diet is the key to building up my body.
Fresh fruit and vegetables contain plenty of vitamins.
On the other hand, outdoor activity is an important ingredient of affecting my learning efficiency.
Do not be concerned about the present and the future is in your hand.
with a motto from American dreams in China  called seek the victory in failure, and seed hopes in despair.
Nowadays, there exists an increasingly serious social problem: Excessive Packaging.
Packaging's funcion is just in order to keep the goods clean.
For one thing, people like buy some excessive packaging goods to give their friends and relations.
Because many excessive packaging goods are very elegance and beautiful.
For another, the manufacturers want to earn money.
As for me, excessive packaging is a kind of pollution and make a lot of refuse.
I think our government should manage market.
I was born in a small town, from then there will be a heavy burden on my parents's shoulder.
My father, a grocer, had been under the financial pressure for several years.
I was the one of three children for my parents, as I have two sisters, an old one and a young one.
When I was in a primary school, my mom prepares breakfast before I awake every morning.
But at that time, even a good bye I didn't say when I left for school.
I still remember one day that I fight with others and braked the slide.
I was scolded by my teacher, and I was afraid of my dad's scold.
To my surprise, he didn't blamed me.
As I grew up, my parents get older and older.
There are more and more wrinkles on their skin, and there are more and more white on their hair.
I am adult now, I'm still young, but most of my parents' youth devoted to my growth.
You raise me up, so I can stand on the mountain.
Somebody think cars are good for us.
Firstly, cars are very conveniencing for us.
They are not only saving the time, but also becoming a tool for riding instead of walking.
In addition, we can travel whenever, it's a good thing for many persons .
Besides, they has made a great progress in the science and technology.
Of course, some people disagree with it, they think it's bad for us.
For example, they has been used much oil.
The oil became less and less, and we need find new energy to replace the oil.
What's more, they are polluting the environment.
The air has became worse and worse.
In my opinion, the cars have dual character.
Although we need use it, we also need protect environment.
It's such a difficult choice for me.
We aim at study and we have a clear objective, that's to get access to university.
Though it's hard and tired, We need to get up early in the morning and go back to the bed late in the night, our parents keep nagging us and we are always worried about our grade, but everyday is full and meaningful.
Compared with high school, the university life is more colorful, free but complex.
Though we can do anything we like, but we don't know whether it's right or not.
We will be in danger if we are not so careful.
In addition to this, the relation between people gets complex, we can't identify which one is our friend, people are lacking sincerity.
That's my opinion, maybe it's a bit subjective, maybe it's because I am not mature enough, But I choose high school life as my prefer.
At the same time, I hope I can have a right direction in my university life.
As we know, frustration is a part of life and it also give some challenge to people.
So, frustration can not only enrich people's lives but also build people's confidence.
But most college students are short of the ability to face the frustration.
For example, some college students can't pass the exam, they usually give up the course or sleep in the class.
Except that, many college students are the first time away from home, all things only rely on themselves.
If meet some difficulties, they may complain and don't think of some ways to deal with.
In my opinion, many college students are the only child in their family, parents prepare everything for them.
In order to reduce phenomenon, I think school should develop student's independence and studens should learn how to deal with frustration.
It can help students whether in learning life or future life.
Parents should encourage their child to do more things by themselves.
Now University campus, being late, leave early, absenteeism is a commom phenomenon.
Ensure the attendance of students on university education has a great importance.
Ensure that students arrice on time, can effectively improve the academic achievement of students.
In fact, it is very important for the students to attend their classes.
First, attending classes regularly is a way of showing respect to your teachers.
your teachers will feel bad if the students do not attend their classes, which, in turn, will affect their teaching and be no good for the students.
I usually stay up late.
I often play computer games.
I use the Internet every day.
She says it is good for my health.
Benjamin Franklin said: Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen, as by little advantages that occur every day.
Then, what should we do for it .
Now, many young people use up their money very month.
They are called  The Moonlight Clan  .
One the one hand, Some people hold the view that this is the fashionable concept of consumption.
As far as I'm concerned, it is not wise to spend all money without saving.
For example, if you were ill, when you need much money at that time, you could not take up so much money to pay the medicine.
To my credit, it is necessary to save some money very month, with which, you can buy some expensive things and donate some to charity.
In addition, it is hard to make money, so we should use it economical.
The more money we have, The less money we can get from parents.
When I was a little boy, I was always taught by my father.
As soon as I am getting older, although my father does not always teach me the tips for lives, he begins to lead my way to how to be a triumphant man .
and I am always patient to listen to him.
people always say that father is a mountain.
Originally, life is not an easy task, but Willian E, Hoy made it wonderful and colorful.
On may 23,1862 Hoy born in a farming family in Houckstown, Ohio.
When he was a baby, his family lived a tough life.
Sometimes, things can be worse.
In 1865 He became deaf when he was four years old.
Because of his disease, he delayed the time to go to school, until 1872 he at-tented the''Ohio School for the deaf''in Columbus and learned to play baseball.
In 1880 he graduated and started playing semi-professional baseball, at the same time, he had to work as a shoe maker to support his family due to poverty.
After six years training, he became a consummate player and began playing professional baseball for Wisconsin of the Northwestern League in 1886.
In 1888, he started as an outfielder with the old Washington Senators, and then became the Senators leading the hitter due to his outstanding performance, and also invented arm signals.
In1903, he attented the last ball game because of serious injury, and played for Los Angeles of the pacific Coast WinterLeague.
On the day of the match, he couldn't see ball clearly because of thick fog.
However, he managed to catch the ball, and at last Los Angeles won the pennant.
From 1904 to 1924, he led an easy life.
He run a dairy farm near Cincinnati and took 4 and 10-mile walks several mornings.
The U.
What's more, as for the rising trade deficits, the growth of foreign production capacity has played a major role as well as the appreciation of the U.
I am a responsible newspaper.
Now we need to think of the students as an English version of the editor.
The job mainly includes two parts: one is to Choose articles from English newspapers and magazines and the Internet for students.
We hope that he could meet the following requlrements: first, he is Willing to devote spare time to the students' service.
First , he is very kind and awalys give a simle for everyone.
I think it is good to get along with.
Then, I am carlessness, I am easy to make mistakes, so, he always points out my mistakes and encourges me to deal with them, he is always caring and thinks himself little.
When I have diffcults to do, I oftencan see him.
He also is good son for his parents, he is a good helper at home and do housework on weekends, so, I need to do the same things.
Mr Gorky said: books are the ladder of human progress.
Currently, cohabitation without lay permission become more and more common in our society, especially in the saint campus.
Different people have different points on this phenomena.
Some people look down on those students cohabiting.
Because they think college students are only pure consumer and the only aim for them is to study and get their diploma when graduation, they should spend much time on their study.
Some people think college students are adult already , they can face every question.
Everyone has different points, such as strict and unsmiling, tend to be angry when the students make mistakes.
I think a good teacher is rich in konwledges.
Maybe he likes to give students a lot of tests, because it can make them progress.
But he isn't very strict and unsmiling.
The chemistry teacher at my Junior High is a man, His method of teaching is nothing like that of other teachers in my school.
While others don't think so.
In my opinion, I think it is harm that university students are used credit card.
Firstly, I believe that some university students dip into their purse and loss of self-control on the shopping.
such as buy some electronic products and brand clothing.
Secondly, university students don'have a formal job to repay the money.
Some students usually overdraft , but they have no ability to repay the money.
And then the banks will lead to some loss.
At the same time, students will loss credit on the banks.
We should know that if we don't repay the credit account in time, and we will get a bad credit record which will have an adverse impact in our future.
As far as I concerned, I think credit cards are harm for university students.
To charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons by the management can be seen as a response to the problem of hustle and bustle in tourist spots.
Sad to say, this policy has turned out to be widely accused, combined with lots of complaint and questioning about what in the world the value of tourist resorts.
From my prospective, the policy of charging higher entry fees during peak travel seasons looks far less like a solution to the problem, more like a big mistake made by relevant officials.
Over the past years, all kinds of unfairness and discrimination have been severely condemned or made illegal.
But one insidious form continues to thrive: unfairness for sake of the so-called public interest.
The tourist minister claims that charging more fees during peak travel seasons is helpful for controlling the over rushing tourists and protecting the environment.
No clear-cut distinction can be drawn between overcharging the poor and prohibiting them from enjoying the beauty created by human beings as well as the nature.
That does not mean the less rich people can not afford the ticket, but it does mean that it adds extra but meaningless burden to them.
Tt is a shame that the less wealth is overfunding the quest for the beauty while underfunding the reach of it.
Although some argument in favor of charging higher entry fees during peak travel seasons are telling, the fact remains that this can not solve the problem completely.
The real problem is not rooted in the visitors' misbehaviour or the vulnerability of the nature scenery, but in the less equipped operation by the tourist government.
To charge higher entry fees during peak travel seasons is far less than a fundamental solution to deal with the complex problem revealed in the tourist spots.
Nobaby knows.
We can't predict our future.
So something of good or bad always occurs unexpectedly.
In my mind, the most unforgettable experience, it occurred three years ago.
In that year, I graduated from high school.
Because nothing to do in the house, I worked for a shop near my county.
A day, I was working, suddenly, my mother called me and give me a very bad news that was my uncle has got the serious disease and was being in hospital.
All of the relatives have arrived on the scene.
I stood there and didn't know what I could do.
(My ID has been lost before I took part in the MET.
Under my uncle's help, I got the chance to participate in the MET) However, now.
The first time, I felt that the death was so close to me.
After two days, my family still felt sorrowful for my uncle's death.
However, bad news was continuing.
I was sent in hospital.
And the doctor said that I had the acute appendicitis.
When I laid on the surgery bed, I realized that the disease was so terrible.
It could kill a person completely.
Because he has left forever.
Statistics show that recently there have been more and more people moving in cities.
give some possible solutions to them.
First, the government should take strong measures to avoid violence between students no matter they come from urban or countryside.
It's necessary for us to change our belief that more children, more fortune.
that is wrong.
Second, we can encourge people to live in the country by investing more money in those remote areas, only in this way can we improve our living standard in cities.
Francis Bacon once said, Reading makes a full man; conference makes a ready man; and writing makes an exact man.
There is an undeniable fact that the economic globalization brought the scientific globalization to the whole world.
Several years ago, we stepped into the age of information which becomes an irresistible trend.
At the same time, Internet technology helps produce e-book.
In our daily lives e-book becomes more and more popular with people in a very short time.
On one hand, e-book leads the fashionable trend with its advantages.
E-book readers are very thin , like a magazine, and can store hundreds of titles on a device.
What's more, e-book is smaller than most paper books.
So it is quiet convenient for us to read e-book at any time , at any place.
That said, e-book will be the next ten years of a great revolution, it will completely change people's lives.
On the other hand, e-book has its limitations.
First, it is harmful to us to read e-book on the mobile phone for a long time because of the radiation.
From my point of view, though it is in a foreseeable period of time, e-book is impossible to replace the paper book.
But I hold that e-book is a necessary in the future.
At the age of information, e-book is available and convenient for us, and so that it can save our time.
In this term , i join the club of grade four english training , this club is very interesting .
i hope you will be a member of us .
Spring Festival is the most impotant festival in China from thousand years to today.
Before Spring Festival, people alway prepare to the festival.
We make lots of traditional good at the appointed day, for example, we make special candy and eat it before Spring Festival.
During Spring Festival, we visit our friends and relatives.
We say  happy new year  .
Spring Festival is not only the time bu also a chance that make us get together.
There is a saying reading a good book is same as owning a good friend  .
Like these people who makes friends in everywhere, some people prefer to reading extensively.
They say no matter what the type of the book, no matter where I find it , the only thing I considering is wether it interests me .
Reading more , knowing more , that's what i want.
However, there as some critical voice, from which reading selectively people.
They believe life is too short to read every book.
So they just choose some typical books.
In my opinion, reading is a happy experience.
Due to this, what we need is just follow our heart, read what we are truely interested in.
Hello everyone.
Switzerland is situated in central Europe and the capital of Switzerland is Berne.
The Switzerland measures 41000 square kilometers and 7.5 million people lived here.
In addition, Switzerland has a famous city which called the watch country  , Geneva.
Switzerland is called the garden of the world, because the scenery of Switzerland is pretty beautiful and the environment is clean.
Switzerland and its neighbours Australia, French, Italy and Germany are developed countries.
Watch, chemical and food industry in Switzerland are the most developed.
Not only the cities in Switzerland are great, but also the people in here are friendly.
They love nature and protect animals.
Switzerland is a civilized country, our country can learn form it.
At 8:30, he will get up, and then brushing and washing.
He plan to write the homework carefully at 9:00-10:30.
At 10:30-11:30, he device to do exercises in the park.
At 13:00-15:00, he will have the computer lesson and the English lesson .
At 18:00, he will have a little supper.
At19:00-20:00, he will search for the information on the Internet and watch his favourite TV progremm.
At 20:30-21:00, he will put things away.
There are four people in my family, father mother sister and l.
We are very happy.
also my parent are peasent , my father told me to study hard.
He hopes after the college enterence examization.
We can get a good achievement.
In the future we can get a good job.
My father is introvert but my mother is outgoing.
they love eavh oyher .
in the summer it was hot, father went to do farm work.
but he can not my mother go .
Nowadays, some workers get up early to work and sleep early.
While some others get up late and work until night.
Firstly, getting uo early contributes to bringing us fresh air.
If we get up at 6 o'clock, we can breathe fresh air at the beginning of a day.
This may give us good emotion to start new work of a day.
Secondly, memory works better in the early morning.
As students, we have a lot to recite or remember, which demands our good memory greatly.
Thirdly, getting up early leaves us more time to work.
Given that I get up at 6 o'clock everyday, then there are 18 hours left on a whole day.
Generally speaking, getting up early is a better choice than getting up late while working until midnight.
A man lives in computer , he is opening him large mouth , spits two bombs .
After saw this picture, I have known that online rumors very harmful .
They are as follows: Firstly, online rumors can make a bad affect to national security, it can disrupt social order .
Scondly, online rumors can make people's heart frightening.
Thirdly, online rumors disruptsminors heart, makes them lose the ability to distinguish between right and wrong.
that is very harmful to monors'growing.
Because there are so mang online rumors harmfulness , sowemust take measures to solve this problem.
Firstly, gover should take measures to for online rumors.
They can teach people to learning how to distinguish online rumors.
National Day Holidays is coming soon.
As is known to all .
China.
I know most of the students design to away from school.
Because they want to spend these time to go outside.
Some people go outside for fun.
For example, they go to another city .
Or choose go home to spend their time with their family.
But not all students think so.
They think holidays is a chance to improve themselves.
continue study at school or work part-time to earn money or travel around Nanjing.
My program is going to chengdu for travel.
And I'm planning to visit others historical sites.
For example, food﹑water and energy are shortage in many places.
Second, the traffic is crowded and the houses are not enough as well in many big cities.
get a job.
Now.
Let me tell you why .
Because the products designed by china were so boring, no impression, no creative .
To be chinese, it is very sad to see that present situation.
Be a designer , the happiest moment is to see the pruducts designed by you which are uesed by everybody, your products can make people feel happy .
I studied with my Chinese friends and we also do some sports together.
I visited many famous Chinese scenic spots which impressed me deeply , such as the Forbidden City and the Summer Palace.
I was very interested in Peking Opera though I could hardly understand some of the actor's dialogue.
I also learned about the history and culture of China.
This is the first Chinese Spring Festival I'v ever spend.
I enjoy the life in china, not only because the scenery and the food, but also the friendly people.
As we were children, we always said that Mother's Love is the greatest in the world.
Now I also think so.
Though my mother is nearly 50 years old, she is beautiful and tender.
In my memory , my mother is kind and patient all the time.
She ofen gives someone who is faced with diffcult things a hand.
I have a big family.
But when we come bake home from school together on weekends, she always try her best to make delisious food for us .
No matter how tired she is, she is willing to do anything for us but she never complaints.
In that my father was often out of home before, my mother not only cared for us but also went in for farming.
As I was growing up, I began to uderstand her and study hard every day.
My mother do so much for us that we have none in return.
The only thing I can do is studying hard.
I love my mother, so I will do the same things for her one day.
Family education is very crucial to us.
A kid is a gift from god for their parents, and for a kid, the family education could influence his whole life.
It is a person said:  Successful family education the success of child, failure tutoring make children  .
Doublemint was launched in the U.
In 1914 and has since become one of the world's best-selling chewing gums, enjoyed by generations of consumers worldwide.
Blog is a platform which people can write down everything within the law, for example: some reactions to a book or an article, or experience and some photos during travelling.
When people write something, their friends or other people can read it, understand information about the blogger immediately.
As we can see the picture, a group of people gathered together to have dinner, but when host took food to the table, the rest of people have concentrated on their phone or laptop as if the delicious food not existed.
Nowadays, with the development of new technology, it has brought a great influence on people's life, some people think the new technology has brought lots of conveniences to the society, However, other people hold the oppsite idea that technological devices has brought neglect impact on the society.
First of all, people really have been benefited from the new technology.
Neverthelss, people has over depend on it, just like the picture.
even if people sat together, they have addicted to their technological devices instead of talking to other people, How sad it is.
In the second place, I think people do most things on the technological devices, for example, more and more people prefered reading on the internet to going to the library.
i think it's the most disadvantage of new technology.
you cannot learn some really important thing on the internet, although it can provide huge resources, and read books is the heritage of chinese culture.
Last but not least, the new technology made people alienated from each other, people paid a lot attention to it.
for example, people downloaded a lot of chatting applications on the phone, and they talked to eacn other on it.
In order to protect wild animals , the famous film star Jakie Chen, who takes a photograph of advertisement about it.
In an advertisement , there is a saying that touch me deeply , No business, No killing.
Actually, For the sake of getting rhinoceros' s horn, the people kill the rhioceros; For the sake of getting tigers' skins and tigers' bone, the people kill the tiger ; For the sake of getting bear's palm, the people kill the bear; For the sake of getting turtle's rind, the people kill the turtle and so on.
In order to protect wild animals, some of acknowledge people make a great efforts on it.
Therefore, protecting wild animals is crucial.
Weare not only forbid running restaurant but also forbid catching and killing.
What's more , It is necessary that we should punish the people who have a dreadful habit of eating wild animals .
Of course, as the same time with punishing the customers ; we must taking a strong stance against the poacher , too.
As a college student , we should develop a correct value system , we should try our best to persuade the people who have a bad habit of eating wild animals .
Maybe what we do is not enough , but as long as we strive with the people around us together , the world will become more and more beautiful .
I am a preparation meeting of college students in school , our school will need to open a metting , about 100 people , the need for a large conference rooms and four small conference rooms, meeting time for two days.
Some students believe listening test should be canceled because in the test every where's effect are differen so its not fair.
Later, the black sky was lightened by lots of fireworks with colorful light .
We also began enjoyed fireworks.
At aboutt 12 o'clock, I made a wish in New Year.
Then I began to sleep.
This is my happiest time of the year.
Nowadays the excessive packaging of goods become very common.many companies wrap their goods with kinds of bags, boxes, and different baskets.
The reason for excessive packaging include of follow cases.
the nice packaging can let their goods looked beautiful.
many people have an idea that the good purchasing equal to quality.
but sometimes we would pay more attion to their beutiful packaging without care the good's quality.
First of all we should let people know the disadvantages of excessive packaging .
Spring festival is the most important traditional festival in China.
Before Spring festival, people usually clean their house and buy many foods.
They also decorate their house.
On the eve of the Spring festival, people often have the gteatest dinner together.
They set off fireworks after dinner, and then they don't sleep until tomorrow.
During the festival, people visit their relatives and friends.
Parents' love is greatest.
However, children often neglect their parents' love or take it for granted.
There is a common phenomenon that we often say thank you to a stranger.
This phenomenon demonstrate that we are strict with our relationships, moreover are kind with unfamiliar people.
Parents give us too much love from we were born.
On the contrary, if we do housework at home, we often ask for reward.
In short, we should learn the skill which can sustain our love forever.
The skill is saying thank you to familiar people frequently.
Long long ago, there was a little boy born in a poor family.
His parents died in the war.
After he grows up, he became a doctor, after met a lot of life and death to leave.
He thought that human's life is so fragile.
His destination is Africa.
Then he departures his hometown for 20 years.
In the 20 years, he tried his best of saving people's lives to let the number of deaths decreased.
And he declined all the returns.
Day by day, he was getting older, can't like a young man to help people anymore.
On the day he came back, he hugged by everyone.
About this story, I want to tell everyone that no one is special.
We are identical.
This is to check details for an event next week.
My father thought a moment and said I calculated that it couldn't.
Hello, everyone, my name's Liu, I'm a sophomore now.
Nearly two years ago, I participated in an extremely important exam, means college entrance examination.
I had been a hard-working student before I went to high school, and I was admitted to the best high school in my city, all of my family believed that I was surely to enter a key university.
But I failed, because of my laziness and degradation, I sunk to nearly the last of the whole grade at the first semester of senior two.
Until then I realized that I couldn't act the fool anymore, I had to continue studying, I should be responsible for my future.
After my effort I made much progress, maybe it was a little late, I didn't went to a key university finally.
I love basketball best, although I don't play it well, I enjoy watching NBA, it's filled with passion.
My favorite NBA star is Carmelo Anthony, he is so handsome, so cute, so strong and I really take a fancy to him.
OK, let me tell you about my family.
I'm in a three-people family, my father, my mother and I.
My mother is a teacher, she teaches Chinese in a professional school.
My father is a police , I admire him so much.
Once my dream was being a police, I thought it was very handsome, but I found it was so busy and so dangerous gradually, I gave it up.
I come from Heilongjiang province, northeast of China, it's very far from Shanxi province.
This is the first time I leave home for another place.
To my surprise, I don't miss hometown so much, but I really miss my parents.
I still will be bachelordom.
I will enjoy the freedom.
When I was a child, I want to go around the world, such as Paris London the Dutch town, those is all my love places.
Nowadays, it is more and more clear that there are many differences between college and high school study .
In that many may perform well at high school , but badly at college; while others may be seen as common at high school, what's more no way for their future but do well in their study at college.
First, the method of studying must be changed, when in high school, one have so rich time to concentrate on his courses , yet, the situation has been changed at college, one must think as much as he can to adapt to the college study.
Second, teachers are the major roles in one's study, but at college the role is the student himself.
And students hold different attitude on it.
The reasons are as follows: Firstly, we can access information via the Internet and broaden one, s horizous.
Secondly, we can communicate with friends and share with them.
However, some students hold negative attitude on using the Internet.
And it, s bad to our eyes if we use the Internet frequently.
I think it has disadvantages andadvantages.
If you can control yourself and use the Internet to do something which is good for our study.
Today, the busy life and work make us under pressure.
There's nothing more important than having a healthy life.
But proper stress will work for you and turn into a pushing force behind your struggle.
I will make some example about how to resolve the conflict between work and health.
First, you should learn to relax in the fact of your stressors.
Second, you should be realistic and keep your lines of communication open.
Third, make time for self-renewal.
I usually live a happy life, but sometimes have some trouble either.
Nowadays, more and more people confront a big problem, live in the city or live in in the country.
At first, If we live in the city , we have good education , good hospitals , and, the traffic must very convient .
but in the other way, we have many environment problems, such as, the air pollution, the water pollution.
As far as I'm concerned, I like live in the country, althrough there are a little work chance, but, I think there are many advantages for live in the country, For example, in the country, the air is fresh, the water is clear, the traffic is good, the people are very friendly and so on.
As we all know that Lunar New Year has long been the most essential cultural celebration on the Chinese calendar.
The first step is clearance.
We will per-pare it for two weeks.
Then, the next step is doing new year shopping.
To be honest, I enioy doing new year shopping with my mother extremely much.
We buy a slew of food , such as candy , fruits , cookies and so on.
The third step is getting a haircut and new clothes for the new year, we buy many new and beautiful clothes for our family members.
In our country, there also have a special convention , which is picking pommel leaves to boil with the water, and use it to take a bath.
Finally we will have a big feast with our family member in the Eve of the Lunar New Year, we eat the delicious foods and share the happy things with each other.
Spelling is very important in learning English.
We should know enough words.
First we should practice English every day.
When learning a new word, you should keep it in mind.
In everyday life the wrong spelling will bring a lot of trouble.
In the future study work life brings the problem.
Immediately find the words you don't have to look for.
If we to know more, we can know more.
We Learn to be able to pass an English dictionary.
And we can internet access to more.
Listen to the radio in the morning.
Multiple dictation, More practice.
To change this affairs and make students pay attention to spelling when learning English, there are several measures.
First, teachers should think highly of spelling, and then make studnts pay attention to it.
Second, spelling can become an important point in exams.
After all, exam is very important to a student.
The spelling is important.
She is a beautiful woman.
Nevertheless now she lost her curly hair.
One day, when she fell asleep in a deeply night.
Next day, when she woke up.
A grass which appeared in her dream was beside her.
She ate this grass and her hair grew fast.
I am writing to inform you that the foreign language training will be started on Fridqy.
Our company has won a large export order, so we should speak the foreign language fluently.
I went to the Beijing when I was 14 years old.
the Great wall is very wonderful.
I am looking forward to next trip.
It is the behavior that human being.
We always intend to realize why.
We should protect curiosity instead of limiting it.
Curisioty is the source of creation.
On the other hand, curiosity is dangerous.
We should remind ourselves that being too curious can be dangerous.
We ought to take a good way to lead our curiosity.
Taking into account all these things.
As a student, a new semester stands for a new start which contributes to the next journey of my learning.
  So I will work hard to improve my level of English.
I will also pay more attention to the breaking information at home and abroad.
For example, many Chinese are holding demonstrations for these days, which express their indignation and resentment of the Japanese occupation of our territory(Diaoyu Islands).
As a young patriot, we absolutely do not allow such a thing-Japan has ever invaded our country-from happening again.
This is my plan for the new semester.
I am ready for it.
There is a controversial issue about whether formal examination is out of date.
Opinions vary greatly on this issue.
Some people deem that formal examination is served to crame teaching, and students were exposed to books, students did not have a positive access to study .
Therefore, they intend to in quest for a another form of examination, and tend to American's.
By contrast, other people argue that we need to remember that in the long history of human education, testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.
As far as I am concerned, formal examination is not out of date till now.
As is known to us, guilty points to someone who has committed crime .
To some degree, it means violating the law directly.
What's more, only meet the conditions of the crime , in this case, the authority can convict somebody of crime.
Actually, before being condemned, the authority is supposed to collect crime solicitation.
However, if the authority dose not have any evidence to prove one's guity, then, according to the law, the person who is suspected dose not have guilty.
In short, our nation is democratic and everyone is equal in the law.
I am seeing your questions.
Don't worry.
It's natural to forget new words.
First, I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your room.
Don't forget to use them as much as possible.
What's more, you can find some English stories to read.
It's a good ways to remember a lot of vocabulary and get to know a lot about the world through reading.
Watch and listen several times and guess the meaning of the new words.
Each time you will learn something new.
Such as Boxfishi, Shanbay and so on.
These are my ideas.
In general, we pratice after reading because we want to know it is right or wrong.
Through careful practice, we can enjoy the beauty of environment and hunman and develp our skills.
Pioneer helps us decide our direction and offers perfect way to our life .
Worker has experience and can tells us what is a perfect way in future if we do the same thing .
My hometown is Guigang which is one of the cities in Guangxi Province .
My hometown is located in the south of Guangxi Province and along the Yu river.
Guigang has a total area of10,596 square kilometers.
And it was home to 474 million people .
Its native language is Guigang language .
Guigang boasts plentiful sources , such as Gibb-site , coal , iron and so on.
Guigang is famous for tea and tropical foods .
Guigang is also a historical city .
The Taiping Rebellion originated in Guigang .
In social practice activities, some people will feel fear, fear of rejection, the feeling of social practice too tired too bitter, or some people think teachers layout of social practice activities just to complete the task and so on each kind of mentality has.
With the development of our society, we are stepping into the information times.
Computers, mobile phones and pads are as same as clothing and food.
People may never stop using and developing it.
I don't have any Blog, because perhaps I'm not fashionable enough.
Nevertheless, in my opinion, I observe that this thing is good, and that's why there're numerous people choose to use it.
First, internet covered is an essential reason, so people can use computers, phones and pads on the internet everywhere.
It's definitely conveniently and efficiently.
Second, human are social animals.
As same as the other internet communicating software.
Blog also has some hidden danger that we must be aware of.
The cross stands for enormous responsibility that individuals should assume without hesitation.
At the very beginning, I was fully confused, not only because I lived very far away from my home, but I had no friends or relatives here.
My first aim is to study hard in order to pass all the exams.
I want to be skillful at every object, especially the Oral English because it is a method that I can communicate with foreigners and develop relationships with them.
My second goal is to get along well with my classmates, especially my roommates for they are extremely important to me, therefore, our friendship even can last forever.
Besides, I also can call help to them when I come to having trouble.
I think the more friends I have, the more benefit I can get.
The last but not least, I want to past the postgraduate entrance exams in NJ University, nothing because I like that place.
I read the following, I felt very excited and alarmed.
Especially newborn babies suffer from AIDS.
To this situation, Ifelt very sad and helpless.
People who Infect AIDS is very thin.
Not only these people is low in spirits, but they also lack money to diagnosed AIDS.
Hello everyone , I would like to check details for an event next week with my two assistanrs.
first, we booke no.8 rooms for the event.
And you need attend the event in time.
In recent years, Online Shopping is becoming more and more popular.
It cannot be denied that online shopping has Many advances.
Most people choose the goods they like on the internet.
People can buy something that they want without door.
And when people make online shopping, they can find out more items than in physical store.
On the one hand, customers can't see the goods.
People don't know the real qualities of these goods.
And sometimes, people receive some items that are not the same as it looks on the computer.
But we must have a high care.
There is no doubt that opportunity like worm always appears around us.
Nonetheless the only way to catch it is the diligence.
The reason why the early bird can catch the worm is that it is earlier than the others.
As the proverbs goes The early bird catches the worm  , So deep do I believe the proverbs in that I have a deep be keenly aware of it.
Back to ten years ago, I was a pupil.
Not having waken up to the importance of diligence, I lived in a terrible life.
So sluggish was me that I achieved the most dreadful mark one after another.
Perhaps it is the fate , I was changed by a story.
In my intention it caused a deep shock, Like breaking undulation lapping.
I respected his ruthless driving of myself, My absorption in my work.
All in all then, as it witness, I increasingly believe diligence is indispensable.
The reason why the early bird can catch the worm is diligence.
With this conviction, I hold this belief to meet new challenges.
Satisfaction with the open hours is 87%.
If you want to get confident.
You will get more confident on campus, you will get ahead.
I'm very much regret I was unable to attend school this morning.
Because I had a cold.
I am enclosing here with a certificate from the doctor who is attending me.
He fears it will be several days before I can come back to school.
In modern society, it is extremely common for us to discover that wasting exists in everywhere and our natural resources in our earth are limited and gradually reduce day by day.
There are great many reasons for us to save our energy.
First of all, campus is the most important place in which we conduct our daily activities, so it must along with a lot of wastes.
As a result, we can contribute a lot for saving our precious resources.
Accordingly, we can also take a large number of measures in this program.
For instance, we shoulden't leave the tap running after using and turn off the lights when we leaving.
Moreover, the road light in campus should turn off partly in the night.
In my eyes, it is convenient and easy for us to save our precious resources, and I cherish a belief that if every one of us can do from little thing everyday and under our constant insistence, our energy will definitely be saving to a large degree.
During the May Day holiday .
I went to Beijing by bus with my parents .
It was wonderful.
Then we went to the Great wall .
Then we ate a lot of delicious food in the restourant .
In the afternoon , we went to the Beijing zoo by bus.
We saw many animals such as elephants , tigers and monkeys.
My father has been on January 7th,1968.
He is honest, sincere friendly, confident, kind-hearted and generous etc.
My father is kind-hearted and generous.
He always likes to help poor people.
He always shows up when people confront with troubles.
He plays an I am your servant role.
It's his principle.
My father is good at sports.
He likes to participate in various of activities.
When I was in primary school, he took part in a basketball contest and played an essential role in the activity, as a group leader.
It's very good to coordinate their steps.
With their cooperation, they win first prize.
However, he has a bad habit---drinking.
Last year, just the Spring Festival, he had already drunk, but insisted on drinking.
My mother is afraid that his stomach is bad and very annoyed at his drinking.
It's always make me frustrated.
Although my father has some bad habits, I still love him.
My name is Q and my English name is Mandy, I come from Z, which is a beautiful city.
There are many scenic spots.
When I am a child, I like reading very much, especially the detective novel and English.
Therefore, I like English class and English teacher.
I have many hobbies, such as playing ping-pong, skating, climbing and so on.
In my future, I want to be a lawyer, because it is my dream, though it is not my profession.
On the other side, I dream about being a businesswoman.
Only by study hard, can I achieve my dream.
I do believe the motto , Where there is a will, there is a way  .
The population of the city is becoming larger and larger.
Some people have moved to the countryside and some are intent on marching to the countryside.
There is no doubt that rural areas have some advantages.
First, the air is clear.
Second, The temperature is lower than the city's in summer.
What's more, living in the village can bring you a comfortable and quiet life.
On the contrary, living in the city is also a good choice.
You can use modern facilities in the city, which make you life easy.
In my opinion, I prefer living in the city.
As far as I am concerned, I can have fun in gyms, cinemas, parks, KTVs and malls, all of these are in the city.
Above all, my relationship is built in the city, my friends and families are in the city, I can meet them anytime.
J - 29 have been loaded on the ship PEARL  , and will Transshipment in Hong Kong May flower .
For a long time, examinations is regraded as the best way to measure one's knowledge and capability.
Nowadays, there are a lot of formal examinations, just like NMET, CET4, CET6, etc.
In quest for a higher marks, crame teaching is used to students.
There is no sense to do this.
Many students passed CET4, but they still can't communicate with foreigners.
The aim of education is not a high marks but to teach the students how apply the knowledge to life and think independently.
I like it very much my college life.
Then their studies are becoming worse and worse.
First, let students learn the importance of study.
Second, tell students about negative impact on compus love.
Third, To divert attention and university students active in the campus activity.
I heard about your help when i was surfing the internet.
frirstly , you should talk to chinese as much as possible .
You should express your feeling .
Nowdays, problem of piracy become more and more serious.
First, you can see that everyone buy the private things, so that the creater can not get the equal income, for a long time , they must lost their interest in craeting other productions.
Therefore the people would not enjoy the new things , the technology can not develop and the society can not be progress at last.
You can image that today if we use the Iphone 1 , drived the car that used 4 hours from the X to Y.
So, i think we should protect the intellectual property.
As a student we can not prevent those who make the piracy, but we can do as an example .
We never use the pirate products, never buy the piracy, when our friends , our calssmates or our relative use the piracy , we stop them and ask they to do this with us.
Although it looks impossible that everyone we asked would help us to prevent others, but when we ask more people, the small part of it will be a strong power.
Then i think our country should perfect the relevant laws to protect the creator's right.
The law must be severe on piracy.
I am Wangtao who is a senior student.
On the one hand, it is a fact that the smart phone has its merits.
To name only a few, it is universally acknowledged that it's convenient for us to keep in contact with our parents.
On the other hand, on the contrary, nevertheless everything has the two parts, positive and reverse.
So we should recognize that what is baneful when we use the phone.
The first all, there are no doubt that it will influence our academic record.
After all, the wrong behaviours that should be controlled by parents will spread between the teenagers.
At the same time, it is natural that wasting the substance and spirit to chat or sends the messages.
In contrast, I strongly support Three beliefs  .
Only in this way can you solve the problem.
In particular, above all else is that youths are no longer in use that belongs to the phone during the studying.
Time is gone, which we spent in using the smart phone.
By the way, don't use it to play games that will be replaced by reading or learning.
Of course, don't cheat too.
In a word, please control yourself and pour attention into yourself.
Hollo, everybody.
Myhometown is Qingdao.
Qindgao is a very beautiful city in China.
Qingdao is near the sea.
And I always play in the sea.
There is the subway in Qingdao.
Qingdao give me a warm feeling.
Qingdao is one of the most living cities I have ever seen.
A lot of people from other cities say Qingdao is very beautiful.
A I agree with them.
In my impression of Qingdao environmental is more protection than before.
This is my hometown.
it attracts many foreigners to visit , They are deeply impressed by the lasted development of our country .
Everthing, however, has two sides, Tourism gives rise to a number of problems , for instance, It becomes a burden to our ineffecient transportation system , besides, with the vistors growing, the historical relics are destoried by people , making it become worse and worse.
Human's ability is not inborn.
In the world does not have not to pass diligently, is child prodigy's person.
Such person does not exist.
Formation of a genius when determining factor should be diligent .
Due to the great pressure which in the study.
They do not have enough time to study.
So students become look for the shortcut to study.
For example , students think in order to work in foreign only be good at speaking .
As far as I am concerned it is no problem if they can communicate with foreigners .
In addition, as the life become better and better, it let the students become lazy.
Students do not want to use their body , especially their hands.
They consider it is too troublesome to write.
Again, many schools also does not pay attention to cultivate students's spelling ability.
In order to solve this problem, I think, we should change the wrong thinking .
At the same time, teachers should help students pay attention to spelling .
For example , let them write composition or diary.
I'm very glad to talk with you.
First, you can try to do your best to read and spell the new words loudly.
the new words and you never forget it.
The second is writing.
the new words.
the third is speak the new words as much as possible.
these is all the suggests for you.
  .
Although spring is beautiful; summer is hot; autumn likes a beautiful painting, but winter is what my favorite season, which brings me more inspiration.
Sometimes I imagine that winter is coming, and autumn left.
The cold wind blows, while our hearts feel good.
I enjoy it as much as i like, then open my arms, take a breathe deeply.
At that time, i feel everything is wonderful.
What impresses me deeply is the beautiful views.
In my opinion, it is necessary to learn English.
Because you can learn adanced technology.
It is good forinternational communication.
It also make us more in depth understanding of western culture.
It is abvious that we should strengthen the English practice.
Although compared with English, I prefer to learning Chinese.
Learning English need put more vim, but grade always low.
Someone think learn English is of no use to them.
And someone in order to deal with the test.
So different thinking lead to different results.
We must work hard instead of for the test.
As a Chinese, we have difficulty in learning English.
People take different views on this question, sixty percent of them are in favor of the idea that parks shouldn't charge entrance fee.
Because parks are pubulic places for people to have a walk and relax themseves .
What's more, if parks begin to charge entrance fee, there will be more gates and walls in our city .
People who are against it think that if paks begin to charge entrance fee, they can pay for the salar of gardeners and buy more new plants.
In a word, they have not arrived at any agreement yet.
on the weekend, I get up and then eat some eggs and dirnk milk.
after eating I do the dishes.
I do my homework for a long time.
I sweep the floor in my free time, and get one's bad in morning.
I have my mornth watch TV.
I plan study playing paion in last year.
I will remember this experience in the bottom of my heart in my future.
It cannot burdened that a person's honesty is the most important aspect of this life.
Honesty is like the wind, I can't see it, but I can feel it.
There are many dishonest phenomena in current society.
For example, lie steal cheat corruption and so on.
Vanity is the main cause of dishonest people's greed and the social bad phenomenon.
Although many people believe that make an honest man will scff, I doubt whether the argument bears much analysis, what these people fail to consider is that honest people is the biggest winner.
I think honesty is the best policy, as an honest people should have two things lips that won't lie and love that won't die.
Now many students in a number of different views on the promble, but it can not be a friendly solution, and finally fights can occur, so I think in the schools, the students if have different contradiction between, and students should be good communication, not the use of force to solve the problem.
I think extraterrestrials are exist in the world.
However, they may disguise humans or animals.
We shouldn't only regard them as evils or what will do harm to humans.
They may give something helpful to us.
But we can't find or contact with them by nowaday technology.
On balance, we have only known a little about extraterrestrials.
Credit card is a common occurrence in our lives today .
Some people think credit card is a very convenient way and has become irresistible trend in our society .
because only you import your password , you can get whatever you want go to ATM .
Lots of students as well as me take part in them.
But some students say that we should not take part in them because it is a waste of time.
But I do not think so.
