Second, if you made an appointment with someone, you should be punctual.
You ought to explain for it honestly once you are late.
Third, when you go out together with others, you can be enthusiasm and positive.
Offering your help before asked for.
It give us many ways to slove our life problem.
Firstly, People can though the Internet commuicate with eachother.
Besides, Though Internet commuication we can study.
Some social experience and learn about many people's character.
Every thing has two sides.
As far as I'm concerned, though Internet commmuicate can improve our communication ability, and seed many people , but we must point clear what is right and what is wrong.
I have a prefect dream.
It can make me rich.
It can make me happy , and it can make me laugh.
to be a pilot .
I think this job is interesting and fun, but it isn't easy.
It's a few difficult , but it doesn't metter, because I love this job very much.
If I want to be a pilot.
I will have a healthy body and a healthy diet .
If we want to have a healthy body.
We must do exercise .
If we want to have a healthy diet.
  So if I do it.
Our society is changing every day because new technicals are used to our lives constantly.
On the one hand, there are some advantages as we know.
E-book help people save time when people want to search for their books quickly, they can use E-book.
Besides, no matter where to go people can take e-book with them.
Due to the e-book is portable .
At the same time , people can see e-book no matter when they want .
Apart from this, a great deal of messages can be stored in the e-book.
However , the information in the book is limit.
Last but not the least, e-book is good for environmental protection .
It doesn't make from trees.
So this help reduce the tree cutting down.
On the other hand, e-book does harm on eyes.
People can't see e-book for the long time.
In my opinion, it will be necessary for people to own e-book in the future.
Even though some disadvantages we can't bear, e-book may be improved and updated well in the future.
It will change our lifestyle and make our lives more convenient and colourful.
my name is X, Im twenty yers, I lean English in D , I want to be a volunteer at this international meeting.
And I think I can do it weel, because I lean english weel and I can talking with others, The most importment is I can get along weel with other, and I have do it some time .
f habit , for example I like listen English music , and watch some film .
And I am very like to help others , I think it can bring ohers happy.
At this time I am happy also .
If I becom a volunteer I think I can do it , at the same time I can lean a lot .
I want you can give me a chance to show myself .
I hope your repaly .
My telephone namber is 1581.
Some people say that books are the ocean of knowledge, reading can make people progress.
Some people think that life is a need to practice, however, only through constant practice and summarizes the human progress.
In my side there are many such people, they study very hard every day in reading and studying, as if fell into the world few and far between.
I want to argue that now is the time for us to make a major shift in our opinions.
In an emailed statement on Wednesday, ConocoPhillips China said its workers quickly addressed the leaks and that there was no apparent impact on wildlife, fishing or shipping activities.
Of course, the underground may not have cave; Chris took his son in the shop in the bathroom toilet crouched on the floor.
Clutching the ear not let his son to hear the noise outside the door flapping sound, that is the only thing he has the ability to protect the son.
This is expected to achieve real determination.
Everyone has the right to dream, but very few people really hard to put it into reality, the success of those few people, is the envy of the strong, wise, our practitioners, when we for their great achievements greatly, have not thought about, in fact we like them, are like that dream, but we easily give up, we see the brilliant achievements they have achieved, while ignoring the process of success, walking in the way of pursuing the dream is full of setbacks, happiness and future can also hide them.
Don't ever let somebody tell you can do something, if you get a dream, you gotta protect it.
First of all, I would like to say love is not an ordinary thing.
It's not optional, but when it begins, you will realize.
Love is probably the most trivial question, and it is a hard question to answer.
Most important of all, love means to care, to protect, to look after, to pray for, and to make sure the people you love are happy.
However, in my opinion, those are just constituent parts of love, but not love itself.
Besides, I don't believe that love is a relation, but more of a heart-to-heart conversation.
Love has a meaning which we will never recognize.
In our daily life, we are experiencing many kinds of love.
When a person falls in love with another person in their adolescence, their love is infatuation, which is considered as puppy love.
Another kind of love is the love of family.
Love of family is loving your mother, your father and your relatives.
You intend to protect them, look after them, and fill their lives with infinite joy.
The parents have an innermost love for their children which they express to their children every day.
Finally, I would like to say something about the love between friends.
For me, a friend is a loving companion at all times.
George Gordon Byron, who was known as a Bdritish poet, said, Friendship is love without his wings.
In a word, love is a heart-to-heart conversation.
As is known to all, cheating is quite common on campus, what is worse, it is increasing.
Above all, we students should learn to develop good habits.
The exam is just a way to check what we have learned and find where we are weak, from which we can benefit a lot.
Then, teachers can try different methods to stimulate their interest.
Sudents can learn more efficiently.
It requires a lot to Eliminate Cheating on Campus.
However, children who grow up in their parents spoiling just as the flowers that live in the greenhouse, and they cannot stand any trials and hardships.
Second, when the children encounter some problems, parents may teach them how to solve rather than work them out.
With the development of the economy, it is important to protect the environment.
Now more and more people buy cars, because it is convenient.
However, cars lead to air pollution.
I see many people dump garbage into river, it leads to water pollution.
As far as I am concerned, protection of the environment has become a major concern of society.
We should take actions to protect our Earth that we live.
  You only need to know if you are gold you will shine everywhere.
Switzerland is situated in central Europe, where is bordred by Germany to the north, France to the west, Italy to the south, and Austria to the east.
What's more, Switzerland spanning an area of 4.1 spuare kilometers .
Althought Berne is the captain of Swit, Geneva is the city where is the most famous city to be found in the word.
Of course, as a developed country, Switzerland watches, chemical and food industry developed.
Today, I was review my lessons.
My roomate Jason was watching a football match online.
He was cheering for his favourite team.
But his voice was too big, so I couldn't concentrate.
you're too noisy.
  And Jason said:  Sorry, I will.
A few minutes later, his sound was big again.
So I was angry.
And with great effort , I finally fulfilled my dream and became a internist.
I think the skill of learning is necessary for life of college.
Because learning is the ladder of human's improvement.
Life is a process to overstep.
I believe that the people all like to make progress.
In addition that the college is an important chance to advanced study.
For our eager life, we must study hard.
It is that the only way led to successful.
She is teller than me but she than I fet.
She is very shy, but her achievement is very good.
She has two big eyes and long brown hair.
She is very funny.
She has a sister, but she didn't like her.
She said: my sister is no good to your friends.
And following are some harms about the fake commodities.
First, the fake commodities can influence many people's sense of trust for the society, gradually, more and more people can double everything what they buy from supermarkets or other places.
In brief , it can bring an illness of the mind.
For example , many fake commodities seriously threaten our health ; besides , many fake materials have made many floors topple down and made many innocent lifers disappear, so I also hate the people who sell fake commodities.
Thirdly, the fake commodities waste a lot of materials, because if it is known by consumers that what they buy are fake commodities, consumers can not buy it again , so many productions can not sell.
Let's create a nice word.
Nowadays, reading is become more and more popular as well as more and more important.
First, people can achieve the new knowledge by reading and it is also easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories.
I don't agree with author's opinion.
First, teachers are very important for our study English.
Then, I think we should study with our classmates together.
In the class, we can do some interesting things.
For example, we can chat with each other or discuss the problem.
If we study with the computer a long time.
It won't be good for our eyes and health.
And some students will do some other things, such as playing computer games and listening to music.
Nowadays, it is such an ordinary phenomenon that advertising has already penetrate into every aspect of our lives.
Over the past decades, advertising proves to be the most promising industry.
Products manufactured by companies sale well owing to an attractive and impressive advertising.
Celebrity effect is also of great significance in advertising, bringing profits to both celebrities and companies.
Apparently, it via advertising that manufacturing companies try to convince the consumers that their products are attractive in price and quality, along with it, the long term consideration that advertising severs the purpose of accumulating prospective clients.
Whereas many advantages lies in advertising, the opposite influence also exists.
Above all, enormous advertising lead to the outcome that many people are fed up with advertising to some degree.
Moreover, a few false advertising deteriorate the advertising industry, which should be regulated by our government.
There are many reasons that can contribute to this phenomenon.
The first one may be that access to the Internet enables people to work at home.
They can finish work and communite with others through the Internet.
It's very convenient for them.
They can save much time and avoid traffic jam at the rush hour.
At home, they enjoy the relaxed and quiet environment that can enable them make full use of their talent and concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors.
College students' everyday expenses are high.
College students become independent to finance money.
I think a good teacher explain should have many answers.
First, When the student make a mistakes the teacher must be strict and kind because as a teacher must be teach her student how to do it.
Third, the good teacher should favourite students mustn't have difference between the good students and the quite poor students .
Next, When the student ill a good teacher should care about the student.
It is known to us all, with the development of the social, global warming becomes a more and more serious problem which attach people  s attention .
it is people, then, who are the villains.
It is people who are burning the coal, oil, and gas.
As a big country, our government should take effective measures.
Our government can lay down the law, at the same time, our government should save our forests and even replant them .
We can do from small things.
For a instant, we can save paper , save water.
With the development of science and technology, iPad has become students new favorite.
But as a senior high school student, we should work hard instead of playing games, so we should use iPad properly.
For example, we can search information on the internet to solve some problems in our subjects.
In addition, it can open our eyes and increase our knowledge.
On the contrary, if we are absorbed in it, we will have less attention in class and break the class discipline.
So I think we should use iPad properly, when we have some troubles, we can get some solutions from it, at the same times, we can improve ourselves by it, but when we are tired, we can play some games and listen to some music to relax ourselves.
In the end of my weekend, I was sorry and depressed to have many things not to do.
So learning how to arrange your time is very important.
On Monday, it is another busy morning.
On the way to school, in the HuangHe street, surprisingly, I witnessed a traffic accident.
It was about ten to eight.
A woman, nearly 30, run across the road while the traffic light was red.
At that time, a taxi appeared.
Unluckily, the woman was knocked down by the car of the abrupt turning, lying on the road.
The taxi, fortunately, stopped at once.
What was severe that the following cars cannot stop without anytime to think.
Undoubtedly, the traffic accident brought hurts to families as well as economic damage to society.
Although no one was injured in the accident, it can also give us a warning.
It occured to me that it was essential that we should obey the traffic rules.
In addition, drivers should focus their attention on driving, instead of doing other things which distributed their attention.
The aims of this activity is to get close to nature, we can enjoy the fresh air and get relaxed as well.
The activity starts at 8:00 on the Guang Ming Farm which is 2 kilometres away from our school.
We will first meet and get together at the school gate before 7:30.
It is estimated that it will last for 3 hours and ends at about 11:00.
During the 3 hours, we will plant vegetables, water flowers on the farm.
We are looking forward to seeing you this Sunday.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Two days ago, I found my textbook was lost.
I tried to find it anywhere.
I just hope I can pass the exam and get the computer certificate.
But I didn't.
You can imagine how worried I was at that time.
I hate the person who borrowed my book silently and always complained about my own carelessness.
So, during a long time I continued thinking back the things happened before and I hope it'll be helpful to me.
Luckily, my best friend found it and asked what happened to me.
Because she knows what you think.
She understands you.
In short, having a good friend is happiness and can make our life colorful.
Public courses.
But mark was high not stand for he is excellent.
Internet is a new thing some years ago.
Nowadays, we can even learn English online.
On the Internet, we can make friends with penpales.
In considering the personal qualities of being successful, great individuals are more likely to possess the same qualities, such as industrious, self-motivated, well-planning.
Nevertheless our attitude towards stress can dramatically change how it affects us and our life.
When James Linton, CEO of Rocom, was dealing with the PTL's takeover of Roco, he found himself on the horns of a dilemma.
The deteriorating market conditions suggest that the way forward would be anything but smooth.
In Linton's eyes, the takeover was by no means a guarantee of future success.
He was acutely aware of the need to nurture his staff, if the business was to success, something which was not lost them.
However, this genius belief seemed not to be a fantastic deal for shareholders.
Even other CEO said Linton was arrogant that they were not willing to support him on this matter .
At that time, the atmosphere between Linton and them was awkward.
On the other side, the staff also had expectations on Linton.
Undoubtedly, James Linton is the vital role in the job of reviving one of the most illustrious names in retail finance, Rocom.
His positive intelligence in stressful work cultivates his own sense of well-being and sets him up to success.
This story impressed me deeply when I was reading a book about business giants.
Inspiring by this story, I have a new look for stress in my life.
Indeed, many people will present a negative attitude when they are overwhelmed or stressed-out.
Stress can be viewed as a test to self-enhancement.
In nowdays, we can see the computer in everywhere and everytime, we ofen use computer to do a lot of things, for example, do our homework, send E-mails, keep contect with our family numbers and our friends.
We must addmit that internet is important to our life.
We can surf on the internet to find some usefull infomations, we need't to go out to know what happened in our morden life, we know from the internet maybe more real than we have ever seen or heared, the interent also make the world turn to a country, we can make friends with people in other countries, it make people's relationship more closed.
But internet also has some problems, especially to the teenangers, teenages are still young, they don't know what is right and wrong, they may addicted to the interent game easily, and surf some unhealthy informations, their scores may worse and worse.
Do worse to the teenager is make their parents sad and disappointed.
I have got two tickets for a concert given by G.
, the most popular female singer nowadays, this Sunday evening at Guangzhou Tianhe Stadium.
Since you are her great fan, I'd like to invite you to come with me.
Please let me know whether you can come or not.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I like learning English very much and I also love teaching children, so maybe I will be an English teacher.
Maybe I will say goodbye to my single life and marry a girl, or still be single.
Maybe I will still love Taylor Swift, a singer from America.
Maybe I will love cooking and exercising.
Perhaps I will move to Shanghai, or even Newyork or London.
I think my life will be very wonderful and interesting.
Many people like reading.
Some of them like reading in the library.
Some of them prefer to electronic readers.
The advantages can be list as follows.
First, it's convenient for us to read on the electronic readers.
We don't need to walk to the library to have a reading.
Besides, we don't need to waste time to look for books we want, just import the key words then the book will turn up in front of our eyes.
What's more, we can download everything we like with no money in the electronic readers.
The massive information will satisfy us.
However, we cannot ignore their disadvantages.
First of all, their convenience may lead to our laziness.
They will provoke our dependence.
Secondly, they are harmful for our eyes.
The radiation of electronic readers will retired our eyes and damage our health.
Thirdly, if the electronic readers has no electricity or the articles are disappeared accidentally outside, we cannot read any more.
Lastly, some electronic readers are expensive.
So, electronic readers are very nice but we cannot rely on them completely.
Reading is an activity full of warm and fragrant.
If my foreign friend comes to my hometown, I will take him to Xiangshan Park.
To start with, Xiangshan Park is a symbol of Huaibei, which has a long history.
What is more, a variety of delious foods are tempting.
Ibelieve that my foreign friend have a good time.
Not only can he appreciate the landscape of the Xiangshan Park, but also tasteauthentic Northeast food.
Two years ago in a winter.
There, We rode down the road to see the scenery , watch swans and dance with the locals.
There are many kinds of delicious food such as Roast Lamb Leg, dairy products as well as skewer.
People live in Mongolia.
Mongolia peculiar shape, is a hidden but beautiful spot.
The local people are very friendly to us, we use the food to entertain us.
The trip left a deep impression on me.
The book--Morning Reading Classics consists of 365 essays that are just like a teacher who teaches you how to succeed, how to gain real happiness, how to treat others, how to deal with dreams and many other crucial things in your life.
After reading the book, I know I should follow my heart and don't let my dream be stolen.
Just focus on my dream, believe in it, and do my utmost to achieve it no matter what happened.
strong-minded, we will see the magnificent rainbow after the terrible storm.
There is no denying that to improve our power of action and be persistent, we will create and decide our own destiny.
No pains, no gains.
Another essential thing for our life is love.
Love is to us what sunshine is to livings.
  I am touched by the beautiful words when it comes to my eyes and mind.
Love is simple so don't make it too confusing and complicated.
Put yourself in others' shoes and make the world more harmonious and vigorous.
Life is an amazing gift, I will try to live my life to the fullest and push myself, body and mind, to the limits of my potential.
Everyone's life habit is different.
So, sometimes not harmonious situation in the dormitory.
So, I think a harmonious dormitory life is very important.
But, how to built up a harmonious dormitory life.
First, between students should help each other.
When roommates habits and you don't like, you can try to understand others.
On the other hand, some people think that the best way to learn is through practice.
As a college student, we are too much time to practice ourselves.
Rather than, almost students choice to stay in home in summer and winter holiday and do nothing.
Almost of us lack of social experience, always don't know how to handle when we face trouble, and often rely on our parents and friends.
What's more, being afraid of dealing with strangers.
However, we will go to the society, after all.
Nowdays, we can see a problem that is humbl abode.
From the cartoon, we can see that a young man lives in a crowed house like snail's shell.
The main reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.
Let's look first at the changes in the way we work.
A generation ago, most of the people are sitting in the office, go to work by bus.
In addition, people work longer hours, and the wage was scarcer.
And speaking of eat, in the past, people's home may not be rich, therefore, food is very sinmple, a family often get together to eat.
Finally, the way we entertain ourselves, many years ago, most families had just one set, which they watched together, and we often take part in outdoor activities.
There are many important people In my life .myfamilies, myfriends, mydear  sisters  , and etc .
but the person I love most is my real second sister for me.
I have a big family , which includes my parents , my three sisters and me.
when I was young, she took care of me carefully whether in my life or my studying .now, although she has had her own family and child.
My name is T.
I'm from W City in Q Province.
Or you can call me 173 or big eyes.
Yeah, this two nicknames stand for my personal characters.
First,173 means that I'm tall.
What's more, someone told me that my eyes just like baboon.
From the bottom of my heart, I'm glad to have this two nicknames.
As for my hobbies, I like singing and playing badminton.
Generally speaking, everybody has their dream job.
As we all know, college is just like the primary society and we should try our best to master more skills.
I am a fifteen-year-old girl who study in Grade Nine.
So much homework often affects my emotion, but I never give up studying because of love around me.
For example, my mum always looks after me carefully and makes me wear properly every day.
In addition, my fiends often help me and believe me when I am in trouble.
When I get love from them, I feel warm and try to give more love to them.
As is known to all, we all have a dream, and it is very difficult to achieve our dreams.
But we need to know that it is not mountain we conquer but ourselves.
I dreamed to make much money to let my parents have a good life.
I still knew it not easy.
But I fimly believe that I can be successful by my efforts.
My parents have paid a lot for us.
We should return them with the practical action.
At school, we should study hard.
And in the work, we should grasp the opportunity to make the bosses trust us.
If you think it you can succeed.
And fighting is my only job.
The family style is a family moral standard.
And it is like food.
The family style is an essential component of the house.
First, I will become a goodness person.
In spite of this, one shall be wary of others.
When I was in primary school.
Once, I throw chalk in the room.
I accidentally hit my father in the head.
My father hurried forward to stop me.
He said it is wrong.
And call me next time don't do this.
Second, I will become a punctuality person.
My mother often tells me to cherish the time.
So I often do some meaningful things.
Such as study and participate in sports activities.
The behavior of parents, always influence the children.
We are learning and reading in college.
I will succeed in college after.
I will want to my home help for my family life.
I will spent some time to make friends in frsehman.
We should often help the classmate.
We can improve and I will succeed.
One is to strengthen English learning.
So that we can learn from the advanced technology.
Another view is that learning English overheating.
Because learning English into a large, effective low, and learned to no avail.
And I have my opinion of this topic.
Quciky, convenient, the most advantage of the personal cars.
Make a example, if you want to have a picnic in the subrub, you can not to think how to go there.
Because you have a car, which is belong to you.
So you can drive it to anywhere.
Though the personal with so many strength, it also have many disadvantages.
For a start, plenty of the cars can cause the traffic jam.
And then, the air pollution is a challenging question to which the human face.
But from anyway to think, the cars still are good for us.
I come from Shanxi, a province not far from Q.
My hometown has lots of famous places.
If you come to Shanxi, you will sense the enthusiastic of Shanxi.
And you can eat a lot of food you have never eaten.
Then I will introduce something about my household.
My grandparents are farmers.
My uncle is not only a farmer but also a cook.
Here are some activities that I've taken part in.
For example, I take part in the oral English club in our school, which attacts me when I first saw it.
The activities in the club not only improves my oral English, but also help me in expanding my vocabulary, in a word , it's good for my English study.
Oo the other hand, I also play football in my spare time.
Though playing football makes me tired, but it also increased my stamina as well as teaching me valuable skills in teamwork and communication.
As the development of economy.
Today more and more people start to use cellphones.
I think that using cellphones is a revolution of Intertnet.
However, cellphones really have some disadvantages.
For example, it is a place that people usually spend too much time on it.
In addition, it's bad for our eyes as a result ofcellphones' use.
And it might cause Internet pollution.
In a word, cellphone is adouble-edged sword.
So, we should use it correctly.
Don't need too much talking without saying anything, English just a important language.
We must learn English.
If can't leave my hate thing, just enjoy it.
Maybe I will love English.
English hit me like the sky fell on me.
Sure, I don't like English, I don't like difficult thing.
I think is boring.
Today I konw learn a language is a important thing.
So I want to learn English.
I start like English.
Whatdoes't kill you makes you stronger.
Now, too many people come China, English is a language to be we can talk.
And have so many book and games are English.
I like playing games, but my English is bad, I can't understand some means.
I like to learn English, beacauseI need English.
Before winter comes, many animals are preparing for the winter.
Before winter comes, the leaves will fall down.
It will get light late and get nightfall early in winter.
It will be foggy in the morning.
We can not see the green leaves, and we can not see the blue sky.
It will be foggy in the morning.
We can not stand the heat gone forever and the upcoming is unable to imagine in the cold.
So we should wear more clothes.
Looked at people in the street wearing clothes are thick.
Winter is a quiet season.
In winter, everything will become quiet.
In winter , we can make a snowman or have a snowball fight after it snow.
The world will turn white.
Some place will turn beautiful.
But I do not like winter.
I'm looking forward to the spring coming.
Some people think our city should add mpre taxis because they think we don't have enough taxis.
If we will go to somewhere, it is a good way to take a taxi.
But we will spend more time waiting for a taxi.
They hope that raise your hand and a taxi appears in no time.
But other people believe that our city shouldn't add more taxis.
In my opinion, our city shouldn't add more taxis.
Wherever you go, it will spend more money than bus.
With the development of technology, many schools bring up computer into class.
Teachers learn how to use computer in class.
With improvement of into computer technologies, many people think computer would replace teachers and result in their unemployment.
Although the Internet has a great variety of things that teachers may don't know, teachers can teach us more.
Teacher not only teaches us knowledge but also how to get along with people.
Computer only is a machine.
It can't have communication with you.
Student can use computer to surf the Internet .
Internet has good things and bad things.
Sometimes, we can't resist the temptation.
We can find many interesting things in Internet, for example listing music, see a movie, game, study and so on.
We not just use computer to study.
Students often have fun in computer.
If computer replaces teacher, students who can't control themselves and play computer game all the time rather than studying.
It is very bad for our eyes, if we use computer for a long time.
we feel sore with eyes.
For most time, computer is convenient for our life.
But teachers are irreplaceable in our society.
Teachers can teach us more knowledge and learning method.
One is to watch TV.
Because they think it is time-saving, interesting and very easyto watch TV.
And the other isto read original work.
Their opinion is more of details.
I like watch TV, as well as reading original work.
I think it is strengthen the picture feel of watching TV.
Besides , I refer watch TV to read original work why I am a lazy girl.
I can't look the book of pages.
Sometimes I like reading books.
Because I think it is centle and quiet .
At that time, I can read original work.
If we ignore it, we may have a loss of sales.
However, these beautiful products sometimes have poor quality.
Once I bought a box of chocolate with golden painting.
I thought it would be perfect to eat.
What we should figure out is what is really under packing.
So it is important for us to be a sensible consumer.
Before buying the products, please read the instructions of products and figure outthe value of products.
It is universally acknowledged that captain America is considered as symbol of American spirit.
Captain America is a countryman born and bred, who is called Steve Rogers.
In the first instance, he is just an emaciated young person.
In order to devote to his country, he volunteered to take part in the military's secret plan.
At this moment.
Nazi spy murders the professor of the drug formulation.
Onlydo the Steve becomes a super soldier.
The America government arranges him to fight with enemy.
But captain America is not an inherent hero, he also has not an immortal body, this is the reason why he needs shield to protect himself.
He is just stronger, braver, more resourceful than others.
Many of the people more and more to ignore Chinese culture and Lead to the cultura .
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I take part in many activities.
Such as swimming, watching English films.
I also took part in singing match and got good grades.
These activities influence me a lot.
I improve my English level by English films.
I can swim well because of swimming training.
What is more, I become more and more happier and healthier.
I advise students can take part in activities positively .
They can help you a lot.
There are different kinds of activities .
when we choose, we should follow our hearts.
We should choose that we are interested in .
A good school environment is important for us.
It can let us better learning.
So, creating a green campus is significant.
For creating a green campus.
Firstly, We have wish study and calm down to learning when have a good environment.
Therefore, we should take care of and treasure public circumstance.
Secondly, we should civilization terminology.
we talk in a low voice with public environment.
Thirdly, if you look some people need helps, you can offer some helps.of course, you should speak thanks to other people help.
We are see they are hungry .
we must study somethings about Acquired Immune Deficienc Syndrome , know the infect way of HIV .
and have no drug to cure , so we have to think some way to aganist it , if some people did .
we have no way to cure him , but we have way to aganist it .
just like .
we can study something about it .not do something can make me in danger.
In the end .
When I was young I know that Mao Zedong is the famous characters.
I Read Mao Zedong biography three days ago.
This biography put him in a common farmhouse children, using a historical point to describe his growth.
A common saying goes teamwork is power, teamwork is victory.
Teamwork can always inspire the incridible potentiality.
Working together is succeed, because we can encourage each other.
To build good interpersonal relationship.
These days, so many news had ever reported the hot phenomena about square dancing .
indeed, the square dancing become more and more popular for the Chinese Dama, and they certainly enjoying it.
what's more, it has already became a stable lifestyle for them to relaxed and practice themselves.
however, as the coin has its two sides, the squace dancing always result in some terrible inluention while it bringing the Dama a wonderful relaxition.
As a piece of news has said: a man irritated by the loud and throbbing dancing music even fired a shotgun into the air recently to scare away the dancers near his house.
besides, in Hubei province, residents of a locality reportedly threw rubbish at people dancing in a square .
Before that a group of students in Hebei probince organized a slient protest against people playing loud music by blocing the stage of the dancers in a square.
The students said they needed a quiet atmosphere to study.
So, different people with different statue has their different opinions as well as actions.
The man who hold the supported opinion has their own thoughts about square dancing  .
On one hand, most of the dancers are women, as we all know , one of the traditional thought in China is that: as a Chinese traditional woman, she needn't do anything but take care of her husband and children as well as their old parents, do the housework day by day , handle the tedious things at home, won't be changed.
How boring life style it is.
They needn't suffer the stress from the job, and have no idea to sharing their emotion and openning the eyesight from the housework.
In other words, they need a access to relaxed and relased themselves.
thus, the  dancing square  has borned with the humanbeing needs.
the woman who has empty time just organized together as the reason of enjoying, and dancing at the square with the loud voice from the video, they may feel so relaxed.
by this way, the whole people who danced together regarded the organization as a big warm family, they get the oppotunity to communicate with each other while dancing, they smiled when talked, they shared the funny and terrible story sometimes.
Just as a coin has its two sides, many people extremely offended the square dancing  .one of the most essential reason could illustrate the opinion-the loud voice from the video while they dancing had brought an amazing bother to those residents who need a quite environment to have a rest or reading or some other needs, obviously, the voice was certainly affect the residens' daily life.
Both we know that one of the basic right for us to live is resting  .
Everyone yawns for enjoying themselves.
someone like the noisy occation, the others enjoying the silent atmosphere.
when we live in the social circle, what the most imortant thing we have to do is learnning to respect and understanding each other .
in my opinion, there has a suggestion from my mind , maybe the governmen could do something to addust the embarassing condition.
that is, offering a stable place for these people to dancing in the basic of no bother to another people.
Apart of this, I find English interesting, sometimes the same word has two or even more meanings, which often causes my attention.
I want to study English for different reasons.
One reason is that I can use English to communicate with foreigner to study more and make friends with them .
As we all know , more and more people use English to many things , so if everyone use English , we will do things more and convenient.
Another reason is that I can travel the world without worrying not know what others say, so I can enjoying the environment while strengthening my English.
There are more and more people didn't read books.
we are busy making money.
playing games.
we have no time to have a rest and read something.
It's time to study reading books.
reading literature is important is important for our life, culture is the most important equation of country general power.
And reading books could improve our weal too.
there are many people don't find their target yet.
'this poem power many people.
It's the power of literature.
Television has become a very great thing in our lives.
Everyone watches TV all the time, and everyone has his own favorite type of the TV show.
For me, I think it is great to watch Nian Dai Show.
there is a current tendency that the increasing number of cities are concerned about energy shortage.
Because it has a negative impact on people's daily life and economic development.
There are at least three reasons accounting for such a huge problem in many cities.
To begin with, It may rise from China doesn't have a complete system of environmental protection.
In addition, the lack of energy such as electric energy may from our wastes.
Most importantly, people are short of the consciousness of energy-conservation.
Taking the above-mentioned discussion into consideration, we shall take such solutions to the issue of energy shortage.
The urgent measure for cities to take is to protect the energy by legislation.
Besides, we may as well exploit new energy to replace non-renewable energy.
Fundamentally, if people can be aware of the importance of energy, we can do a lot to save energy in daily life.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
test for these words.
My spoken English teacher from Canada named Mr.
Parents do everything for their children would make them more and more dependent on parents.
Also, when the children encounter some problems or fall in trouble, the parents should let them try to solve the problem by themselves.
They were used by students while they are walking .
eating.
It is well known that useing cellphones in library is bad behavior for students.
On the one hand, they may make you can not focus on your studies and homework when you sent or received message.
On the other hand, other students may be influence by the people in library.
It seems to me that a bad thing for every one.
In my opinion, library is a wonderful place for people to study so that people can open their eyes.
However, since this phenomenon comes out, the only thing people can do is that.
As far as I am concerned, I support it.
Because Military Training is the most thing for us students.
Especially our undergraduate .
It could make us stronger and stronger .
After Military Training, we can study more and more hard.
As an university student, we should learn to independence without our parents' protect.
we can grow up better and better after Military Training.
Of course , we can also learn how to get along well with new students and have more opportunity to communicate with others.
Although Military Training is very tired for most students, we can gain much from it .
we should do everything by ourself or ask teancher and classmates' help when we are in trouble.
After we come to college, there is more and more spare time.
As girls, going shopping is liked by us.
I still remember the other day, we three girls, Amber, Sweet and me, went shopping in a supermarket.
  said the salewoman.
  You haven't respect us before.
  Oh, my dear Gods, come out please.
I really have no courge to serve the Gods like you three.
  You.
  the saleswoman was speechless and shocked.
  Let's go outside to enjoy the sunshine hand by hand.
As we know, it is not common that students evaluate teachers.
Many colleges require that students evaluate their teachers.
In their eyes, First if students expressed their true minds, it will help their teacher know weather their teaching methods is suitable.
So in some aspect, it will help teachers boost their teaching level.
Second students evaluate teachers it will enrich teacher-student relationship.
However , someone is disagree the view.
As we all know, English plays a vital role in today  s international community.
Therefore, learning English is necessary if we want to keep up with the world.
Secondly, as a language, English is linked with the history of British.
That is to say, I can know more history of the world, which attracts me.
Finally, I can reap the benefits of English learning.
According to the news, the expansion of many high school is the economic.
Besides the population and technology and so on.
Many serious problems have been seen.
For example, the quality of university student is reducing on balance.
Now, we should realize these problems and find some ways to solve them immdiately.
Many universities should make some proper adjustments to the expansion.
Don't make it to many.
Importantly, many universities should improve their management.
Maybe the specialized subject is not agreeable, maybe can not find a content job after graduate, however, most of us who decide to pursue the graduate study has gone against the original intention that the desire of continuing pursue advanced studies.
I have to confess that the most important day in my life get to be that day I decided to improve my oral speaking skills.
Once I stepped into the apartment, I was hearing so many different voices but the same in English.
At the same time, some people in charge of this place came to surround me, to converse with me, of course, in English.
I just can't neglect the memory in my mind, when I marched in the hall, the majority of the people were practicing English with repeaters, and the other guys were practicing by groups, they speaked loudly and they correct others' pronunciation.
Only in this way, they could attain what they couldn't gain from the ordinary courses of college.
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money.
People around here are really friendly, they told me  Don't be afraid to ask for questions, even if your English isn't perfect.
It is my pleasure to representative G middle school to write this email to you.
Recently, that a freshman put pressure on his mother to purchase a trio of apple products has hooked our eyesight.
First and foremost, it was the student's vanity that caused the farce.
To prevent such things from happening again.
Parents should stop spoiling a child when he is a little boy.
We shouldn't ask for anything we'd like to own from our parents.
They have paid for our tuition fee as well as the living expenses.
In brief, parents don't have duty to buy us luxurious products.
So we should appreciate more but not to force them to do any thing.
I suppose that is good for us to make cooperative in the group.
First I suppose that it has some advantages to us to learn english well.
When we learn with others we feel good and we can work hard so is good to us.
Second we can talk with others when we are thinking some questions.
Although not very rich, but I love my family deeply.
First, I have a adorable mother who does good at cooking and always making food that I want to eat.of course eating isn't the most important point that I love my home so much.
the other reason is that she loves me, loves father and our home the same deeply as me.
Second, I love my dad, he is a facetious man, so he always make our home full of laughter.
and I know he is a man who never show work pressure to us but make us think he can handle everything.
he is notonly my dad but also he is my friend , we can talk about everthing and he always give me his advice but not make desition for me.
Nowadays, A number of callege students have a lot of bad habits.
to study, but to the Internet.
We flew there and stayed there for six days.
I am not a very outgoing people in my family.
So I always depends everything I didn't know what to do on my father.
I'm not sure what I should do.
I thought I'am a lucky boy, but my classmates didn't obtain the support from their parent.
In my junior high school I often couldn't complete my homework, which made my teachers angry exceedingly.
So she always talk to my father, and said something to my father that I am not a good student in my class.
He always said to my teacher I am still young.
And now my father help me to go to college.
He gave me much money per mouth so that I could study better than I am in my senior high school.
Only in this way I could break away from my father.
In order to celebrate the publication of our new series of logistics books---New Perspective Business.
Since the logistics are playing a more and more heavy in today.
I believe these books provide you with a fresh perspective and they can enrich your knowledge of business.
My name is M.
I think I need to get a job as a waitress.
  I will answer you like this: to be a waitress can get more common sense.
It's related to my future life.
As we know, everyone in social need talk with the others, if I can't, my future life will be very difficult.
I can go to work every weekend.
Although I don't have more enough time to work, I must work harder than any others.
I look forward to receiving getting this job.
Actually, they make a great difference on myself.
I suggest that everyone should join in after-school activities actively.
You can choose every activity that you like to enjoy yourself.
The library is a place where students own read a book to learn.
Now a lot of people use mobile phones in the library reading area.
I think that students can proper use, but must be transferred into shock and don't listen to loud music.
Therefore, we should be aware of mobile phone use is not in the library, build a quiet learning environment.
As a college student, I think students and the teacher's outside interaction is very important in our life.
To cultivate students to be a competent man is teacher and student's duty, and they must fulfill it.
Today, advertising is become a important part of part daily lives.
In my own opinion, I think advertisement is good for us.
First, there are a lot of product in this world and it's various, if we don't have advertisement today, we wouldn't know which product is suitable.
The second, advertisement is a tool to spread imformation, if there have a new product, but not many people know this product, so only advertising can be promote it to the world even every corners.
Last, advertising can induce consumer interests and desire, it can promote consumer behavior of production.
For example, if there are not advertise product from trader, we wouldn't often want to buy something.
AS we all know, reading is the good acess to getting knowledge.
we can get many uesful information by reading.
However, different people has different ideas.
They think the best way of learning is practicing .
To begin with.
We start to read books when we were a little child.
reading has played an important part in our life.
You will be benefically if you read a good book.
What's more.
There are various kinds of books we can read .
some of make us happy.
some of cushioning stress.
More importantly.
In a word.
That's all what I think about a good teacher.
In the long history of human education, students are exposed to formal examination.
Testing a person by examinations is regarded as the only reliable and feasible method to measure one's knowledge and capability.
To begin with, student in university tend to believe that formal examination is out of date.
Because it can only improve marks on the text.
Furthermore, there is a real limit to personal capability of innovation and creativity.
As far as I am concerned, different test system based on different national phenomenon.
It is hard to say formal examination is right or wrong.
There is no doubt that everyone's heart has a people .
As far as I am cornced, mothere's love is the garetest love .
In spite of tired everyday, but she never say hardship .
As what is vividly shown in the picture, high school students, businessmen, housewives and divers are watching their smartphones on the street.
They are regarded as phubbing  , in other words, they always focus on their phones whenever and wherever.
There're three main reasons to support my point of view.
To start with, addiction to smartphone has a bad influence on our study.
Due to the appearance of various information, maybe when we had intended to search for related materials, as a result, we only choose to read other attractive things.
In this way, we not only cannot obtain something we really need but also it is a matter of wasting time.
In addition, it seriously affects our body.
When we put much time and energy on smartphone, we are bound to feel uncomfortable, like headache, dry eyes and neck ache.
What's worse, if we have been looking at the smartphone every day, it will bring about other diseases, such as female menstrual disorders and ischemic stroke.
Last but not least, addiction to smartphone will make people become more and more lonely.
Once we play with our phones continuely, as a matter of fact, we aren't used to communicating with others any more.
That is to say, the longer we use our phone, the less we communicate with people.
There is no denying that smartphone plays a vital role in a competitive society.
Located in the Tanwan Strait, Taiwan is the largest island in China.
The area of Taiwan is about 36000 kilometers square.
Taiwan is known to all over the world for it's beautiful scenery.
Taiwan has been a part of China since the ancient times on.
A number of people live in Taiwan came from Guangdong and Fijian.
For example, look at books, listen to music, etc.
It's bad for his health.
As we all know, english has been spread all the world.
More and more people use english to communicate with exotic persons.
For that reason, some people consider that english will use anywhere.
however, other people think we should pay attention to our own language.
In this society, students from elementary schools study english as a second language.
Studying english has been a normal class when I was a child.
Teachers encourage students to study english.
Nevertheless, other people think we should emphesise our own language's studying.
Chinese should be spread to the universe.
Now many people don't learn mother language very well.
In my view, we need to learn english well.
As the same time, study mother language and try to bring Chinese to others.
I went to climb the Xiangshan Hill in the sumnmer vacation.
I am very happy to went there with my good friends.
We gathered at the school gate at time.
We had many actives in there.
For example , we climbed the Xiangshan Hill.
We cooked lunch by ourself.
We played many gamesin the afternoon.
We took a camera with us so that took some pictures.
That day, we are so fun.
From the picture we can see a people on the computer screen saying some bad words, these words like the bomb that frighened the other people away off.
The online rumors have affected both people'smental and physical health seriously.
Because the computers are used more widely and an increasing number of people surfing on the internet.
If someone writing some bad words on the internet without your knowledge, once the online rumors spread and it can spread quickly.
The online rumors have so many bad effects and they influenced our life, it prevent the development of society.
On the one hand, we should't critic other's actions on the internet.
We should do a integrity, honest and kind people.
Now, many students not pay translate attention to translate in their study english.
There are three reason for it.
First, children think spelling haven't meaning, just to select A    B    C      D to their exam and have a good mark is ok.
Second, the teacher always let students to read.
Then less their ability to spelling.
Third, students haven't willpower to read words spell.
To change this fact.
In my opinion.
On hand, students have to be given to spelling, it is important.
Students should know given to spelling and speaking is importent than others.
Let them have a right think.
Generally, students should be given spelling.
The other hand, teacher should take some homework aboout spelling to students and add spelling frartion in exam, such as: make a watch, have some games or have a meeting to discuss  due attention should be given to spelling  .
I'm a college student.
I like English, but it's hard for me.
I can't pronounce so well.
So I plan to listen to the tape and read after it.
I can't read English passages quickly and can't write a passage clearly.
Now I plan to read more and practice writing often.
As for listening, sometimes I can't understand what others are saying.
So I plan to improve myself by listening to the radio and TV.
My life will be colorful and relaxce .
I am going to be a nurse, because I hope first care for my family and help many people.
l graduate from the university, l can work on a hospital.
l have best wish work on baby hospital.
l will be get along with myMy life in the future workmates.
l will be find a nice boyfriend, and we'll travel a lot and do many sports.
we have a little baby.
My family is very comfortable.
l will also read many books to relax me.
According to the history, we can know when the U.
So the dollar price of gold has become an important research reference.
My name is G, I come from T and 21 years olds.
I'm graduate in F college, and major in English.
Now, I want to find a suitable work.
As me, I'm an outgoing, sun, positive, serious and responsible work, bear hardships and stand hard work, and have a sympathy.
I prefer to help other people, because it made me happy.
I am good at communication with people and like a lot of out door activity.
People always say I am an easy-going person.
I hold organization ability and leader ability, society is a big family, maybe you can.
I hope employer offer me with platforms to exercise.
I will enhance bold and brave in during, and continue to improve myself.
I'm applying for the leave from Nov fifth to Nov eleventh.
In order to prove it, here is the e-mail which was sent by my bro.
Once I come back to work, I will catch up on all things that I had missed.
Some would like to stay with their lovers.
That means I have to spend two days in taking a train.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of Our Chinese lunar calendar.
Family members gather together in that day.
We will also travel and visit friends when the Mid-Autumn Festival is coming.
Therefore, the festival give us a chance to contact each other.
as usual.
Suddenly, I found a note on the kitchen table.
I was so strange and pick it up to read.
After reading it, I felt angry .
Not only he ate all the plums but also he had kn-owed these were I saved for breakfast.
On the other hand, I was relieved that my brother was honest.
At least, he left a note to tell me the truth and begged for forgiveness.
At this moment, my work was preparing other food for breakfast quickly because my parents would get up soon.
I cooked some eggs and heated milk.
From this case, I found that I didn't care enough about my family.
Every one has his own dream.
When I was a little kid .
and also sensible.
whenever I saw the children who should be sitting in the bright and spacious classroom reading and the old people who should be enjoying their twilight years.
but they even can not solve the problem of food and clothing, I felt very sad .
So my dream was to become a successful person, even a Universal man.
But now, standing here, my dream have already change a lot.
I dream of doing something bigger and splashyer , something more significant .
Now our motherland territory Diaoyu Islands is facing a crisis, the country's territory is in danger.
Now I will try my best to learn my professional weapon systems and Engineering.
and develope newer type weapon.
Last I have a recent ideal.
That's all.
My parents always educate me what we should become a diligent and thrifty man.
The life of college is more competitive.
I have failed in societies' tests, which humbled myself.
Comparing high school life, college life should be more dependent.
One day of two weeks, to my surprise, I found that I can't do washing well without my mother.
In some place we can not see fish swimming in the river or trees on the hills.
Birds are less than before, so is fresh water in the world.
One of the most serious problems is the serious pollution of air and oil.
The polluted air does great harm to people's health.
The polluted water causes diseases and death.
So I think, we must do something to protect the environment.
For example, we can go to school on or by bike instead of taking a car.
I think, everyone should realizes the seriousness of the problem and make concerned to protectour environment.
Reading different kinds of books is a good habit.
I think it is a good habit because I can learn things from books.
Books are not only my good friends, but also my teachers.
  .
I hope in student learning schools can be given more investment, give us create a good learning environment.
I think that time is money, some successful people time is very precious, a minute may lose a lot of money.
For the dying person, time will think that this life.
We cherish a deep-seated hate for now, is once again in the future also cannot go back.
When I was eight years ago.
I went to the TianJin Zoo with my father and my mother.
There are some kinds of animal in the Zoo.
Such as panadas, lions and tigers.
It are so cute.
The monkey were very smart and it're always made me laugh.
The giraffe were so tall.
In the noon, we had a picnic at there.
When the afternoon came, We went to home.
Despite my bad temper, she can always read my moods and forgive my faults .
Today, there is a new way to love , it's the network.
Some people being cyber love .
Some people suppose that cyber love is benefit and disadvantage.
Firstly love is a product of communication.
Cyber love's people talk with the network , they can say some what they tend to, but they can't say in fact.
Secondly, love is born of beauty in the distance.
Maybe they can more love each other.
If you haven't BF or GF , you can try to cyber love .
In 2004, the Athens Olypic Games, Liu Xiang won a gold medal with the record of 12.91 seconds.
And keep the world record for 11years.
In2006, with 12.88 seconds in Lausanne, Switzerland track and field super series broke the world record which had been lasted for 13 years.
But in the 2008 Beijing Olypic Games dropped out of the race due to injury.
In 2008, out of the race due to injury.
In 2012 was backed on the track.
Although no promotion.
If we let tourists damage them.
In my opinion, the first stage is all of the manufactures should not continue to produce products with excessive packaging and should focus on how to improve the quality of wares.
The second stage is that consumers should buy something because of its essence without packaging.
Students' Union plans to organise an outdoor activity.
We can get close to nature.
We get together on 7:30 at the school gate.
The activity begins on 8o'clock, and it will be last 3 hours.
We go to Guang Ming Farm.
It is 2 kilometers far away.
So we can get there by bus together.
People can plant vegetables and water flowers.
I invite you to come with us.
And the library to the life of students more and more important in the modern society.
It is a good place where students can make good use of their spare time.
Worse is to come, it will result in a great waste of time and money.
So I think restricting the mobile phone in the library is necessary.
Math is difficult to many people.
I only can added and substracted the figures.
Now I can learn math in many operating ways.
I feeled math is interesting and found the ways to learn this.
for instance.
when you met question.
you can put the question in the reality life .
So, if you met the question in math.
please you don't afriad about it.
With the rapid development of the economy, education is more and more important.
According to the the teacher and other commen students, there are something in commen betwwen these top students.
One of these is concentrate.
Top student allow no interruptions of their study time.
In addition, they are organize their time and materials properly, keeping everything just where they could get their hands on it, after all, even a short break to stretch or get some fresh air can work wonders.
In a short, learning how to study is significant for a top student.
As far as I am concerned, on the one hand, it is important for us to study from books well and achieve excellent academic scores; on the other hand, it is more important to develop other skills.
In the current society, people must have an all-round ability to society.
Besides, book is not the only way to success.
For the majority of people, download articles on the website has become the focus of their lives and the source of their happiness and contentment, so it is curial to download articles in the website.
Nevertheless we also should be serious with it, On the one hand, it will make our life more enjoyable, that is to say, it can add color to the dull routine of every day life.
Nevertheless on the other hand, it is worth noting that the author's copyright, this means that the writers' copyright issues will be affected.
At the same time, it is not clear that some author's book will not sally well if people can download them on the internet.
In a word, It brings people a lot of convenience.
I hope people can make good use of the download websites.
Besides.
The article first should be audit when they made on website before.
And by do this, people can believe that on the internet to download articles.
The meanwhile, their love for us is increasing without hesitation.
They rely on us more and more with the time pass.
The student who sat at the seat in front of me often lowered his head at the first English class.
After the class, I asked him whether he felt awful or not.
Between the third and the fourth class, everyone besides that student was chatting and laughing.
All the students were surprised.
I kept calm and called 120 at once.
Luckily, he left hospital safety at last.
Several days ago, a friend of mine bought some food in a market.
After eating the food with his friends, he got a stomachache and was sent to the hospital as a result of food poisoning.
This event need us think about.
Food safety is more and more important nowadays.
The whole society should pay more attention to food safety problems.
The government need to make more strict laws in order to protect the consumes' benefit and health.
I am very happy to announce you that our Student Union will have an English Speech Contest.
This is an interesting activity.
All the students in our university are invited to attend the English Speech Contest.
Those who are interested this activity's information you can go to our Student Union.
If you need any further information you also can call me.
My phone number is 1234567.
With the developed of the social, colleges are increasing, and the competition is too big.
And compitition is also a threat.
For this phenomenon, it's bring some bad influence.
For exmple.
This phenomenon maybe make students become unfriendly, and maybe affect other student's study.
And some students only reseving a seat, but then maybe not study, so affect other student's study.
In my opinon, this phenomenon is not increased.
We are going to classroom or library.
This phenomenon is good, but University's classroom or library has not enough seat.
So we are not blind to reserving a seat.
We must ensure us to study in our seat.
The one word in ancient poetry Jing yan si zhi, the explanation of character is usually quiet and inchon is mean calm down and do not show off your gift.
My favourite at school is the classroom, because it's bright and light, there are a lot of classmate.
We can not only each other help, but also learn together there improve learning level.
For example, they stay up late and are addicted to games.
Some students waste money in unneeded things.
Those bad habits may influence college students.
For example , they may be tired in class and do not reach their goals that they have builted.
Therefor, we should take effective measure to solve the problem.
I think our teather should aware their student form a healthy habit.
As a student, we shuold take more attentions to our lifestyle and control ourselves.
My name is X, from 2 class four.
Good morning everyone.
I'm of great honor to stand here and introduce myself.
My name is X and you can also call me lotus if you like.
I graduated from NO.20 High School and I come from a beautiful city called Z where is famous for delicous sea food.
I am a warm-hearted freshman, so kind.
I think that I am sure to help other people when they are in trouble.
Besides, I suppose I am a person of confident and honesty.
Frankly speaking, knowledge is vital and indispensable to man so that I like reading.
I also like watching TV and surfing the Internet, because these can widen our horizon and relax myself.
What's time, I like playing badminton.
What exists in my own thoughts is such a life, it is more about long walks in the quiet green campus, it is more about feeling the wind tough my face, as I go through on my bicycle.
At the same time.
I'm expecting the day of striding on a way to success and carry out parents'expectation.
I am proud of studying with everyone in the same class for the coming years.
I am sure our common dreams will come true from now on.
That's all about me.
To keep us safe, we should prevent the possible dangers.
Firstly, you should keep the dormitory clean and everything in good order, and stop using dangerous electrical appliance.
Secondly, you should be careful to climbthe bed when you put things.
It is known to us that, Abraham Lincolne's famous remark, give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe, which is equal to a beard well lathered is half shaved.
In our life, a large number of people long to be triumphant.
However, most of them are just saying instead of putting their dreams into practice , what's more , they don't make any effort imagining that success would come to them automatically.
As the saying goes, genius is 99% hardworking and1% inspiration, which tells us that success, not only intelligence included but also hard work.
Besides, when you are to work hard at something, you are supposed to trace for it seriously and carefully, which will make your way to success more smoothly.
In a word, the way to success is hardworking , inspiration as well as enough preparation.
In the cartoon, an old woman, who faced a mirror, was saying that she was lonely because no children accompanied with her.
It is widely thought that we should take care of our parents when they are old.
