Before the spring festival started, my mother took me to buy a new clothes and a pair of jeans.
I'm happy to put on it on.
In Chinese new year's eve, I with my parents went to my grandparents'home in the afternoon.
We stick the good fortune character in the window and spring poetic couplet in the door, we continued to do some cleaning before the dinner.
We ate dumplings that my mother made at the dinner on New Year's Eve and at the same time we watched the CCTV Spring Festival Gala.
It's very amusing for me.
We stay up late on New year's Eve.
In the past time, we set off fireworks.
I use my cell phone to send my good wishes to my relationship and my friends via the Internet.
From the third day of the New Year, we went to relationships' home to pay a New Year call and I get lots of red packets.
The Lantern Festival is the last day of the spring festival.
J-29 items are on the Pearl steamer ship, then it will be Changed in Hongkong May flower steamer ship.
About the system by CFR transactions.
Hello everyone.
I am glad to have a speech about being a good listener.
Second, we can show us the strength of being a good listener.
parents listen theirs children , parents will know the mind of their children more clearn.
that can reduce the arguments about parents with children.
Teacher listens students, that can help students knowing more technology out of book.
If classmate listen each other, and then the relationship between classmate and classmate will deeply.
Third, how to be a good listener.
The ways as follows, when someone talking to you.
You should look at his or hers eyes.
And you can't cut off other's talking.
Believe each other it is very important.
If we do these ways that we can be a good listener.
This behavior it is good for ourselves.
My speech is finishing.
In the other side of the situation, you choose to do the group project even thought the self study would bring more benefits to you.
Xian Xinghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music.
He was born in Macao, in the south coast of China.
He was born in 1905.
He was good at music and he studied in Pairs.
Later he began to make pieces by traditionai Chinese music.
He wrote The Yellow River in 1939 when he was 34.
And he was famous for it.
Xian Xinghai died young,1945.
Finally, I think that English would change a man .
Though our life is full of happiness and sorrow and pains are indispensable.
The pains that terminal patients have to suffer are far from what we can imagine.
I know you want to improve your spoken English.
First, you should communicate with your friends in English.
In your free time, you can listen radio about English news.
Joining English Corner, there are many activities about English.
If you like traveling, you can go abroad.
Such as Britain, America, Australia and so on.
I am so poor of my spoken English before that everyday I record my voice when I reading English articles or I singing my favourite English songs.
With the development of economy, unfortunately, our environment is becoming worse and worse.
Many cities in the world are struggling with the air pollution and people have to wear respirators to fight against it.
Among many causes, I think automobile is the major reason.
First of all, try to use public transportation instead of your cars whenever possible.
It has become a phenomenon that more and more people drive their cars every day, no matter where they go.
If things go on like this, you can imagine how bad our environment will be.
From now on, avoid using your private vehicle often and yo can choose to take subway and buses.
What's more, carpooling is also a good choice.
Secondly, I think government should take some measures to advocate fewer car uses.
For example, during the Beijing Olympic Games, Chinese Government issued an odd-even car ban.
More specifically, if the date is odd, it means people who possess even-numbered license plates are not allowed to drive cars.
This action made a huge success.
Everyone is responsible for creating a better environment.
The phenomena are likely to get some bad influence.
In my opinion, we shouldn't do that.
As a new college student.
Firstly, we must set a goal for ourselves, no matter how big it is.
Secondly, we should try our best to learn professional basic course.
Because it is your future job.
Thirdly, we can take part in some clubs, which you are interested.
Finally, you can find a part-time job when you have extra time.
In the contemporary society, it is very common for celebrities, or the so-called superstars, to be spokesmen or representatives for a wide variety of products.
There are, however, some problems for celebrities and the consumers.
To begin with, before representing, a star may know nothing about the product.
Thus, consumers may be mislead.
Even worse, for the sake of money, some stars advertise for items with low quality, even for fake commodities.
In the case of Sanlu, the public image of stars involved was spoiled.
Firstly, laws should be worked out to regulate celebrities' advertising.
Secondly, stars should be required to tell the truth to the public.
When my professor again encouraged me to take part in this Competition, I said no.
A winner is not one who never fails.
  Couragement is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
I will never forget my professor's couragement.
All praise to you, my beloved teacher.
Keep going forward, even in the toughest time, and never give up.
First, many students do part-time jobs, because they want to reduce their family's economic pressure.
Not all the students in school are all from the well-off family, many of them come from villages and maybe their family has been suffering a lot.
It is necessary of those students to take part-time jobs for money to pay for their living expenses.
Secend, many students do part-time jobs for improving their work experience.
In society, we can learn many things that school can't teach us, such as work experience, ability of communication.
Nowadays the number of whether people should keep pets is on the rise.
Like everything else, whether people should keep pets have both favourable and unfavourable aspects.
Firstly, many pets are very cute, how cute they are can get love from people.
Secondly, they can bring happiness to the people.
When people feel blue, pets can rely on the people, make them feel warm.
While we mention the advantages of pets, we cannot ignore its disadvantages.
To begin with, pets does not pay attention to keep cleaning, it is make people have a headache.
As far as i am corcernd, we should be friends with pets, they need we love.
There is some love around me.
I think children should be allowed to make their own choices.
In my opinion, children make some choices by themselves, though they are wrong, they are also happy.
For instance, long long go, a kid is so lazy, whatever his parents do for him.
Someday, his parents have to go out, his parents were afraid of his son being hungry.
So his parents put a cake around his neck, it looks so funny.
But when his parents come back they found his son had died by accidently.
The reason that his son was so lazy just eat in front of neck's cake, even be lazy to move the cake .
This example implies if parents always determine their children's life, their children will be worse last.
Parents should let chidren be more freedom.
But it's good for children.
Sometimes parents use their own experience to choose a corrective way for children.
Children are avoid of going more wrong ways.
After all, parents are older than us, their expeience are more than ours.
Anything has two faces, whatever you are listening to parents or listening to yourself.
Whtever when we choose any choices we must try our best to do it.
We should improve our selfcontrol, responsibility and some abilities.
On the one hand, students surf the Internet frequently is considered beneficial.
The reasons are as fallow.
Above all, they think that the Internet can provide knowledge and broaden their horizons.
Second, the Internet made it easy for us to communicate and share ideas with friends.
Wherever you are, you can contact others conveniently.
On the other hand, the students don't support the viewpoint of getting online frequently.
They told their reasons.
First of all, surfing the Internet is a waste of time.
Another, if you often get online, you will lose yourselve in the virtual world of the Internet .
You will addicted to chat and games.
In my opinion, use the Internet appropriately is helpful for our study and life.
Interacting with others is becoming moreand more easier through the Internet.
However, you should arrange your time and make a balance between getting online and studying.
Confucius teachings define the way of great learning as the enlightenment of brilliant virtues, the remolding of people, and the pursuit of ultimate goodness.
Firstly in high school study we just need to learn science or liberal arts but in college study we are required to learn both them .
On the one hand , in high school study the student always learn acknowledge by the teacher's explanations that is absolutely different with the college study in which the students learn by their talk with each other and their own practice.
I had suffered a period of confusion in my college study life.
If you had the same feelings with me, I advice you to attend more scientific research and social practice .
They all will exercise and enhance your abilities.
What is crucial you should make more friends both your classmate and your teacher.
As far as I am concerned, I totally agree with the idea of high level should retire at the age of 55.
In the fast-paced world of business, bolstered by even faster hi-tech innovations, a younger would seem to be able to adapt with greater flexibility, while such an environment might boggle an older more set-in-its-ways mind.
In conclusion, old employees shouldn't continue working for themselves.
Only education can popular knowledge and technology.
Try to think it, if all of the people in China whose education stop at a low level, that is to say, our country has never developed and even we would back to the old days before.
As we all know, human resource's important for those enterprise and our national.
And we also know, human resource's development depends on education.
In my opinion, all that human requirements to be achieved through education.
It is vividly depicted in the picture above, people are crossing the street looking at their cell phones and using walking sticks in order to see.
This drawing ironically reflects the phenomenon of overusing cell phones.
The negative impacts of overusing mobile phone can be summarized as below.
To begin with, it may exert detrimental impact on our health through its radiation, and watch mobiles for long stretches definitely impairs one's eyesight.
Many diseases have root causes in overusing cell phone.
Furthermore, one may stay inside his bubble instead of pursuing other endeavors.
Just imagine a group of people sit around a table, all immersing themselves on their iphone, instead of chatting and laughing with each other.
It would perform a negative character in interpersonal relationship and lose our intimacy with friends and family since we have less time to communicate.
So it is high time that we took effective measures to curb this trend.
With the great development of modern society, pollution has become a big problem to every person.
In order to solve it, many scholars come up with a new idea of modern lifestyle, called Low-carbon Lifestyle.
Nowadays, it becomes more and more popular with different people ignoring their jobs or ages.
As the name Low-carbon says, it calls on people to use less electricity which came from carbon.
We used to use petroleum to help us cook or to start our cars, but these were wasting resources which were very precious to get.
Now we can use batteries to start cars or give us lights, so it indicates an low-carbon ways.
Also, from the other hand, we should say that reuse or save resources are both ways.
For example, when we leave home to go outside for a long time, we can turn off the lights and unplug some electrical items to save electricity.
As a college student in the 21st century, I want to say that every one of us should keep a habit of living low-carbon lifestyle.
If we go to the school or a place which is not far away from us, we can ride a bicycle, take buses and even on foot.
These ways both save resources and make less pollution to the environment.
Apart from these terms, we need call on more people to join us, make them know the importance of low-carbon and take real activities to protect earth from being destroyed.
So, considering this, start your low-carbon plan from now on.
Itis an cute kind of amimals.
t has two long ears.
It also has a short tail.
They make rabbits so lovely.
Rabbits likes carrots.
If you are lonely.
It is furry, soft and white with two red eyes glaring above the chin.
Its ears are straight and long and they can turn and move slightly.
We had a heated discussion on whether the listening component of the gao kao should be canceled.
There are some people who think the listening examination shouldn't be canceled.
In their opinions, listening is so important as one of the four basic skills that we cannot ignore and it povides us with a way to get more information in our daily life.
However, each coin has two sides.
It goes without saying that some people don't agree with them.
They suppose that the listening examination should be canceled because it's unfair as the listening effects in different places are also different.
In addition, the levels of English teachers and the voice equipments have a large difference between urban and rural.
Everyone comes to this world, then God made arrangements for their own life.
Life, means different in different eyes.
Firstly, our life needs to set a clear target, or we just live like a walking dead.
Feeling that everything makes no sense, it makes you indecisive and spiritless.
Secondly, we need to possess some good quality.
Self-confidence is the power for moving up and the recipe of sucess.
Optimisim, is the buster of difficulties, saviour of failure.
Self-esteem, is the backbone of how to behave.
Our life also requires us to be wise, lasting study makes our life wonderful and our mind improved, everyone admires wisdom, but not everyone can achieve that level, because learning always be a tough things, it requires people to hold on.
Last but not least, we need friends and family, because friends can leave us colorful memories.
When we share the happiness and sadness together, we can feel the honesty, kind-hearted from them.
Our family members are who we loved.
In recent years, the blog being more and more popular.
In my opinion, the reason of blog's popular is the loneliness.
Nowadays, people have more and more pressures.
They want to let off the pressure and relax themselves.
their puzzle, confuse and want to talk whatever they eager to talk.
Blog can help people to share their ideas, their thought.
But there also have the disadvantage.
First of all is the safe issue.
In the blog, there have so many strangers that you may let out your personal information.
Li Hua is currently experiencing problems in life, he and his friends break Mary, feel very sad.
Why ask friends and Mary break the relationship.
Increase communication with friends and exchange opportunities, open minded.
We should understand each other, share with each other the passions.
Now I am a college student, but actually sometimes I am still a child, for example when I face to my father, and I think I will always depend on my father.
When I was young, I feel my father can do anything, he can repair items, cook delicious foods, and can interpretation what I can't understand, so in my heart, my father is a hero.
In everyday of my life, my father offer all things for me, such as my foods, my clothes, and my money.
I depend on my father, also because he has a lot of true friends, and he often teach me how to make friends and how to hold true friendships, I think is really important for my life.
In short, I think my father sometime like a friend, and sometime like a teacher, no matter when and where I can go beyond my father.
I remember, my first trip is very exciting.
My parents with me went to X When I was seven.
This was my firsttake plane.
I always look out of plane.
I think myself just like a bird I get X.
The weather is hot.
But TianJin is winter.
This hotel is very good.
Every day, my parents with me to visit some famous place.
It is very interesting.
That is my first trip.
And I think, I do not remember it.
Beacuse X is very beautiful.
What is known to all is that the tourism is developing very quickly.
People always say that every coins has two sides.
On the one hand, the development of the tourism can promote the development of the local economy.
Now, in order to attract more tourists and then to boost the economy growth, more and more city attach importance to the development of the tourism.
In order to change this phenomenon, we must take some effective measures .
As we konw, different counties have different culture.
For example, in the Chinese traditions, children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up.
From my point of view, the reason why Chinese children are expected to pay parents back as they grow up is because they are not economic independence with parents.
And Chinese traditional concept that filial piety is very important.
If you abandon the elderly parents, you will be to blame.
Also it's unfilial behaviour.
As far as I'm concerned, I am favor of opinion that it is necessary to pay parents back when they are old.
The parents raised our hard work, when they return them in the time of old age is as it should be.
Most important, many students are favorite in internet games or other games.
can't have a good job at future .
In my opinion .
In other word.
We shoud be committed in society and be absorbed in hard -working and learning.
A majority of people think that it is good for high school students to get online frequently.
The reasons are follows.
First, we can access information and broaden our horizons via the Internet.
Second, the Internet makes iteasier for us to communicate with our friends and share with each other.
Third, we can relax ourselves through the Internet.
we can watch movies, listen to music, play games and even shop on the Internet.
However, some of my classmates don't agree with them.
They think it will be bad for us if we get online too much.
As we all know, it isbad for our eyes to use the computer for a long time.
In the second place, some students can't control themselves well.
They are lost in chatting and playing games online.
As far as I consider, we are supposed to distribute time wisely and keep a balance between study and surfing the Internet.
I know the world a little.
In the world, some people were pool life.
They wasn't more money to used when them was ill.
The video I was learn more about AIDS.
I think AIDS to me is words, every time it doesn't effect me life, I don't care for it, before the class.
﻿In the class, I saw some picture, in the picture I feel those people suffering from AIDS look so thin and helpless.
I think we should do something to help them.
In the past, if one person can go to the college, his or her family would very happy.
Beacause when he or she graduate from the college, he or she can get a stable job.
But now, the situation is changed.
Now, college graduates should find jobs by themselves rather than get jobs obey the organisation.
Just as every coin have two sides, different people have different opinions.
For example, the female would love to do some works that steady, relax, fun and respectful just like teather, nurser, singer and so on.
On the contrast, the male like challenge, creative.
They are ambitious man.
For our life, every one must have difficulty in doing something.
When you are in trouble and it is hopeful for you to do it, I do believe you will try your best to get out of trouble and never give up.
You have conquer yourself and you will have confidence to do other things.
If hope in your mind, you will live a beautiful life.
However, you can have a good effect on the persons around you.
It is good for our society.
On the contrary, if you lose hope, you will lose heart firstly.
Secondly you will not only take part in activities, but also won't trust yourself, afterwards you will lose everything belonging to you.
Above all, we cannot lose hope.
I'll introduce something about shadow play.
Shadow play or shadow puppetry is an ancient form of storytelling and entertainment using opaque, often articulated figures in front of an illuminated backdrop to create the illusion of moving images.
Shadow play is a popular folk drama in ancient China, and it is the ancestor of world films.
During a shadow play, puppeteers hide themselves behind a white curtain and move stick-mouted puppets, while also narrating the story through folk song.
Performances are generally accompanied by musicians playing drums and stringed instruments.
At that time, it brought people pleasure as modern movies and TVs do.
It originated during the Han Dynasty when one of the concubines of Emperor Wu of Han died from an illness.
He was devastated and summoned his court officers to bring his beloved back to life.
The officer made a shape of the concubine with donkey leather.
In modern society, it's very difficult to find the mysterious drama again because of the development of Tvand Movie.
Like some other folk arts, it gradually becomes the one that we can only see in the TV.
But the government still try their best to protect and develop this old art.
Or to go to South Korea shopping, or through a variety of stores, enjoy unique pleasant experiences.
I am a student , I study in huangjiang middle school.
I always spend my free time in some interesting ways.
I like playing piano, do sport , read books and so on.
I like reading books and playing with my classmate.
After class we have 10 time, I Like playing with my classmate and read book.
After school, I very like playing ball with my classmate when I have a free time.
The sports meet lasted two days.
As a part of the team that show our academy image and spirit, we everyone should get up early that day so that we can get ready for the performance at the opening ceremony of the spots meeting.
The square of our academy is everyone making five circles.
Exactly, our rings are in five colors: red, blue, yellow, black, just like the Olympic rings.
All in all, every academy has its own unique feature.
Next, the stem-winding part is the competition among athletes.
We shouting, yelling, screaming, roaring.
Every athlete who represents our academy was worth to be inspired.
I want to study English for different reasons.
English is very useful, maybe when we work some years later, we will work for some big internation companies.
So I should learn English morn hard.
If we intend to get success, we have to make great efforts.
As Lincoln said, before we have to prepare a lot.
The heavy road traffic has influnced people's daily lives, and people who ignore traffic rules make accidents normally.
It is of a supreme important that we should pay attention to our heavy traffic issue.
On the one hand, every citizen has a responsibility to observe traffic rules.
But few of citizens have realized the importance of traffic rules.
What is more, there is an increasing number of traffic accidents happened because of our careless.
On the other hand, our society rules and public regulations have clearly proposed that protecting the order og traffic is everyone's duty.
Without drivers and pedestrians' aware of observing society rules and regulations, the traffic issue would become an useless issue.
If we go home, .
We know you will soon arrive and study here as a exchange student.
Our city is very gorgeous to live where the weather is frequently sunny.
Besides, we have a large number of delicious food such as the dumplings.
Let's come to talk about our class which is composed of 42 members.
When you are here, we will make every effort to leave you a satisfied impression.
We have a strong appetite for American knowledge.
In result, I invite you to describe it, which can contribute to improving our understanding and friendship.
Everybody knows China is a developing country with the largest population to feed.
At present, there had some phenomenon of waste on campus.
I think i must to be appeal to everyone to save energy, put an end to waste, advocate low carbon environmental protection way of life.
So we want to save energy, we couid be save water, electric or gas.
And we advocate campaign called Clearing Your Plate.
Also, we should be go outdours on foot or by bike.
We can also turn off the light when lift.
Or use less air conditioning.
To save energy, started from me.
we are pleased to inform you that the above mentioned goods of our Sale Confirmation No J-29 had been shipped by S.
We are regret to say that we are unable to shipment of the whole order .
If you are in urgent need of the goos , the best we can do is to transport by S.
The winer holiday is coming, Daming wants to enjoy himself during the holiday .
He gets up at half past eight in the morning , then he washs his face and brushes his teeth.
He has breakfast at 8:45.
after that , he does his homework carefully for one and a half hours.
At 10:30, he goes to the park and do some exersise here.
In the afternoon , he goes to have English or computer classes from 13:00 to 15:00 .
programmes.
he puts his things away at 20:30.
I think his plan is very reasonable.
So, while advocating competition, we must not forget cooperation.
Hello everyone, I am Tom, a student in Y High School.
I was born in the beautiful city--T, on January 17th,2002.
At the age of seven, I went to P Primary School and became a student.
My first English teacher was Mrs. Wang.
She was kind but strict.
Hello, Miss X.
My Chinese name is R.
You can call me Eva.
I am 20 years old.
I have long brown hair like other girls.
But I do not have a sweet smile.
Although I was born in autumn, I am very enthusiastic like summer.
Yep, I am a easy-going guy.
S is my hometown and it is very beautiful.
Z is the most happinese city in Y.
There are five people in my family.
My father and my mother are managing a clothes shop.
My grandmother likes coking.
And I have a 16 years old brother who is a middle school student.
Next, let me talk about my hobbies.
I love reading.
I like Han Han, who is one of the famous writers in China.
I love shopping with friends, too.
Because I think shopping is a good way to relax.
However, I do not like doing exercise.
Firstly, I am lazy.
Secondly, I hate sweating.
At present, I do not have too much ideas.
Last week, I joined the Communist Youth League.
I just want to try my best to finish all my works.
I want to learn more in the Communist Youth League.
I think that study English is very difficult, but it is one of the most important language in the world.
So we should learn English well.
I want to study English, because it is very interesting for me.
English is very important in our life, it can heip me with making many new friends.
English can also help me with learning different cultures.
I'm a student in senior grade two in Huaxing High School.
With over 3200000 books, about 60000 DVDs and CDs, Tianjin Library allows us a great access to large resources where we will easily find things we need.
Besides, many magazines as well as newspapers are expected to make us relax.
The library is located at 15th Fukang Road and any people with interest is warm welcomed to be here from eight thirty to ninteen o'clock except on Monday and Friday mornings.
It is also a capital punishment.
It means the executioner use his power which from the law to end a person who can be called a prisoner's life.
Nowadays many nations who flaunt ''Benevolence''try to abolish the death penalty.
First of all, the death penalty cannot prevent crime from happening in some degree.
And it can not maintain the social balance.
Criminal law's effect to reduce criminal is limited.
And a criminal is not only formed by the maker himself.
Our society also has a responsibility.
If we want to reduce criminal, we should strengthen education and improve the social environment.
Nowadays, death penalty has been an international issue.
Next, death penalty can not shock and reduce homicides.
Because it often happens between ordinary people.
They may not want to kill someone.
But a quarrel or some other things create this.
At last, everyone has only one life.
If an injustice happens, nobody can turn back the clock to give the death a justice.
But the injustice often happen.
There are many examples that after someone has had an execution while the police find that he is not the murderer.
Besides, there are so many people who are forced to admit he is the murderer because they can't bear torture.
The death penalty is really a step back.
Our not perfect legal system can guarantee there is no injustice.
And everyone has a right to survive.
The difference between lecture and interactive class is obvious.
The latter is more interesting than the lecture class.
With a hot discussion in the class may strengthen our comprehension about the topic.
In China, the normal teaching style is a lecture.
First of all, the teacher taught very well.
Hello, i am james.
I am 14 years old.
I like playing basketball, reading books, watching TV and so on.
In my free time, I like donging housework and playing games.
I usually go hiking with my parents.
In my school free time.
I often play games with my good friends.
This is my free time.
The new semester met the innovative teacher, And this is the first class today, so all of us are thrilling in that we will see our english teacher and all of us are worry about the teacher and at the same time we are anticipated of the new teacher.
After a while, a graceful, soulful teacher come to our view .
To start with, she introduces herself to us with moderate and fascinated .
She was wearing a ponytail and she is wearing a fashion garment.
Next she told us some crucial thing about the writing.
On sum.
We meet a pleasurable english writing teacher is once in a blue moon .
In our life , there is always a people standing behind our body .
He or She still encourage us to help us go through terrible and also share our happiness with us.
At the same time , teach us how to have a full and exciting life .
Compared with peers , when I am a child , my mother hited me less than other childrens'mother .
My mother is gentle very much .
Maybe quarreling with my classmates is inevitable, but it's impossible to fighting and curse .
I don't lose temper to everyone now .
I belive that you respect others and others also respect you anyway .
All in all, I love my mother most.
Golgi said that All the world of glory and pride from his mother .
His face was black, not only because of the skin color, but also he had a very strict face, it seemed like a black cloud every time he went into the classroom.
And he will ask us to do a lot of excercises to understand it.
I only meet my best friend twice every year because I must study in different country.
I miss you so much and I want to meet you.
she said.
I agree with her at once.
First, we meet at the people park and decided to play something at 1:30p.m.
Second, we went to ferrule and we are so excited because we got a rabbit.
Today's college students face many pressures, they are mainly from parents'expectation, study, emotion and all kinds of competition.
Although pressure can provide motivation in a sense, excessive pressure has a serious negative affect.
Learning the damage of excessive pressure, college students should learn how to relieve pressure.
First, we should make a right recognition to ourselves, so it can be better make use of advantages and avoid disadvantages.
Second, we should set a clear aim to struggling.
The aim can give us motivation and active emotion.
As I as is concerned, my pressure is mainly from future.
In order to reduce my negative emotion, I make a clear analyzing to my ability.
And I know what I should do.
I also saw the eyes cleaners emit a kind of sad, helpless look.
Without cleaning, the world will become a waste of the world, let a person feel be.
I think that the college has a lot of free time to do the things .
I am a college student now.
He's twelve, me too.
We have a same school, and we have a same class: Class 5 Grade.
He have a friend, she is Betty.
She from English.
The Voice of china, which was first shown on July 13 in 2012, won a large amount of audience who was fond of it.
From The Super Girl was shown in previous years, the music talent show became a hot topic among students, even office workers.
Compared with tne other music talent show, The Voice of China has four judges who can not see the singer at the begining.
The judges choose their students by turning their chairs back, if more than one judge turns, the contestant can choose their favorite star teacher.
tne reason why the voice of china was so popular that not noly all the judges are famous pop stars but also tne program is very real.
Nowadays with the development of tourism, people now are not content with going sightseeing.
Different people have different ideas on the tendency of tourism.
On the one hand, it is held by some people that university should open to tourism.
For universities are different from senior or junior schools.
An open environment can bring more advanced informations which are helpful for universities develop.
But on the other hand, many people hold the opinion that universities should not open to tourism.
They believe that too many people from the society visit campus will bring amounts of problem.
It is bad for the guarantee of school.
As for me university can open part of campus for tourism which will bring money.
I know how to make a good impression.
As a student, making a good impression means that you will get well with your classmates and teachers.
First to clean yourself.
Although we mustn't be misled by appearances, the looks is the first expression what you give others.
Second to be confident.
If someone looks at feet and speaks in a low voice, you will make a self-based expression on others.
Confidence is a important thing you need to take care of.
Last but not least, to be happy.
Happiness just like sunshine, it can spread to everybody around you.
On the other hand, it is a good choice to enrich our spiritual life.
I'm more experienced than you.
Go and run 5 circles around the playground  .
That's the worst day of my life .
It's a white dog.
It's got four legs and two big ears.
It's very very cute.
It's lives in my home.
It can run very fast.
It eats bones.
I like this dog.
Firstly, let me tell you the geographical conditions.
Switzerland is situated in the centre of Europe with the population of 7500 thousand.
It covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres and Berne is the captain city of it.
What's more, Geneva is the city of it, which is known to all the world.
Secondly, to tell you the other conditions.
Switzerland is called'Gardon of the world' because of the fantascinating senery.
And it is famous for its watch industry most.
However, we heaven't eough opportunities to reach out to it.
Luckily , learning English online is very helpful to us.
With the development of modern science, city life has become more and more convenient.
Naturally, cities have a variety of facilities, such as libraries, museums, galleries and so on.
Cities have lots of forms of entertainment-big stores, theaters and the like, which attract many persons.
At the same time, the pollution in cities has become really serious, which includes air pollution, water pollution and noise pollution.
The traffic is so heavy that you will feel anxious.
While in the countryside, you can be close to nature.
The air is fresh and the sunshine is warm.
Then you will feel relaxed and comfortable here.
Both cities and countryside have their strong points.
Nonetheless in my opinion, I prefer country life to city life.
My name is T.
I heard that you had hah a disscusion about wether senior high school students should carry their telephone with them.
Telephones have a lot of advantages.
For exanple, we can stay in touch with our parents and friends easily.
Telephone still have many problems.
If we make a phone call during classes, it would make a mess and affect other students.
We use telephone to chat with others and this will waste a lot of time and money.
In my opinion, we should use telephone in a right way.
We should not use telephone in class.
We must not use telephone to play or cheat in the exam.
I want to check details for an event next week with you.
I have booked for the event in the conference.
I am pleased to be able to comfirm the schedule with security.
When I feel down, she would talk to me to make me better.
When I am a teen.
One day I was listening to rock music, like a shot, blasting forth.
My mom burst into the room and shouted  turn off the video, I cannot stand it.
  Mom, it makes me excited, I am love listening to it.
  No, the lyrics more than it is no rhythm.
I cannot understand why you like it.
  Mom, it is popular to us, all of teens like it.
My mobile phone is a oblong-shaped flip phone with a beautiful white exterior, the cover of which decorated with white patterns and sliver rim made of stainless steel.
After the cover opened, under its big screen, there is a sliver logo of its brand.
Below the screen are the buttons which are designed to be much bigger compared with other cell phones for its amenity.
Besides, there are some special buttons on the right of the mobile phone, each represents a function including picture shooting and volume adjusting.
On the top right corner ties a green cell phone charm that I bought from the EXPO in memory of the grand meeting.
On the back of the cell phone, there is a camera and a little screen shows the time.
Somehow , I couldn't fall asleep at night, I thought too much.
When I said goodbye to my parents, I realized that from then on I must learn to do all things by myself.
A lot of people said to me, Study hard, and you will get freedom when in university.
But when I really entered university, I find the real situation is different.
what's more, many people get injured while walking.
I am your student , I recently found more and more high school students online.
But the premise is that you will make good use of it, it is the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
These are bad habits, it is because of these bad habits, that leads to the result straight many students fall, In my opinion, this is not correct, so sometimes it is this lack of self-control.
A famous old proverb says that: truth often lies in the hands of few.
This proverb shows that the opinion of the majority is likely to be incorrect and is easily to lead people to think in a wrong way.
And some opinions that shared by plenty of people can create huge mistakes so that these opinions are absolutely a poor guid to people.
The novel 1984 written by Goerge Orwell is a example of the popular opinion is a poor guid.
In 1984, everyone is under the control of the Big Brother's government.
The government manages to eliminate the rebellion and make the people obey the all the rules.
Winston Smith, however, begins to rebel by writing dairies and having a relationship.
These two things are both seen as illegal under Big Brother's government but legal in the real world.
In the end, Big Brother discovers what Smith do so that Smith fails to rebel and be taught to obey and love Big Brother like in the past.
Another case is Nicolaus Copernicus, a polish astronomer who funded the heliocentric theory.
Copernicus took a great interest in astronomy so he started to observe the universe very early.
After a series of observation and calculating, Copernicus posed the heliocentric theory which was extremely objected by the Roman Catholic Church.
He devoted himself to write the book De Revolutionibus Obium Coelestium which , however, was only published when Copernicus nearly die.
Nowadays, we all know the sun is the center of the solar system.
However, Copernicus theory was covered by the opinion of majority for a long time.
As the cases of the novel 1984 and Copernicus above, the opinion of majority may be believed and seemingly correct.
The time , however , will reveal the mistakes and the consequence that the notion has brought.
Family means is father and mother I love you, I love my family, I love my father and my mother.
My dad is strict with me and I have a great esteem for him in that he can drive many cars especially marvelous - scale car.
I think my dad not only brave, but also intelligence now.
My mother is housewife, although my mom is not have a good health, she still cleaning house and cooking delicious food.
I congratulate myself that I am born in a happy family.
I also thanks for god give me intelligenle father and kindly mother.
Switterland is located in the middle area of the Europe.
Berne is the capital city of Swiss but it is not the largest city of Swiss and even does not have international airports.
Geneva is the most famousof Swiss because of having a lot of places of interest.
Swiss is a mountain country full of beautiful scenerier such as Alpus.
Because of this, Swiss is called  The world's garden  .
In the last, because we are young we should learn to be independence, nowadays, the society need more and more independent person, and there is a word saying that God help those who help themselves.
College students encouraged and organized to take part in social practice .
First, they are provided with more chances and opportunities to contact with our real society.
Hello everyone, my name is Alice, that is my favorite gift.
He is a dog and his name is perter, today he is 2 years old, in my 12years old My parents bought he, I am 14years old.
He is very beautiful and smart, he can play the ball and play dance.
The dog is very smart.
But sometimes he is trouble, he gets the sofa and he eats food every morning.
However, I think I can always play with he.
In my opinion, I think animals should be kept in the wild.
Today.
With the time passing by and the development of science and technology, entertainment plays an important role in our daily life.
There are variety of proograms to satisfy different needs and tastes.
Such as TV soap serious, TV shows, the china of voice and so on.
We are all familiar with them, in particular is TV soap serious.
There are probably two reasons for this strange phenomenon.
On the one hand, people are affected by combining western and chinese culture, which can convey our emotional.
As we all know, Da Chang Jin is very famous at a certain time, which attracts thousands of people to watch it.
But in my eyes, I don't think that is a good thing.
Too much time is wasted by TV soap serious, which has a lot of bad effects on people.
For example, in order to watch it, people forget to work and study.
They are all curious about the TV soap serious and addicated to the acting and the story.
It is a scary thing that they view it on the midnight.
According to a recent survey, about 70% women likes to view the TV soap serious, such as housewife, young landy and students.
It is obvious seen that they are all femal.
Maybe they are long for be loved.
They care about something what they like.
However , just like every coins has two sides.
We should keep in mind that is not a reality.
Although it brings us a lot of fun and joyness.
In a word, we should look for fun from our colourful life and real experience.
Consequently, I'm confident that a bright future is awaiting us.
As the saying goes: book is the first of teacher for everyone.
However, in modern society is full of temptations.
geting to know ancestots and absorbing their center view.
Reading classical books can enrich our knowledge and develop our view.
As is known to all, waste on campus has become a more and more serious problem.
The negative effects of waste is harmful to students development.
As far as I am concerned, we need take actions to solve the problem.
We should refrain from wasting anything, from food to stationery.
We ought to call on more schoolmates to fight against waste.
What's more, we must save money to help parents reduce the burden.
As can be seen in the picture, a lot of buildings surrounded by a few trees are coughing constantly under the grey sky, even some of them are wearing masks, which imply that the living environment is polluted a lot by air pollution.
We should strive our best to clean the air.
First of all, the factories are prohibited to discharge poisonous gases.
If they don't obey, they must be punished.
Secondly, try to drive less to reduce the vehicle exhaust emissions, we could get out by transports, or walking or ride a bike.
Thirdly, we should not incineration of garbage, because it will produce the poisonous gases.
Air pollution is more and more serious, so clean the air is necessary.
Its popularity and high profits made factory produce more.
As a result of its tiny costs or even for free, a mount of plastic bags were thrown up that used only once with no hesitation.
The phenomenon caused government's attention.
In recent years, a policy that restrict the use of plastic bags was announced.
It's definitely meaningful for us and environment.
On the one hand, it can let individuals reduce the number of plastic bags used.
On the other hand, it can make more individuals realize the harm of plastic bags on the environment.
It tells us that a strong will is the guarantee of success , or we may give it up for many many reasons.
We hunt for food , when we find that there are many many food on the other band of the river , what should we do .
Only the man with a strong will can finish the great target , like Newton , Madam Curie , Franklin and so on.
It also apply to us students .
If we don't study hard , we won't be the useful talent .
It's impossible to own a brilliant life if you don't have any courage.
First, let me introduce Li Hua's ideal job.
She wants to be a fashion designer.
Painting is her favourite hooby and she is good at it.
Chang Li Li dreams to be a.
gardener.
She is fond of plants.
Expecially flowers, she thinks they are beautiful and can decorate the city.
Ma Kai likes writing and he prefer to sharing his storys to others people.
Cook is Sun Jun's favourate job.
He is interested in cooking and can do.
I like math very much so I want to be a mathematician.
I like the feeling that work out a difficult question.
These are my group members ideal jobs.
Innovation is the power that makes human get progress, this is what life tell us when we try to do better.
But when you try to do something that other people have never done, you will be in a dilemma that you don't know whether you should keep on working.
Because there is also anther saying that , The old one is better.
To be innovative or not, this is a question dating back to the beggening of human civilazition.
The step of innovation is always heavy, as the end of your try is unkown.
And in some ways, people is scard of getting innovation by this reason.
Tomato is a kind of delicous fruit and also a kind of vegetable fulled with nutration that people needs.
But while we call it tomato, it also has another name we can never link it with - Devil apple  .
In old days, tomato was a kind of decorative plant in Spanish Royal becausse of its beautiful shape and color.
It's red just look like blood and fire and it made people imagine of devil in a first second.
So people never tried to eat or even taste it as they thouht they would die.
A hungry dying young man ate it that made him back to earth by accident.
He told others tomato is a delicious food, but others don't believe.
Others thout he was crazy and kept away from him.
He wanted to make others belive in him.
So he made a tank of tomato soup in a crowded sreet.
People was attarked by its tasty smell.
He invited others to tast it but no one did.
But after the first one tasted it, people was amazing that he was alive and was enioy of the soup, and then people all tasted it.
  Sometimes we just need a little courage to make new things happen.
As an old saying says The early bird catches the worm reminds us that if people want to be triumphant and outstanding.
In one word, the saying shows us the importance of planning, working hard and constantly trying.
There's many valuable things in our life .
Money, wisdom, truth, power and beauty are all very useful and attractive.
absolutely the most important , or others think truth , power and beauty is the first choice.
Now, let me tell you the fact.
Take city construction as an example, large amount of money is necessary, but how to make full use of it without wasting needs big wisdom.
Properly distributing and bravely investing are thanks to wisdom.
In the final, wisdom exists in our mind.
Human is the highest level in animals and have the highest intelligence.
Nowadays it's well-known that excessive packaging has been a phenomenon existed in the market .
In the other aspect, the merchants long for earning much more so that they pay more attention on the packaging regardless of the main product.
The last point is the lack of the government's regulation.
In my opinion, the excessive packaging reflects to people's psychology of showing off.
The price of a gift depends on your intention rather than its packaging.
The merchants should treat the customers with sincerity.
In terms of family, if they take the part-time job, they are capable to earn some money whether for making up household spending or saving pocket money.
Consequently, they can relieve the economic burden of parents.
In terms of their own, the part-time jobs play an important role in enriching life experience and cultivating various abilities.
Helping others is the basis of our lives.
In order to improve my math, I set some goals.
I feel I am eager to learn more about recreational sports.
I really want to hit the road and start a new kind of life right now.
From the upper picture we can clearly see two young men, computer, mobile phone and book.
For one thing, for many Post-80s more and more appeared Mortgage Slave  in China, for the sake of the house back the heavy shell.
  There may be some truth to that.
As the college graduates who are still financially dependent on their parents.
In my opinion, some drastic measures should be taken.
Through the continuous efforts of high school, I went to my idea university.
I am very excited.
When I was really into university, found that college life is not imagination of so simple.
Even if very different.
I still want to do well.
In my university life, I will try to do a good job in every subject.
Use their spare time to do some meaningful things.
You have made two mistakes.
First of all, you should not refuse her.
As a saying goes, vibrant women are beautiful.
I am Li hua, the chairman of our school union.
As we know, the capacity of delivering a speech can be an exact reflection on one's competance of thinking and speaking.
If you are exerted to prepare your speech now, take notice of my advices as follows.
First, making sure your performance lasting no more than 5 mintues.
Futhermore, Only if you can recite your speech fulently in advance will you make a better performance and thus making a careful preparation is a must.
Additionally, it won't be too much to emphasize the importance an possessing self-confidence.
In the future, high technigue will be filled with our life.
In the school, computer will take the place of book of paper making.
The student will accomplish schoolwork in the computer.
Then the computer software will take the place of teacher that getting homework over for the student.
In our life, the car will be on the way out.
The trolleybus will replace to the car.
The resident got out to take the trolleybus.
We rely on the solar energy to generate electricity.
The environment will be more and more good.
According to the chart, the part-time jobs started in 1990.
Nowdays, more and more students choose to take part-time jobs in or out school.
As far as I am concerned, at first, it is because the company requires candidates have work experience that students want to accumulate experience by taking part-time jobs.
Secondly, Social pressure is more and more big, the students have to plan for their own future early.
Students perfer to spend the free time to take part-time jobs than stay in their own apartment.
As we all know, there are more and more online courses in our lives among which there are many professional ones indeed.
There are several reasons for the formation of the 'heat'.
Firstly, the development of Internet technique is the biggest contributer which is the base of online course.
Secondly, people become more likely to stay at home than going outside with wasting a lot of time on the way.
Thirdly, not only teenagers have a need to learn, but also many adults do.
In my view, having online course is an easy but effective action as long as there is powerful monitoring system for both the instructor and students.
First , e-books have much radiation and affect our skin quality .
Second, if we carry e-books for trip without enough electricity, we will not have access to read .
After three years' hard work, you succeed in entering a good university .
In university you should learn both widely and deep.
It's important to develop your potention there.
I had heard an aphorism said Histories make men wise ; poets witty ; the mathematics subtle ; natural philosophy deep ; moral grave ; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
It said that if a person want to be elegant and successful, he must read properly.
Reading this book can give you a whole view of the past world.
It can give you a clear idea about the enterprise success and personal development.
Finally, you must read your textbooks.
With the topic of  The English Novel I Like Best  , a heated discussion is going on recently.
So far we have got a number of enthusiastic participants.
As is symbolically and apparently showed in the cartoon that some adolescences are striding forward violence with axes in their hands.
This drawing reflects a thought-provoking social phenomenon which is quite common now that few people pay attention to.
To begin with, with the development of science and technology, the information including many trash messages diffuses widely which is a cause of the behaviors.
Furthermore, more and more families have only one child and the parents give then too mich love, overlooking the education of children though.
Most importantly, the younger students can not receive legal education in poor areas.
From my perspective, the phenomenon of adolescence crimes should not be neglected.
On one hand, the schools should take steps to encourage children to concentrate on good qualities which help them succeed.
On the other hand, the families should pay more attention to children's moral and legal education.
In recent years, the domestic food safety problem is the continuing concern.
Food security for society and people life to bring the adverse effect.
In economy of our country countryman, the food industry has become the first big industry.
China and the world of food safety incidents continue to occur vicious cause people attach great importance to food safety, also urges the Government to reconsider has risen to the height of national security and world countries to increase food safety supervision.
In order to improve food safety, we should do the following.
Visting university campus has been rather popular with tourists today.
However, people are having differing opinions about whether a university should be open to public.
Firstly, travelling in university campus is cheaper than travelling to other viewspots.
You don't need pay tickets or hire a tourguide.
Besides it's cheaper, universities are worth visting because they provide the visitors with plenty of useful information about their features and majors.
If people who are applying for college, travelling in campus can help them to know more about their ideal colleges.
Admittedly, visiting university campus have one or two drawbacks.
Under the today's society, The number of college graduates to increase gradually.
Cause a lot of the reasons of this phenomenon.
On the one hand, social competition pressure increased, Increase the employment pressure.
The ability of students to improve requirements of the company.
I think, In fact nothing can intertwine, everyone are not all the same.
As for me, I have really been very well.
I know you were so enthusiastic in learning.
Reading was always your hobby.
  And I say, different books have different usages.
Of course, you aim is to develop yourself, but that's too general.
Of course, there are some books, actually textbooks, that you can not avoid, for you are a student anyway.
But don't be satisfied by only getting good grades in exams.
In the fall of our final year, the relaxed atmosphere had disappeared, and we all started to work hard.
Furthermore, at the back of everyone's mind was what we would do next after graduation.
The next day morning, we went to catch crabs.
Eventually, I understood why my father had suggested catching crabs that morning.
Actually, my father wanted to told me not to be pulled back by others.
Besides, look back at the classes you're taking, and think about which ones were most productive for you personally.
Nowadays, lateness is a very serious problem.
Some people are always late for school, for work, or for any appointment, no matter how important it is.
It is impolite.
So, in my views, we should try our best to avoid being late.
First, we can make an early alarm clock to avoid lateness.
Making an earily clock can help us avoid the emergency things.
We also can make good use of the time that is extra.
The most important thing is that we can avoid traffic jam.
Second, we should sleep early at night so that we can get up early at morning.
Having a good sleep is good for our life.
If we stay up at night and we won't get up early next morning.
Third, we can make a time schedule to let us be more punctual.
In today's society, lateness is everywhere , what we can do is to avoid this phenomenon.
After all, lateness is impolite to others.
In China, all students face the reality that they study for the exam not for themselves.
The chinese learning style pay much attention on the score and teaching not learning.
What's more, the chinese are used to ignoring the creativity which on children'brain.
Nowadays, we can find the gap between the east and the west because of education.
The chinese learning style will make children do in the right way but lack creativity.
Following teaching, children are lazy of thinking and look forward to announcing the answer.
In my view, It's so important that the chinese learning style is creative.
Although we have to adapt to this style, we prefer learning in free.
Nowadays, working or studying in the library is fashionable in our daily life .
we usually can see somebody use the mobile phone in the library.
A boy played with the apple tree when he was a child.
One day , the boy want to buy a toy, and the tree agree the boy to pick apples from it.
At last, the boy returned again but he was old.
But in this social, it is too easy to cheat.
If the boy took the apples, branches, and trunks and never return, the tree will lose much things, not only the substances, but also the friendship, its mind.
Friendship is very important.
Acccording, to this article, we can learn much things .
The friendship should keep.
And if you want the friendship , you need much time.
We are glad to advise you the captioned goods of J-29 confirmation have been shipped by S.
S. ''pearl .
And it will be transferred by S.
we have dispatched fax on 15 March,2013 so that you can arrange the relative insurance in time .
My first trip to Jixian County when I was seven years old.
I went there by car with my mother, my father and my brother.
The air is fresh and the river is very clear.
I went fishing with my dad over there and picked lots of fruit.
I saw a lot of hills and streams near the hotel where I stayed.
There are many trees on the hills.
That's very beautiful.
I wanted to climb the hills.
But my mother didn't allowed me to do that.
She think that that's very dangerous.
We eat eggs, fish, roast lamb and chicken.
The people in Jixian County is very kind and friendly.
They give us some hawthorns when we left there.
I really enjoyed the trip.
There is a big garden in our community.
There are some flowers in it.
I live on the second floor.
There are three bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and a living room.
My bedroom is small, but it's very clean.
But you ask her what make her has a big change and she must tell you that knowledge change fate , And she has ever said three things were impressive to her , The first , she was grateful for her parents .
Because they gave her a nice family which is full of love .
We will never parley; we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang.
With the time going, I was growing up slowly.
I can do something by myself gradually.
So I want to do them.
However, My father thought I still was a child.
He didn't allow me to do what I want.
The time was still pushed.
I have grown up and I think I already have ability to solve everything by myself.
But my father still don't let me do what I want.
I find very wonder, so I ask my father :  I have grown up.
He answers:  you have grown up, but you haven't left home.
you don't realize the dark of the society.
I didn't do well in English when I was a junior student.
So I determined to have my language-learning ability improved.
Every morning my mother turns on the radio with a text cassette to ask me to listen and write down the passage which the radio broadcast .
And my aunt who is an English teacher in middle school employs English to communicate with me .
In this way she creates an English-speaking environment.
The plan was last for more than three months.
Certainly I improved my English skills.
It probably indicates the proverb which is mentioned at the beginning.
Net job losses and the U.
S trade deficits have accelerated sharply since 1994 when NAFTA and the World Trade Organization came into being .
Many people just regard the deficit as the result of the US prosperity .
But the author sees the dark side of the these .
He see the deficit and unemployment as evidence that globalization and the workings of the world trading system pose threats to continued U.
As a new way of getting requisite goods, Online Shopping has become very popular and attracted quite a few of people stick on using it so far.
That is because it can be very convenient to people who use it.
In traditional shopping ways, you may need to go out and walk a long way to choose your ideal goods, but all Online Shopping demands is just a click on the internet.
Althought Online Shopping has so many advantages, it may also lead us into troubles at the same time.
Take online cheating as an example.
As we all know nowadays, too much cheating ways are developed on the web.
Maybe your money will go in the impostor's pocket after you have agreed the deal on a similar but wrong website.
To hold the right way to use Online Shopping, we need to weight the advantages and shortages at the same time, then look for a balance to control it.
As for the analysis above, when using Online Shopping, we must pay much attention to online safety and ask experienced online shoppers to help us distinguish creditable trade web from bad ones.
If avoid those shortages, Online Shopping may be a ideal and perfect way of shopping for people in the future.
What's more, it may instead of all the ontic shops.
We glad to inform you that our No.
J-29 sales confirmation for the goods are shipped by steamer ship ''Pearl''.
When the sale was agreed, we expressly stated that the deal will be closed on C.
But as it was, they are the same important.
Theory should be tested by practice, and practice should be lead by theory.
A few years ago, people nearly have time to practice.
For the students were their parents and teachers spoiled.
They will worried about you if you go to the society without they accompanied, and afraid there will be some accidents.
So, students just study some theories in the school and have no time to practice.
For to improve students practical ability, lots of universities have taken some measurements .
For example, on our summer holiday, school will ask us to write a practice report and it should be signed by the place that you practiced.
However, there are more and more students think that they cannot study something in the school, and the teacher can't teach they what our society really needed.
They would rather to go the society doing some part-time jobs then sit down in class.
They put their study away and concentrate on how to earn their money.
Time will tell us everything.
When we pay attention to the practice, it's also the time to absorb the theory.
Human health depends on good ecological environment, global warming will become the next century human health one of the main factors.
We call them actors or stars if they become famous.
problem with this tradition.
They earn their money through their own efforts.
You may argue that someone even do more but get less.
But fairness is not absolute.
Nowadays, most of the students pay attention to the 'Students Evaluation of Teachers'.
There is a dispute that whether students should make comments on teachers.
Some students maintain that it's a good way to comment teachers.
On the one hand, making comment and coming up with proposals contribute to improving educational quality.
On the other hand, students and teachers will interact in academic exchanges.
In my opinion, I would not hesitate to choose the former and the latter.
In the first factor, the improvement of educational quality is final aim.
By oniy this way, making comments on teachers' courses can get us perfect and promote.
Furthermore, in the college.
it should look like friends between students and teachers, and pointing out the pros and cons of argument.
The purpose of the training is to make the staff communicate with foreigners commodiously.
I am applying for the English and American Studies postgraduate course.
Resident Evil is a horror film.
It is origin to the Japan match.
Of course, I am not a game, but the film.
The movie tell a fictitious story.
Alice worked for the Umbrella Corporation.
The largest and most powerful commercial entity in the world.
There was an incident, the virus escaped.
A lot of people died.
Trouble was.
They did not die.
T virus outbreak spread like wildfire.
First across the United States, then the world.
But the T viral did not just bring the dead back to life.
It mutated them in terrifying ways.
It is tell us that biochemistry arms do harm to human.
The world needs peace.
The human safety is varying important.
When the disaster come, we should face it.
If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile and blossom like a flower, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace.
I like the movie can teach us.
Give us deep memory.
Human should reflect.
Resident Evil give me heart shock.
I love the disaster film.
They left me with a deep image.
Although I do not believe that the end of the world, but I believe that war will make many people lost their lives.
That is why I like it.
I look forward to seeing more meaningful film.
According to our last meeting about the seminar, I am going to inform you that the seminar will held at 423 room.
You must ensure the security of the schedule.
In recent years, more and more people is devoted in volunteering, especially among the young people.
For example, the earthquake in Wenchuan,2008, thousands of volunteers play an important role in it.
They took care the injured, donated the necessary things and offer psychological to people.
Also, it is beneficial to volunteers.
In my opinion, volunteering can happy yourself, we should advocate and encourage people to join volunteering.
We can promote voluntary service in school, and develop knowledge lecture to let more people know about volunteering.
As a college student, I hope everyone would join volunteering.
Everyone will meet unduly many people in his life, but the love of our people will be our parents.
When i was young, i don't sensible.
I don't always obey to them, not only my mother didn't give up me, but also always teach me patiently.
My father is seriously to help me with my homework every night.
With the passage of time, the love of my parents did not decrease but even thicker.
So i frequently take the initiative to contact parents, in case they worry about me.
I do everything in my power and to do something which my parents need, so their lives not excessively hard.
There are two main reasons that cause the problem .
Firstly , people do not know the fact that they are in water shortage , they think there is a lot of water on earth , so they do not need to use the water which have been rare resource .
So most of us are using water carelessly on each area .
Secondly, there are too many factories pulling the wasted water into the lake or river which polluted the clean water .
There is no deny the fact that we can work out the problem if we realize it .
People love technology .
I know how to make a good impression.
One leave an impression through his or her speaking and action.
First of all, we should speak and behave politely.
It's necessary to avoid being rude.
The next thing is your appearance.
Dress for occasions, do not dress for your own mood.
First impression is always the most important thing when you meet a stranger.
It works a lot in leaving a good impression.
Besides, we have to have deep confidence in ourselves.
Many people believe that reading is an essential part of learning and growth.
However, as time goes on, more and more people consider that genuine knowledge comes from practice.
different people have different perspectives.
First of all, as a student, our main task is to concentrate on our study.
reading helps us assimilate knowledge and update knowledge system, it stimulates and broadens our views, too.
reading is a process of self-cultivation, which makes us own peaceful mind and good character.
we need to read a lot for that may arrive at the successful other shore.
what's more, practice is vital to learning, not only can it apply what we have learned to life but also offer challenges and opportunities to improve skills.
There is a good saying: practice is the only criterion of inspecting the truth.
In conclusion, it is never too late to learn.
Recently, we students hear a message that Shanghai will make a try that let students have multiple exams and the exams' time can choose by students.
And the most important advantage is that multiple exams can help the student who is poor in English but good at other subjects get better mark.
she was good to speak English and German fluently.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a waiter.
I had some experience during last summer holiday.
I worked as a waiter.
I began to work from 8:00AM to 16:00 PM.
I often wash the tables and chairs on the work.
I also clean the window and wash the dishes.
I learn a lot from the working.
It has had a great effect on me.
I would be very grateful if you could send me more information about my working.
It means that when winter is approaching, everything is dying.
In the future, care for the environment will become very important as earth's natural resources run out.
Water will be polluted and we will have no a drink.
We will look out other instead of it.
We will use a lot of recycled materials and rely more on alternative energy.
In the future, we will be healthier and healthier.
