No smoking will be allowed within a future city's limits.
Everyone can go anywhere the want to go.
Senior citizens and persons with disabilities will be able to go anywhere in they world using high-tech cameras attached to their heads.
First of all, My university has a long history and is abundant in books where I can broaden my vision and enrich my life .
In my ideal university , I can travel with my classmates and communicate with foreign people .
Daming is a middle student .
He gets up on half past eight , have delicie lunch on eight forty-five.
On nine he does his homework .
He does exercises in park on half past ten .
He eats dilicies lunch on twelve .
On first he has computer class and English class .
He reads all kinds of books .
On half past two he has a few supper .
On seven he watches TV and play computer .
He puts away the things on half past eight in afternoon .
Third, you don't need to queue and wait for a long time.
My bedroom is small but it is tidy.
My books and dictionaries are in my bookcase.
My schoolbag is on the chair.
My ping pong bats are on the desk.
My football is under the bed.
My pencil box and notebook are in my schoolbag.
A clock is on the wall.
As we all know, this era encourages diversification, so it is essential that we have knowledges of the different culture and possess some excellent qualities.
In this case, I would like to study in a foreign country.
First of all, with the development of globalization, we are tightly related with the whole world, in which the Internet has greatly promoted the communication among people.
However, it's obviously not enough to know the different culture for us students simply by the Internet.
As a result, studying abroad is definitely a good chance to understand the foreign culture and values by what you see and hear personally.
Besides, I suppose I'm one of those who are fond of traveling.
Thus, studying abroad gives an opportunity to travel in a new country to experience the different customs there, which at the same time can broaden my horizon.
The last but not the least, the employment pressure in our country is quite enormous, so studying abroad to some extent can ease the pressure brought about by the job competition, because I can get a higher diploma after studying abroad.
Some students support that we are supposed to go online.
It has a number of advantages , for example, we can gain knowledge on the Internet and it helps us broaden our minds.
What 's more, it's convenient for us to communicate and share with our friends.
However, others suggest not suffering the Internet.
An disadvantage of going online is that it's bad for our eyes.
In addition, so many students are abandoned into chatting online and playing computer games.
The most important is that it's a waste of time and energy.
In my opinion, every corn has two sides.
It's good for us to open our minds.
If we spend too much time in going online, it will do harm to our health as well as our study.
My teacher Recommended The me on http: //cythia.
Nowadays.chinease edcation was criticised because of its system.
Some people think that knowledge should be emphasized in education.
In my opinion, creativity is more important.
I have three points to interprete it .
The first , when people come into the society, kownledge is not so important like in school.many famous people achieved because of their creative, like bill gates.
The second, if you do not have enough knowledge, you can improve it with your working .
But if you are lack of creativity, it is not easy to change it.
In another hand, knowledge is also important in our life.
I think walking to work is better than driving to work.
One reason is that walking to my job is not stressful.
Another reason is faster when there is traffic.
Traffic is very heavy, now.
It moves slomly if driving.
The most important reason do not have to park the car.
It is very not comfortable if driving long time.
Driving to work is worse for the environment.
So I favourite is walking to work.
With the growing popularity of private cars in China, the quality of our lives has been considerably changed.
Our city faces with more and more traffic jam due to the fast rapid of the economy.
From my point of view, i am in favour of the idear that we should take some measures to keep a stable growing of cars numbers.
And obviously, the city can not hold the large number of cars.
In a addition, More cars mean more pollution.
We shouldn't ignore that how to potect the environment has become a serous problem.
So if we make such decisions, the environment will benefits from that.
So as us.
Limiting the cars must can desrease the accidents.
Of course, I have many things to prepare.
I will do my homework 5 hours a day, and I want to read some famous English books to improve my English study.
Then, I will see some books.
And, I will work hard to learn the mathematical.
I always be careless on the math exam.
I really have a large number of things to do, maybe It's busy and nervous.
But I like this sort of life.
I believe myself.
Nowadays, more and more people like online shopping.
And many people around me like my friends they also like shopping on line.
shoppping on line is becoming a fashion.
Online shopping has many benifits.
For example, you need not out your home and you can buy something you want.
And we can save much time to do other thing we need to do.
yes, online shopping has many benifits, but we all know everything has two side, and online shopping is not exceted.
Someone thinks money can bring happiness, so he works hard day and night; someone believes knowledge can bring happiness, so he studies all the time; still another considers a good lover can bring happiness, so when he is alone, he feels depressed.
I have a friend who will put down everything and stare at me with her touching eyes when I tell her I want to cherish our friendship.
I have a friend who can communicate with me online and send a long, long letter to cheer me up when I feel frustrated.
I have five friends who know how to tolerate my noise when I have to stay up late to work for school and understand my sorrow when I spend efforts but gain nothing.
I have a friend who has accompanied me more than fifteen years and most childhood's memory is about us.
Last year, one of my mother's colleagues passed away in a car accident.
In the summer vacation, I accompanied her to visit that colleague's wife.
Seeing that pathetic lady pretented to be fine with her heart-broken eyes, I was affected.
  I couldn't answer.
What's more, I still have spring's flowers, summer's rain, autumn's leaves and winter's snow; I still have warm sunshine, blue sky, cool breeze, and fresh air.
Sometimes that we strive hard to seek the bird of happiness, but we don't realize, it is just by our side.
A few days ago I met a stranger when I went to library in the centre of city At first he didn't say anything, only kept tinkering with his hand.
How I didn't know what he meant.
By the time I realize he to be dumb, I felt sorry for him.
Nevertheless I still didn't recognize his hand gestures.
Owing to I am in a hurry, I have to ask other people and I am very embarrassed said to him thank you.
At that time his facs showed expression of surprise, I can feel his sorrowful.
At last he still gave me his smile and said he was very sorry he can't help.
He is so optimistic, I think.
This experiencing let me appreciate no matter what kind of people can be happy in life.
Firstly, I would appreciate you helping me.
When I staied in America, my teacher gave me this dictionary.
so it is very precious for me.
In my memory, the dictionary may be in the bookcase.
I have got some halthyto food and drink.
Noodles meet rights vegetables fruit are healthy food.
Milk juice are healthy drink.
Color isn't health drink and hamburgers and ice cream are aren't healthy food.
According to the two paragraphs, we can clearly get the information about this topic.
And we often hear or see this phenomenon on the screen.
And just as we can see in this paragraph, Chinese tourists always do some bad things beyond seas.
When people in China see news like this, they always feel angry and embarrassed.
They will think why our Chinese couldn't have a good behavior, why the tourists even bring this bad behavior to abroad.
  But the answer is No  .
One reason we can easily know is that our children can't hold on themselves well, and often do things at will even our adults as well.
They will do everything they want to do as long as their parents didn't blame to them.
Their parents, however, didn't have a well-developed life qualities.
When their children do such things like this, they may say nothing to stop their children, on the contrary, they may encourage their children and are proud of which they have already done.
Another reason is just like the author said, what made this situation happened because of a lack of cultural communication.
When our tourists go aborad, we may do something as we often do in our families, we think it's no more common in our daily life.
However the people in that countries didn't think as our ways, they believe what our tourists want to destroy their treasure.
But in fact the truth is that our tourists may just want to do something meaningful.
And there is a big misunderstanding in it.
It's a good way to study some cultures when we decide to go that country for a visit.
China.
We all know that, the South Keroa, which used the system so many years, had resisted the system before a couple of month ago.
Obviously, the NRS can prevent those growning-ups from internet creams.
Also, can less students to be addicted to online-games.
So, the NRS is really a double-edge sword.
Totay, I most like Mother'Day at the all east festival .
The season is that I love my mom, and it is a very imported festival.
On the other hand , I'm really love my school.
And I consider myself was able to make our school better and more beauytiful.
First, I have studied here for two years.
Thus , I know the school's everything.
I have also participated in the student union and I know what we should do.
If i am elected , I will do my best to make our school better.
My speech is over.
I dreamt of the university various sciences when I was young.
After high school after three yeas of affort , I went to the dream of university last September 6th.
It embarrassed for me that it took me a few hours to find the school , because I can not find the way .
I remembered that I did not recognize no one else , it made me feel lonely even helpless , I did not know that what I can do at that time when I faced all strange , also was almost in tears .
At other times , I would participate in some activities , like took part in the student union , listened so many nice songs , and saw the beauties dancing .
As far as I am concerned , the college life is so great , and I love the university very much , I will good study and get good grades at this school .
At the other side of the world live such creatures whom been alleged that being endowed with heart songs throughout their whole lives.
A creature without a flipper, but can still fly  to your heart with their innocence.
This is a common story concerning the lives of Happy Feet, penguins on the land.
From all accounts, penguins are taken as the patron saints of the South Pole.
It is a common morning of everyday life, penguins do their procedures of fishing, singing, frolicking, which have become their regularities in the course of gregarious lives.
In this limitless and pure white world, Being penguins exempts them from all the trials and tribulations of mundane life.
On this common morning with everyday sunshine, penguin family members content themselves with just being together and sharing this glory brimming with eternal sunshine.
  Idleness is the most attractive thing towards all the people.
They adore each other guided by their intuition.
They live this sort of simple life sharing the joys and secrets as well as griefs.
Wherever you are and whoever you may be, for thousands of years, a wall of detachment and untruth have been built up between people.
Gone was those barely emotions of pursuing simple lives, when we looked back, years of growing have sapped us of our innocence.
We're prone to blur the distinction between desire and what we really need.
In the face of all adversities, out of deference to life's regularities , the only way human beings can be strong is to be the most adaptable man.
For thousands of years, we adore the way that animals live.
Things we can gain from penguins are that joy in lives comes from having fine emotion, trusting others.
Every day bring with it different sunshine in our homes and hopes.
We just at the beginning of a new day, leisurely and idly.
There are lots of Chinese tradition Chinese Festivals.
There are Spring Festivals, Lantern Festicals, Tomb-sweeping Festivals, Dragon Boat Fstivals, Mid-Autumn Festivals and so on.
At spring festival, we have a big family dinner.
We can eat delicious food.
And I can wear my beautiful clothes, and my new shoes.
And I aiways get a Hongbao.
It means lucky money.
I can make dumplings wath my mother.
I can help my father clean my house.
I will visit my grandparents.
And I will play with my good friends.
We can make a snowman together.
The son said:  Dad , I am a bit worried about disposing of nuclear waste,  the father said:  If you can empty the dustbin here, you can do everything.
In you study , you want to make progess, you should do something step by step, but if you want to suceed immediately, you can get nowhere , besides, in you life , when you climb a mountain , you should also climb step by step , rather than a step to reach the top of the mountain .
everyone is not the ability.
the government also to do this.
Nowadays, an increasing number of people prefer to communicate on the internet.
But people hold different views about it, some people are of the opinion that network communication is a kind of communication advance.
As for me.
I agree to the former idea.
Because communicating on the internet is sign that mean our world have entered a high speed development environment .
It is a place where a person can learn large amounts of knowledge of nature, society and science.
Despite global economic downturn and luxury tax jump up, the enthusiasm of Chinese purchasing luxury goods have not decline.
Since 2000, China's economy growing rapidly and Chinese consumers' purchasing power increase with each passing day.
The purchasing of luxury goods is affected by continued growth of China GDP.
  When it comes to 2013, according to a report by Goldman Sachs, China's luxury consumption accounts for 25% of the global market, making China second only to Japan in global luxury consumption (as cited in Understanding luxury consumption in China: Consumer perceptions of best-known brands, 2011).
There is no doubt that the raising economy is a significant reason encouraging Chinese buy luxury, but there also have multiple causes.
First of all, individual psychological activity can influence Chinese motivation of buying luxury goods.
(as cited in Luxury values and experience as drivers for consumers to recommend and pay more)However, individual values can be separated in two parts, which are hedonism and self-identity.
Hedonism is connected to personal rewards and compliance (as cited in Luxury values and experience as drivers for consumers to recommend and pay more).
People buy those luxuries to gift and satisfy themselves.
In addition, consumers choose products not only focus on luxury's performance and quality but also consider the extension of product value, which means they want distinguished service.
The motivation about buying luxury is to be treated in a superior way and be identified as a successful person.
, 2013)Furthermore, motivation of Chinese buy luxury goods is associated with self-identity.
Some people in China becomes wealthier and wealthier.
They want to show their economic strength through holding luxury products.
Meanwhile extrinsic oriented also affect motivation of Chinese buying luxury products.
External influence is bringing by a social group.
People use luxury products to show their social status and integration into a social circle.
Luxury goods show a person's taste and their role in society.
When a person's economic strength reaches a certain height, they would tend to seek social status.
However, the luxury goods can commendably reflected their position in society.
People who do not have enough food or have low social status will never consider buying a Patek Philippe watch.
According to Sandra Maria Correia Loureiro a, n, Cristiano Mineiro Branco de Arau jo b(2013) states that Social values are closely linked to what others say and reflect the participation of the community and society in general  , so this phenomenon lead to a consumption view, which is herd consumption.
Consumers would not buy luxury product independently, they pay more attention to high social status that bring by those products.
Whereas, poplar fashion of luxury goods are not immutable.
It will be changed with the changing of popular themes.
  Moreover, they often effect by public taste and what is popular.
Chinese social method is anther cause affects the consumption of luxury goods.
Thus, people may get useful information though giving luxury goods.
Courtesy calls for reciprocity is a common way in Chinese traditional culture of communication.
Precious gifts will show more respect, so luxury will be the first choice.
To sum up, as all the information showing above present that Chinese people purchase luxury by given three perspectives that clearly describe Chinese buying patterns.
Consequently, luxury market can segment consumers to different groups.
  The results of our research Dr. Tucker concluded, did not support these opinions.
Hurry hurry up.
After the meeting please take your paper and thing.
keep down all An electric appliances.
example: lamp, Air-conditioning.
March 7, 2014.
Parents are presons who makes us come to this world.
Parents give us life, but that means they should give us future.
In contemporary society, many parents spend too much time helping and determining their children's future.
They think in this way can give their children a sunlight and seplendid future.
But in my opinion it is not absolutely right.
There is no doubt that as elders parents have more expenience than children.
As we mature and grow older, we look back on what parents tould us and appreciate how right they were.
For example, the waay to get along with persons.
The good habits which we must keep.
The healthy attitude to life.
In these general direction, parents help childern making choice is really necessary.
But, parents should not do all the decisions for children.
On some part of the things in life children can make the choice for theirselves.
For example, which extracurricular activities they should attent.
Which friends they want to play with.
Which books they need to read.
How to allot their pocket money and how to arrangements for learning and activites.
Parents do all these choices for children is no good for them.
It only let children lost self-mangagement skills and independent thinking ability.
And these abilites are very imporpent.
In modern society, if they don't have these abilities, they can not choose in this complicated world.
Maybe they will miss opportunities and challenges.
Maybe they will lost success because of low ability.
In conclusion, parents should direct children in general direction and let them go in thire own life.
Finally, I want to say, everyone's future is in our own hands.
Parents can not always for you .
But now, some person come out to cancel the spring festive party , they thought that there are too many commercials in the spring festive party and the style of the party were in the same every year.
In fact, most of people are still like to watch the spring fetive party .
I do not deny that not to establish free libraries has its own merits.
Just as saying goes, Knowledge is power  .
In our society now, we are just chained to hard work and poverty all our life if we don't have any knowledge.
However, Read ten thousand books, travel ten thousand miles  , we could acquire knowledge through reading books if libraries were established in each town.
Secondly, many people have no more money to buy books, and they can just live from hand to mouth.
Last but not least, if our government establish free libraries in each town, instead of going to other places to play, many people would like to go to libraries to read books.
In this way, our country would be full of atmosphere of reading books.
Obviously, we can conclude from the foregoing reasons that the government should establish free libraries in each town.
It's also good for students.
The story is based on the us Civil War.
At first, she thought Ashley Wilkes as her Mr Right.
But Ashley had a major crush on gentle and kind Melanie .
After a short time , he went to his hometown in the war.
there is a man Rhett still always loving Scarlett.
finally, they got married.
but the woman was still loving Ashley so that they had a difficult time getting on with each other.
Because of their daughter's death they hated deeply with each other.
As I can see, love is complicated that we should use a long time to find our true love.
we should cherish what we have now, love the people around us.maybe you love something better than the first one, but you didn't know about it.
How that we have graduate from the senior high and began our college life.
Thous is my rough plan.
and with them.
I believe my winter vacation would be meanful and colorful.
My winter holiday plans me studying for my Englishi, I will make great efforts to learn English.
In my class, there are forty-eight students.
Our teachers lessons last for forty minute.
We do something in class, example convercation in English.
Our English teather is excellent, and she explains English grammer so cleearly, so than we aren't worry about grades.
We can know each other as well as get along well.
It is centain that if pretty independent will be too difficuIt to get on well.
Also a school doesn't have enough computers for students to use.
I think a good teacher-student relationship is mutually beneficial.
Firstly, teacher can teach us a lot of knowledge which we don't learn before.
They also teach students some good quality so that we can be a kind person.
When we built a good relationship, we can study more and more active and we can always communicates with them when we have troubles.
The second, our students can make teachers feel that they were young forever, we can deliver them our energy and passion to them.
Teachers can work in a happy environment.
The last, teacher and student can become friends.
Whenever we go, we will remember our friend  .
So, a good teacher-student relationship is mutually beneficial.
Interpersonal relationship is our life an important component.
To improve the relationship between colleagues, you need to learn from the other point of view to consider problem, is good at the appropriate self sacrifice.
To provide opportunities to help others, the realization of the goal of life, to deal with interpersonal relationship is very important.
In the modern society, people are not only satisfied with go to the mall shopping but also they made the online shopping.
Then it has become a fashion trend to shopping online.
Online shopping has obvious advantages.
On the one hand, it is convenient.
On the other hand, online shopping continuously offers various products to meet consumers'differing needs lifestyle.
However, each coin has two sides.
Secondly, online shopping also is troublesome at the same time.
When you require to exchange or refund what you purchase.
It becomes extremely boring.
According to my own experience.
Last but not least, Do not anxious to get things on the cheap.
In recent years there has been a dramatic in the intelligent phones.
The fact that intelligent phones are so popular that they are useful and convient.
Use intelligent phones.
Can make us to find others easily and quickly, there are also have many games music.
Course we usually use it, chat two online.
However, every coin.
Has sides now some people can no longer imagine life without their intelligent phones, because of the more and more chatting online our face to face skills may decline.
And more and more students use intelligent phones on class.
As you know, more and more people are born in the world, you can see people here and there.
On the one hand, many places are short of food, water as well as energy.
The traffic can be busy in some big cities.
What's more, the environment seems to be awful.
In order to solve these problems, the government is taking action.
My Life in The future In ten years, I think I will be a doctor.
And I will live in Qingdao.
As a doctor, I think it's a interesting and difficult jobs, and I must to study biology hard now.
And I want to have a pet dog, I can't have any pets now because my mother hates them.
If you often see other eyes when you talk about with else.
If you not, it isn't a good habit.
Listen to others carefully that will make he fell be respected.
Then when parents and they child have a bad relationship don't worry.
You should listen to your child that what do they say.
Maby you can find some new things of your child.
Listening not only can make a good relationship between parents and children but also can improve friendship with your friends.
In short I think we should see others eyes and shakehead.
The others don't think so .
They make sure that more knowledge means more chances.
because they think parents' decisions are the best .
but he waste many time on it , it's a very bad thing for him .
so , if parents really want their kids to have their own life , they should ask kids do you like.
 not  i think you will like .
 percent of the students think that an entrance fee shouldn't be charged.
In their opinion, the park is a public place where people can get relief of the cares of the day.
If the entrance fee is charged, it is neccessary to build the gate and wall .
 percent of the students hold the opposite opinion.
They think that the entrance fee should be charged at a low price.
In this way, the workers who work in the park can get well paid.
I think that parrots make the best pets.
First, parrot can live for up to 50 years.
As a result, they can stay with you for almost half your lives.
Second, parrot can know your mood easily.
For example, when you are unhappy, the parrot will make you happy though many different ways.
Third, parrot is very clever because it can talk, this is very funny and interesting.
A parrot will bring you a lots of happiness for many years.
There's no doubt that a parrot makes very good pet.
I am glad to introduce my hometown to you.
I come from X.
It is a small city but it is beautiful.
but the main river is Y river.
long history of paper, A lot of people like the X of paper.
And the snack very famous .
For eaxmple, HUShi MeiWenDing.
There are also several cinema halls, some amusement parks and have mang flower and tree.
Last, I hope you visit my hometown.
With time goes by, I have passed a wonderful year.
Now I was a sophomore, graduated from this college just a year.
Although sometimes I couldn't speak English well, my classmates still give me pertinent advice and encourage.
Such as I spent all day play the computer games or watch so many movies.
I realize I didn't learn how to range my time reasonal.
The evaluation of teachers is no respect for teachers.
Dear Tim I realize you hope to go to china for teaching English.
This is a good change that forward high school need anEnglish teacher.
Nonetheless the school require to teach two class and ten class for a week.
As an English teacher should be responsible to the school English activity in free time.
And will provide round trip tickets.
Also accommodation which is free.
Finally you must teach English have one semester.
As far as I am concerned you can do it well and the job is appropriate for you.
I intend to see you soon.
During the winter holiday, I had the Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is very improtant to Chinese people.
In Spring Festival, people always get together with their family, and have a big meal.
The Spring Festival of this year was no exception.
My family got together.
We had so many delicious food for dinner.
I also got the lucky money after meal.
We all knew it's bad for the environment if many peopleset off firecrackers.
In our life, there are some hare-like lovers.
They are gentle, kind and common.
They give you a peaceful life.
Although you can not strongly feel their love, it does steadily exists in every piece of life.
It's more real than dull.
But few of us cherish this kind of lovers.
You may be not satisfied with this dull life and want to explore for something exciting.
An evil mind of hunting come up.
As a fox-like lover, it is yong, beautiful and charming.
It gives you every romantic experience you want.
You can live in a sweet period of time, dancing, singing, admiring the stars.
However, in general, much too beautiful things are not long, a beautiful face may hide an evil mind.
After indulging in creature comforts, you only be left with a broken heart.
As for the fox-like lover, it has already gone with your treasures.
At this moment, you are frustrated, painful and think back of all the wrong you did.
The scene of the kind hare gradually flow in front of your sight, like a sop bubble, easily crashed when you stretch to touch it.
All the so-called dull time for you in the past has been a desire now.
Keeping those old things in memory is the end of the story.
On the other hand, there are some advantages.
At first, it is convenient for office workers to go to conmany.
They can go to work on time.
to go by driving.
However, there are also some disadvantages.
And the more and more traffic accidents are happening, many families were hurted.
been polluted.
In a word, everything has two ways.
Explore the effect of CYP2E1.
Methods: Sixty Wistar male rats were divided equally into six groups stochasticly, including control group (NS) and five test substances treatment groups (ACR 20mg/kg, inductor alcohol 200mg/kg, ACR 20mg/kg+alcohol 200mg/kg, inhibitor sodium diethyl dithiocarbamate(DDC) 20mg/kg, ACR 20mg/kg+DDC 20mg/kg respectively).
It was analysed that the cellular components of primary spermatocyte, prespermatid and spermatoon in seminiferous tubules Ⅶ/Ⅷ stage.
Results: Compared with control group, spermatozoa count decreased significantly and teratospermia and GSH levels increased significantly in ACR, ACR+alcohol and ACR+DDC groups, Other indexes did not change significantly.
Unconsciously, With the inauguration increasingly difficult, led to graduates' Costs in Job-hunting increased.
Why is it, to my way of thinking, it has two root cause.
One reason is that models of employment concepts, most of graduates' are great pains in order to job, focus on clothing, dress, appearance, and the first line on the resume writing case.
The result is to resume the more the system more luxurious, the clothes are more and more expensive.
This excessive packaging, a direct result of the increase in the costs in Job-hunting.
The second reason is that limitations of employment job search, the main form of Graduate Employment Job only at job fairs or to participate in the recruitment exams held all over the country, to the employing units to promote direct contact with the employer and so on.
And virtually increase of graduates' spend much money to transportation, accommodation and communications.
in my opinion, that just a social phenomenon.
As college students, we should correct job attitude, and to focus on improving the level of knowledge and ability as well as the quality.
Ability and responsibility of the employer and do not look at the resume, college students pay more attention to work.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I will have my own family , probably with a lovely child.
I will be very happiniess living with my family.
I hope I'll be a artist.
I will hold art exhibition in everywhere of the world.
In my free time, I'll continue to take regular exercise, such as swimming, running and all kinds of ball games.
I'll read books that I like.
Maybe, I will be going for a walk with my family after dinner in ten years.
Edison said that genius was 99 percent diligence and 1 percent intelligence.
With summer holiday coming, I could not wait to relax myself.
I enjoyed surfing the Internet , playing computer games and going out with friends.
The life which was without homework made me feel desperately excited.
With the time passing fast, I suddenly realized that I hadn't finished my homework completely.
The retribution came soon.
Other students were studying hard while I was playing the game.
Some people like living in the city, because city life has many advantages.
And there are also quite a lot of schools, universities that provide good education.
They think there are more job opportunities in the city, life there is more colorful and meaningful than that in the country.
First, it is close to the outdoors, the air being fresh.
As a college student, I would like live in the city, because there are more opportunities, and the growth space is big can do more valuable things.
Such as we can drink a tea, read newspapers or go out to relax ourselves.
People always make dumplings on on New Year's Eve, I did it as well.
It was very diffcult for me to make a perfect dumpling.
So I learnt from my grandma, she did well in it.
Finally, you should hold the pancake with your palm and put the filling in the center and wrap it into half-moon shaped and seal the edges.
Recently A topic upon that is offering seats compulsory for young bus riders causes of a hot debate .
Some people are in favour of it .
They have two main reasons .
On the one hand, offering seats is a great behavior .
It could introduce a helpful character.
On the other hand, it reflects traditional virtue which are respecting the elderly and caring children, the disable.
However, other people are in disagreement with it.
As far as I am concerned, offering seats isn't essential to be compulsory for young bus riders .
But we'd better to form a habit of offering seats for others.
On the one hand, most people who marry and have children need a steady reliable income because of their family responsibilities (even if they are dissatisfied with their jobs).
On the other hand, most people are ambitious and want to improve their careers as rapidly as possible, and try their best to do the same job.
Certainly some people change careers because of many kinds of reasons, but almost everyone marries, everyone likes security (financial, physical and emotional) and everyone has ambition.
Along with the development of society, college students are required to take part in some social practice, such as being an assistant in companies, or doing surveys, especially during the holidays.
Social practice is gradually becoming more essential for China higher education.
I think it is necessary for college students to participant in social practice.
However, social practice may bring some problems.
Today more and more people pay attention to the blind-date show.
Different people have different idea about this TV program.
In my view, blind-date show is a good way.
On the one hand, many people with the work pressure, don't have too much time find their boyfriend or girlfriend.
They can find their spouse quickly use this way.
Compared with traditional blind-date, we can save time to know the information that you want to know and make friends widely.
My first time to touch English, I can't understand the meaning of what teacher's say, and can't follow reading.
I was quite worried and confused.
I think only got the way to learning, you'll overcome what you met.
Doing exercise is essential in my daily life.
Latin dance is my favourite sport which I dance twice a week.
Sometimes I will do some Yoga , sometimes I prefer running in the school playground .
I also take ballet lessons which turns out the most difficult thing I've ever experienced.
Since I like challenges, I'm willing to persist in learning ballet until I can conquer it .
Besides, I desire to travel around the whole world in the future.
That means I need to make a huge amount of money .
Thus I should work harder and harder from now on.
Studying English brings me a lot of happiness.
As an old saying goes : No pain, no gain.
there are lots of after-school activities in our school, such as, sports, art, seeing English films and so on.
I enjoy the activities so much.
I love playing badminton and drawing best.
Because I can keep fit by doing sports and also relax myself.
And I can give you some advice so that you can enjoy yourselves.
First, you have to choose the activities that you'are interested in.
Second, you'd better spend proper time on it in order not to affect your study.
Friends, if you want to lead a happy life and learn more skills, welcome to after-school activities.
Above all, this activity provide us with a channel through with I could broaden my hdorizon on English study.
The better methods of study could be introduced to those students as well.
Enthusiasmand enthusiasm are my personality, which are based on my independent ability.
Wha is more, Communication ability is effective for us to solve various problems in that job, which I have been practicing in my study and activities in our campus life.
It is my great honor to be one of the candidates in this application, you will not regret to choose me as a volunteer teacher for this job.
As is known to us, English is becoming more and more popular nowadays.
So quite a few Chinese students begin to learn English.
And most of the students study by taking English classes in school.
Everyone needs to get a suitable education.
So an excellent English teacher is needed.
In my opinion, the best way to learn English is using it.
We should make full use of each time that we can practice our English skills.
Also, we are not suppored to translate every word into Chinese and understand it.
However, many English teachers teach their students in this way.
The main reason is the greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide, methane ang so on.
However, this gases a large number of emission which the reason is people burn fossil minerals to generate energy and deforestation, and the burning of Carbon Dioxide, in addition, the forest a number of a decrease so that reduce the Carbon Dioxide absorption.
These gases increase in the atmosphere like wearing a thick sweater.
In my opinion, the government should take measures to reduce the burning of the fossil.
More and more goods are packed well.
Some commodity packaged of several layers, but the product itself value is not great.
The reason is the first packaging look good to attract customers that is increase business sales.
Second relative in the festival are gifts of beautiful package what will make people feel a face.
I think that the goods do not need excessive packaging.
Businesses should understand the essence of commodity to sell rather than sell rather than sell appearance.
  in old times.
Even by now many old people consider it as truth.
Personally, i think this is a totally prejudice.
However science research shows that generally women are cleverer than men in many situations.
Maybe most of the people would think that Vera is courageous, sensitive and kind, yes, i agree with that.
She could loved the man six years ago, and also could wrote to him, breaking their romantic relationship when she found the man trivialized their love and he was selfish.
After six years separation, Vera chose leave the man again without hesitation because she recognized he was not changed at all.
besides, she not only remembering the details of happy old days but also understanding better the strongly feelings of pains and joys.
Thus I think her character must have defect--too sensitive, which is one of the vital reasons for the one break heart easily, and to be cautious to restart a new relationship.
Her ex-lover, a self-involved and egotistical man, who was total incomprehension of Vera's thoughts and feelings.
He restored to his old habit of interrupting her, never paid attention to Vera's plight and continued to talk about himself and his travels, at the end of the story, he had the audacity to put forward that they were both self-engrossed, all of that had showed his shortages clearly.
With the development of the third industrial revolution, the society into an information age.
In recent years, Almost every family has access to the internet.
Cyber space bring people advantages -please-sure and convenience.
Cyber space bring people advantages.
To begin with, We chat on the internet, We frequently communicate with families and friends, We can get along well with them.
We can do shopping.
We not only save money, but also rescue time.
In addition, We can read novels on the internet.
Students can do homework with the help of the internet.
Google and Baidu are conveniently searching engines.
We can get full of information.
Such as sports.
Nevertheless, Cyber space bring us problems.
First, Cyber space is full of dirty, Unhealthy and violent information.
For example, Internent of fraud may consume our time, energy and money.
Numbers students are addicted to computer games, Lead to some students don't continue school.
Computer v-irues are frequent and annoying.
Traveling is very exciting for everyone.
If you haven't enough time, you will take a trip to the nearby mountains for climbing or having a picnic and go to the beaches for swimming and sunbath with family members.
Nowadays, a lot of young people go to another cities to find satisfying jobs.
The lonely life of the aged people is painful, so we should take attention on them.
When I chat with them, all of they said that them want to play basketball forever.
But they haven't trained difficultly as the Professional basketball player.
As we all know , the first step is as good as half over and a watched pot never boils.
Everybody is various.
In this way , we should try our best to chase who is more intelligent than us.
The fire is the test of gold; adversity is the test of a strong man.
When we have to face to difficult , we should know patience and the application will carry us through.
Everyone has a dream .
If you want to make your dream came turn , you should try your best to do it.
One day, I alone think about English problems.
When I am in a mystery.
I thank my friends to help me solve the problem.
We set up a study group.
If so the problem very difficult that we don't solve the problem.
We'll the teacher for help.
By studying group learning English and by asking the teacher for help is my secret of learning English.
If you want to learn English, you also find a way.
Firstly, I like English very much.
Thirdly, learning English has changed my habits.
Since I learned English, I have become very hard.
Friendship is a very important emotion , and it makes a very essential influence in our life .
First of all , if you get something introuble , friends can give you necessary heip.
When something makes you sadness or annoyance, friendship is the best medicine to cure your anguish.
It doesn't make you feel loneliness, because friends will accompany you.
If you are puzzled for a choice, they will give you more useful suggestion.
When you stand big pressure, you can chat with your friends about your idea.
Never forget your friends whenever what you encounter.
You must believe the power of friendship.
Everyone has the equal chance to success, realizing their dream.
Why someone succeeded and someone failed.
Many people envy other people's success.
At the same time, they blamed God, thinking God is eccentric and doesn't give them the opportunity.
'so do I.
It is vividly showed that the dove failed to find the true reason of the wafting of the strange smell.
It wants to wipe off the unpleasant smell just by removing the nest, but it is not aware of that the way to remove cannot solve the problem, and the unpleasant smell still waves around the dove to annoy it and leads to a bad mood.
After it removed its nests for several times, the smell still exists, it should turn to find the other reason at that moment.
After reading the fable, it tells us a fact that sometimes we cannot find the truth of one thing and it may confuse us for a long time, at that moment, we should try to find another reason, and for many times, we must exam our own conscience.
With the development of society, there is a joke around young people .
I've done it hundreds of time''.
All in all.
English is easy, but you must be careful with learning words.
I am glad to help you remember English word.
First of all, it's important to read English word aloud every day.
What's more, you should remeber 10-20 words a day.
Because it is good for you.
At last, it's a best way to write down the mistakes on your notebook.
In a word, I suggest you remember words every day.
In my opinion, only if we deal with it very well, online shopping is very useful .
I don't have time and i want to do during famter.
I am hope have many time give me study and outdoor.
When I was asked the country I'd like to go.
Switzerland occurred to my mind.
It located in the middle of Europe, covering an area of 4.1 square kilometers.
Switzerland has a population of 7.5 million people.
The capital of Switzerland is Beme.
Maybe you don't know about it, but you must hear about Geneva.
Switzerland is a developed country in Europe.
They are Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
I know something else about Switzerland.
It famous for the watch and the development of chemistry.
Shopping is the thing important in the history.
People did this thing possiblely.
And it developed now.
It is a fashion way in the world.
However, it also has good ways and bad ways.
First, it is easily to buy and easily to get.
Life has its ups and downs, and as Johnson well says, we must experience  .
Nowadays, more and more museum is going to be open to the public for free.
On the one hand, museum is an invisible spiritual assets, but not everyone is wealthiness enough to visit, just because of this, we need the free resources .
There are many dancers encouraging me on the way when I grow up.
Neverless X is the greatest dancer that inspired me.
X is a younger and excellent dancer, she is also my best friend.
There are three aspects that she influences on me.
First of all she is very working hard in the class.
After class when I saw her, there are many sweats on her face always.
Secondly, she very like dance.
When we talk together, she has many questions about dancing ask for me.
Last but not least, she is very charming on the stage.
I feel very lucky that I have a good friend.
She always gives me some encouragements.
My homeown is located in the northeast of Anhui Provience .
But my birth place is a small village in Huainan.
It is surrounded by a famous river whose name is Huaihe river .
The clear water flowing quietly near my huose everyday.
In summer , I always liking seating in the ground and looking at the sky every evening .
Even though my hometown is smal , it has a quantity of earth where grows all kinds of crops.
Walking along the narrow road , breathing the freash air and you will fell that's so wonderful.
Countryside is always peace and serenity.
I still remember when I was young , we , all cherden got together to go swimming , having a bath in river which makes you feel comefortable every summer day.
And old people always would like to seat under the big tree, playing cheers or having a talk and etc.
Apart from this , my hometown is famous with the soup of beef .
It really sweets good.
And it has all sorts of fishes in fish ponds.
It's big and weight.
Not only the environment and specialty are beautiful and famous , but slao the people in my hometown is kind and good.
In high school, teacher Li came to our school, and he said that you have to undergo countless hardships and tremendous sacrifice to achieve any success.
Whatever you 're going through , tell yourself you can handle it.
In the book , it must be admitted that there is no better school than adversity.
Teacher Li is asserted that let us learn how to improve the quality of our life .
Take time to think , it is the source of power .
Take time to read, it is the foundation of wisdom.
Take time to be friendly, it is the road to happiness.
Although I like teacher Li very much, as well as his words.
If you want it and you dream about it , there's nothing that's going to stop you.
So, in this term, I will try my best to study.
In many people's eyes, loser is a bad word.
I rember this , because I learned a lot about writing study and I meeted my English teacher on 2014.
The people that got a protessional degree have 2.4percent of the unemployment rate, and the master have 3.6 percent of the unemployment rate.
The people that got a Baxhelor's degree have 4.9 precent of the unemployment rate.
Besides, the people that got a associate degree and didn't got degree have 6.8 percent of the unemployment rate and 8.7 percent of the unemployment rate.
some people only went to the high school, their unemployment rate is 9.4 percent.
Nowadays, we found that many university students never say thanks to their parents.
First, parents and children living together.
It's very familiar with each other.
So it is shyness to say thanks to their parents.
Second, children like to take actions rather than says.
As I said above, students can take actions to thanks their parents.
For example, give them a warm hug when you went home or buy some gifts during the festival.
Even, you can talking with them.
Perhps, students should ovecome shyness, because they are your parents, no one will laugh at you.
We are glad to inform you that we had shipment the goods of No J-29 Sales Contract by Pearl and transshipment at Hongkong by the May flower  .
Nowadays many students in English learning do not take the spelling.
Many of them think that spelled their English study useless.
Appear this kind of circumstance is the cause of the various factors caused by the comprehensive.
On one hand, from students'speaking, they lack of self-control, more rice and lack of interest for learning English.
In addition, they do not take the spelling above his business is the one big drawback.
The school pay attention to the training of students'English examination skills and relying only on a lot of the topic thus ignore students' basic training.
In order to change this situation, I think the school should pay more attention to students'basic training and increase students to spelling attention.
The teacher should strictly to spelling checks to the students have very good urged role.
Everybody, attention please.
The library is located on 15 FuKang Road.
There are over 3200000 books, about 6000 DvDs and CDs.
You can find magazines and newspapers from 1990 up to now.
If necessary, you also can ask for surfing the internet.
The library opens from 8:30 to 19:00 except on Monday and Friday mornings.
You can walk to it or take No.47,48 Buses.
It is worth reading books with your family or friends during holidays.
I hope what they has been mentioned will be helpful and wish you have a good time.
There is a visual picture bellow which concerning about the rumors on the internet.
As we can see, the rumors on the internet are so harmful that to be described as mines.
Because using computers are extremely convenient and interesting.
Nevertheless when it comes to some people, things are not wonderful.
Especially the famous and the rich.
Because the internet can spread the wrong information fast.
And doing a lot of harm to people in mental and physical.
For example, a few months ago there was a rumor that our country's salt is running out.
And it made the price went up strongly.
This phenomenon made a negative influence on our daily life.
Moreover, many newspaper magazines often publish some things of the super stars which are not true.
I suppose we should establish much more perfect system to prevent the people spreading the rumor.
Noboby wants to become friend with him.
The Great Wall is the symbol of china.
I was the first time visited the Great Wall with my foreign friend.
so I take a prefect plan to travel.
first we got up early in the morning .
We began to climb the Great Wall , although the weather is very hot , but we still insist on down , when the noon we finally reached the top .
Meanwhile we took a lot of pictures, and then we came back home , although we are very tired .
Above all, you should cheer up and be happy, I want you to be happy, that's the most important thing.
Everybody wants to an interesting weekends, so i think making a plans for me is very important.
On the Saturday morning , i'm going to get up later until eleven o'clock.
And in the afternoon, i'm going to see my good friends.
On the Saturday morning, 'm going to have to do my homework.
And in the afternoon, i'm going to have my English lesson, it's my favourite lesson.
Someone may say:  The most innocent one is the happiest.
Great changes have taken place in Chinese family life in the past 30years.
When they were young, there was no TV, no computers, and so on.
To be honest, as far as I'm concerned, I like Spring more than any other seasons, including Autumn.
I like the color of green, because it looks so live and cheerful.
And as you know, when Spring is coming, trees are getting more and more green.
Eveything seems so hopeful, if only you worked harder, could you succeed, at least in my opinion.
While in Fall, everything differs exactly from that in Spring.
There won't be many green trees or green things around your surroundings.
What's more, you don't be happy any more.
So that's why I don't like Autumn very much, especially when it contrasts with Spring.
A large number of students like reading .
Many students prefer to read books in the library , but more students like electronic readers .
As far as I am concerned , as college students, we should preserve the paper books and also stay open to the electronic readers .
Because when we think of the electronic readers , the first thing that come to my mind is that it is convenient for us .
Firstly , it is very simple and easy to download e-books through the internet , you can download and start reading them within minutes without leaving our home, and we do not have to go to a bookstore to buy them .
Fourthly , the electronic readers take up less space , we do not leave any space to store them .
But every coin has two sides .
Electronic readers also have many disadvantages .
Firstly , it is harmful for our eyes , when we spend numerous time in reading e-books .
At the same time , the radiation from the electronic readers is harmful for our health .
We prefer to stay at home to read e-books instead of going to the library .
In my opinion , I think that we should use the subjective eyes to analyse it .
On the one side , the electronic readers are the symbol of the development of technology .
J-29 under the goods have been shipped per S.
This is about system at cost price plus freight turnover.
  I can introduce you to the Great Wall and its history.
We talked a lot, and we were happy.
First, you should try your best to learn English well to have more communications with others.
Second, being willing to help people can make a good impression to others.
Dont give up and be confident.
As is vividly depicted in the material above, the report says that the people who practice square dancing had influenced the neighborhood residents seriously.
Thus, this issue had giving rise to a lot of confrontations between them.
And the residents in order to prevent themselves from the loud music's disturbing, they take some measures to against the people.
For instance, they fired a shotgun into the air to make the practicing square dancing people sacred and go away.
What's worse, the residents who are living in Hubei province threw rubbish at people who are dancing.
Confronted with this confrontation, students are much wiser than those residents, the just organized a silent protest against that phenomenon which people playing loud music by blocking the stage of the dancer in a square.
Dancing is good thing for people to build up their bodies.
Meanwhile, dancing can make them more active and let them lead a happy life.
What's more, the people who are dancing are supposed to understand that other people who are baby or elder people need have a rest , especially, at night.
If the voice of music is too loud, the baby and elder people cannot feel asleep.
For this, maybe do harm to their health both physically and mentally.
Besides, the residents should take a effective measure to solve this problem, rather than do some bad things, such as, scaring others or throwing rubbish at others, which is unwise.
Last but not least, the residents and the dancing people shouldn't have so many confrontations.
All of them need step on others' position to think things.
For one thing, the residents should make a understanding that people dance to train which is not only to build up body, but also, motivate other people to practice.
To put it in a nutshell, the residents and practicing square dancing they must understand noting is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.
They can solve this issue perfectly and peacefully.
On the one hand, some people support that e-book is necessary in the furture.
when it comes to spring festival, most of the chnese people would like to set together with their family members.
they talk about the pasted year and the coming year.
they think the spring festival gala is a wonderful way to celebrate the spring festival.
because the spring festival gala shows the great artists' work by the TV.
diffrent people like diffrent things, for me i like the short sketch.
i'll never miss the short sketch made by zhaobenshan, guodegang, fenggong, panchangjiang and so on.
the teenagers like the famous stars' shows specially.
and for the older , perhaps the Folk art are their favorite.
for the audience the like all kinds of programs .
First, this is love.
And language is at the heart of the Internet, for Net activity is interactivity.
According to Mesthrie et al.
Many college students have unhealthy habits.
Many students may sleep very late after we come to college, and even some student may sleep at 3 a.m.
It leads us to have no energy next day.
And it is dreadful for our health, it may make us get many diseases.
When we got to the university, we have more spare time, the Internet is convenient, and many people are addicted to the Internet.
So many boys will play computer games all night or even cut class, they may not drink or eat.
It wastes the education and it is bad for our body.
We have heard a lot of cases that someone is syncope and even be dead with playing computer games.
Information on the Internet is large and complex, it is very convenient to shop on the internet, many people are addicted to the Internet shopping.
It can easily lead to excessive consumption.
Unhealthy habits are easy to form, but it is not easy to be corrected.
If we want to correct it, we should make strict time schedules.
If we cannot do it by ourselves, we can ask our roommate to give some help.
Of course, I have a lot of unhealthy habits, too.
Such as, many things that I can do now, but I am usually procrastination.
I have made some plans to do it.
Last week, i receipeted some staff complainted to me that our purchased the laptops from DEF company.
I receipted a call from PatBaker, the sales representative of ABC company, he would like to collct suggestions from our company, he added that two engineers to bring back the faulty equipment.
The use and maintenance of the equipment.
It's essential for the couple to obey the order.
First, the bridegroom should appear in the front of audiences .
A short time later, the bride and bridegroom should say the wedding vows which can guard theirs love .
And then become a couple.
In the Meantime, they can exchange their rings to witness their love.
Finally, they will kiss and enjoy future life.
With the development of society people attach greater important to wealth and health.
Some people think we should love our body when we were young, or the body worn down will repent at leisure.
As far as I am concerned, I like to wealth, but I value health more because body is the source of revolution.
In my opinion, youth is the period for establishing foundation of the whole life.
Everyone is energetic and full of zeal for work.
From this picture we can see there is one man whose words like a bomb in the computer.
This picture reflects the harmfulness of online rumors.
As the Internet technology developing, the Internet rumor is also developing.
It's not a good phenomenon for our lifes.
It can give rise to people's fear and cover people's eyes.
It can also control people's actions and tell people wrong information not to believe the true things.
In my opinion, I think governments should strengthen the Internet legal system.
Give the knowledge of the Internet rumors publicity to people.
Improve the ability to prevent the Internet rumors.
Thank you everyone.
I don't know much about success, because I don't think I am a winner.
He said, win the first place.
He is a very successful business man.
This is obviously a big success.
If I pay enough, I can buy what I deserve.
Promise me now, Rose, and never let go of that promise.
My heart was cold when I stood on the same ground with them.
First and foremost, it is the environment in which human beings are developing for thousands of years.
To start with, giving advice to fine those who is not friendly to nature to the government is the most direct way to keep them away from it.
In other words, Let them handle life by themselves.
If everything done by parents, children may lack ability of solve problems.
They can do what they interested in and find the world in their own ways.
I am a student in Tianjin NO.1 Middle School.
I'm in Class One, Gread Eight, with forty-two students in it.
In the class, there is a student named Wang Hao.
He's not only my classmate but also one of my best friends.
He is tall but not very fat, and he's with glasses.
So we often playing basketball and singing together, and we have ever joined a singing match together.
We always have the same hobby.
Our studies are both good.
But I'm not good at maths, so he often helps me and I'm really thankful about that.
One of them vert like singing, even in the late at night.
One night, I was reading a book.
Suddenly, he became singing.
I was very angry, but I could do nothing.
    You're welcome.
For health, we should take some measures to make the air cleaner.
On the one hand, We should dirve electric car instead of gasoline-powered cars.
The theme of the speech is the English Novel L Like Best.
There are some matters you need pay attention to.
Such as the speeches cannot more then five minutes and you should speak fluence.
The English speach competition will start.
Since 1st January,2011, we can't smoke in the the public in China.
The purpose of this rule is that all the indoor public without smoking.
The measures of this rule is that post the no smoking signs.
In our country, about 350 billion people like smoking and 75% of the smokers are men while 25% of the smokers are women.
Now more and more people like going shopping online.
Some people suppose that it is better to make purchase of goods online than in a shopping center, because it is convenient and cheaper.
The customers can get what they need without going out.
All kinds of things can show us online and you will have many more options.
Of course, if you did not satisfied with your goods, you could require the seller to return the purchase.
On the other hand, some people think that shopping online is not so good.
Because some shops on the Internet sell fake and inferior products.
It is not safe to buy food online.
And some pictures of clothes online look very pretty, but they won't find the clothes are not fit for them until they buy them.
Furthermore, the clothes' color and qualities are not correspond to the pictures.
Though you can require the sellers to return the goods, you also need to pay the freight.
In my opinion, we can buy things online.
Because shopping online is often cheaper than in store.
You can try on clothes in the store and memorise your size and color.
Then you can search the flagship store online.
I think you will be satisfied with your goods.
Many students who are in college are short of social practice nowadays.
They only attach importance to study but ignore the importance of social practice.
Firstly, students can take part in many activities those are held by school.
It can bring students too much experience from these.
Secondly, students can try other activities in order to improve themselves.
If so, they can help themselves better and better.
Last but not least, they can finish their tasks when they work.
As far as I'm concerned, taking part in social practice is a good way to improve ourselves.
We should pay attention to it.
But we should keep balance the time between activities and study.
Social practice is important, but study is the first.
The gift was a beautiful and lovely Teddy bear.
The bear was brown and wear colorful dress.
I think this bear is one of the best birthday presents.
Helen Green sent the gift to me, I was so happy, because the gift was particular and she was my best friend.
If I have some problems, she will help me solve the problems at once.
No matter it is good or unfavorable, self-confidence can make a magical change to us.
Firstly, a good attitude can make people feel that you know everything about it and increased your confidence in the invisible.
Secondly, focus everything on ourselves, because no one is perfect and everyone can make mistakes.
If you realize that, you will have a good attitude and confidence around with you.
Finally, sometimes we may find we are not capable of doing things well or something beyond our ability.
That is alright, believe yourself, just do it and don't give up.
In addition.
Preparation is another key to building up self-confedence.
There is no doubt that people have a mature plan can easier finish their jobs.
For example, you will do some important things, if you don't make a plan, when you meet some problems, you may feel anxious and you do things will have no confidence.
But if you do some preparation, you can foresee what will happen and deal with it calmly.
Then you will feel happy and increase your self-confidence.
In our daily life, we are supposed to upgrade our learning skills and renew our literal information.
By way of conclusion, it is my personal position that keep a good attitude and have preparation can not completely set up confidence.
There are two key points to make people feel confidence.
But if people real want to have confidence you will believe yourself.
But there are many problems in the evacuation drill .
. For example , individual students run and chase each other , , or maybe just stay in the class room .
They don't pay attention to the evacuation drill .
Instead , , some students are too nervous to look after each other .
So how to survive in an emergency .
Firstly , , stay calm and don't lose your head when the misfortune comes to you .
. Then , you must listen to the commond of your teachers and escape by designated routes .
In short , , everyone should seriously participate in the evacuation drill .
Nowadays, with the development of the economy, more and more new industries have made a great progress.
Some people hole the idea that competition and coordination should be separated.
But I cling to the idea that each of them has an important effect on another.
In the market system, if only having competition, there will come into being monopolization and make the economy exposed to danger.
Besides, good competitions will contribute to reforming the old system and improve the efficiency.
It's been two years, two years ago, I was a junior high school student.
It happened a lot of things, but all of it are little things.
I can barely remember those.
I just remember one thing in junior high school.
In 2013, We had PE lesson, In that PE, we had many sport to do, running, rope skiing, Jumping.
I was so tired that I fell in a faint.
Two of us came to help me.
They knew I can't walk anymore, so they put my arms to their shoulder and sent me infirmary.
People say that the first impressions are very important.
In English class , we all listen to the teacher carefully .
And after shool we do our homework carefully too .
Mrs Yu is very kind and patient.
She explains English grammar so clarly that we can all remember the grammar clarly .
I like English very much .
All I have shown to you is only a part of my love.
All I have shown to you is only a part of my love.
So I like to study in the library.
The Spring Festival is the most popular festival in China.
It's happens every year.
but not on same day.
Spring Festivai is celebrated from the evening before it.
It's a time for a tradional dinner with jiaozi amang family.
We watch a special TV progamme until a midnight.
As soon as it's12o'clock.
then we play fireworks in the street .
However, Montgomery did not refute these criticism by speech but practice.
My parent are extremely kind to me, they give me so much love, they always care about me and give me power every morning, they wake me up and cook breakfast for me.
When I am in trouble , they always encourage me and cheer me up .
I still remember once i argued with my best friend , they talked with me and finally helped me deal with the problem.
I am extremely thankful for all that they have done for me.
When i was came across difficultly , my parent always give me encourage .
As we all know, the life has changed a lot in the recent years.
It was an very old way, and also it is not convenient.
As for me, I used to study just in the school, but now I can use computer to find good lessons in order to improve myself.
So I can learn a lot from the internet, it can open my eyes .
Mother would return a smile to them, and say  Thank you for saying that, I just know how to do skin care.
If you do not work, you will become lazy and of no use to society.
They are always dizzy and tired, with sleeping not well very, what's worse, they cannot eat the amount of food which is necessary for them.
Thirdly, a warm bath or a milk which is good for sleeping.
Finally, in my view, the parents' encouragement that gives them energy also works.
But that was not the end, .
I'm a new college student, but after I experienced some things in the college, there are some opinions of mine as follows: Firstly, I think college is important for students at our age.
You can join in all kinds of apartments, and then you can take advantage of this change to exercise yourself, to improve your ability and develop yourself.
What's more, you can meet many new students and make friends with them.
Then, You can absorb much knowledge in your college, which is very use-full in your future life.
Without knowledge, you will lost many chances, not only in your job, but also in your relationship.
Last but not least, maybe you can discover your precious girls or boys, and even your girlfriend or boyfriend will become your wife or husband.
In a word, college is very necessary for you to take part in.
Yes i have.
I've been very tired this day.
when i got home i tired to cook some rice, but i burnt it.
i feel very lonely.
I want Mum and Dad to come home soon.
When I have a problem with my homework, my father can help me.
when my parents come home, they were happy to find that i could cook and tidy up now.
The population on earth is increasing rapidly, and with the development of modern industry, more and more people are flowing into cities.
There are many suggested solutions to this problem.
And I'm favour of the idea of building satellite cities in suburbs.
The fresh air and beautiful scenery will attract people to leave the busy city.
With many people leaving the city, more space will be available for those remaining.
During the activity, students came to the music relaxing room for relaxing themselves in mental and physical.
Finally, each class performing the class meeting for the activity summary.
In the past , we get information from the newspaper .
Nowadays , we look though information by internet webpages .
The fact is more and more people think the internet is a better source of news .
For one thing , we can get news from internen quickily , efficiently and conveniently .
If we want to know what happen that day .
We can only import the content and click the webpage , a few seconds later , there will list a lot of sources on the webpage .
we can choose the information what we need .
For another , getting news from internet is enviornmental .
All of us know that the paper made by trees .
China has a huge population , if 1.3 billion people read newspaper everyday , can we imagine that how many trees will be cut down .
So it is environmental to look though news from internet .
The students whose scores are high are much admired by the other student and are respected by the teachers.
They always have a lot of special treatment and the school always give them more chance to try many interesting things.
Many people always think the top students are ponderous and hate to communicate with others, but i don't think so.
According to my opinions, i think the most top student have similar feature.
They have a clear head, they know what they want and how to get it.
They have burning ambitions, and try their best to achieve it.
They spend enough time to read and do a lot of things which are useful to their future.
I also want to be a top student.
So i decide to try my best to do things perfectly.
I will be strict to myself and learn from others.
I will communicate with teachers more, and read much books.
I manage to use the time after class to work to know more about the society.
On the one hand, it provides us with an opportunity to put what we have learned into practise, which will surely accumulate our working experience.
Besides, it may make our spare time meaningful and partly relieve students' financial burdens.
Reading as a great way to get knowledge and spent spare time can have deep influence on one's life.
So what books can be choosen can be important.
A bad book like terrible wine.
Not only can it do harm to your body , but also can it hurt you soul.
