I still can remember that when I was very young my mother and my father was very busy and I was brought up by my grandparents.
In my memory , there is a small river near my grandparent's house, at that time the sky was light blue as well as the water in the river .
when it is sunny outside my grandfather always take me to the riverbank for a walk.
But , Decades years has gone , our deforestation has already destroyed a large quantities of trees and accelerate the speed of soil erosion.
With the development of industry , three industrial wastes has become more and more serious .
Several tens of years' pollution , we can hardly see a river so clear that we can see the bottom , what's more, a number of aquatic products are suffering with catastrophe.
From my point of view, It is high time that we should do something to save our earth as well as ourselves .
Be faced with exhaustible, population growth sandstorm and so on .
I have studied at the college for a year, during this year I went through many different things that I have never met in middle school.
From these things, I got many useful experiences.
We as college students are going to work soon, so to apply to society, what we have got, experience, ability, knowledge and whatever.
Some college students choose graduate school when they finish their senior year.
But as for me I prefer to find a job rather than go on studying, because it will cost more money, and the same problem is we still have to face many difficulties when we find the job.
Some students' reasons that they choose to go on studying are they just want to escape reality.
They should take responsibility for what their parents have done.
In today's world, most of the people want to be beautiful.
Some people even sacrifice their health to aspire to be beautiful, such as losing weight excessively in order to look more slim.
What's more serious is that you're possibly to dislike eating food.
It's not sensible to do it.
Beauty can be seen as two parts, one is external, the other is inherent.
In my opinion, inherent beauty is the most important.
Health is the most valuable thing that you must take care of.
Generally speaking, it's not worth sacrificing your health for beauty.
In the movie, when the reporter asked the kid who also suffered from AIDS what would he like, he answered:  I wanted a pair of shoes.
Didn't toies, didn  t foods, only a pair of shoes, this wish for us is very simple, but for him is difficult.
Because his foots was cold.
At that time, I cried.
Then we also need to exercise such as playing basketball, jogging and so on.
This is my school, this is beautiful and big.
There are some teacher rooms in the first floor.
There are a lot of class rooms.
There are some teacher rooms in the second floor .
There are a lot of class rooms.
There are some teacher rooms in the third floor.
There are a lot of class rooms.
There are some teacher rooms in the forth floor.
There are a lot of class rooms.
One evening, actually earlier than evening, the sun began to sink.
After a while, it was getting darker and darker.
My mother and I was taking a walk after dinner in the park.
We talked all the way and soon we came to a long stair.
  I know I answered.
It took us a long time to move a few steps.
Suddenly, mom stopped.
In the dark, I felt that she caught me, firstly on my arm, and then on my wrist.
It seemed that she fumbled for a long time to hold me.
I still remembered it was cold that day.
The moment she hold my hands I became warm at once.
It was an episode.
  I was totally astonished and moved.
A lot of memories called to my mind.
When I was a little girl, mom just held my hand and sent me to school like this.
The reasons are as follows.
First, the bad habits have made us waste a lot of things.
For example, we thrown paper anyway.
Second, we had a bad environment in our campus.
The environment problems need us to creating a conservation-oriented campus.
Third, the energy crisis is a global problem around us.
In my point of views, improving the attention about creating a conservation-oriented is the radical way.
Creating a conversation-oriented campus is a long and tough task to complete.
We should take our efforts to do it better.
I try to cook but I burnt it.
In addition, write compositions on my dream.
I was never aware of the importance of the dream, and never thought about that question why we must have a dream.
Of course, the dream just is an abstract concept.
However it takes us belief.
What's more, if we have a dream, we can set series of goals to achieve step by step.
No one wants to be a loser.
On the contrary everyone does their best to get a superior life.
As far as I am concerned, the human differ from animals in thinking.
Sometimes we are in a tight corner, and despair of life.
Some of my classmates hold a quite supportive attitude toward students getting online frequently .
But every coin has two sides, the other students objected to them.
Besides, it took us a large amount of valuable time and energy.
I think, we should consider the computer to be an important tool.
Widely-used expressions arise out of social , political and cultural changes.
In my youth some experience was to change my whole out look on life.
I even demanded myself almost everyday that you should be wrapped up in your study instead of being concentrated on computer games .
To a great degree, I believed that I would accomplish what was expected of me by means of encouraging myself .
Nonetheless, in fact every time I decided to make some progress I always became more tired of living up to my parents' expectations .
In many cases, the chances are that you are capable of achieving your purpose, and yet you also need use your strong character to the best advantage.
I guess everyone feels like making a positive impression.
But a sea of people don't know how to do it.
Now I will share my opinions with you about making a lively impression.
It is first and most essential thing that you should be honest.
If you always tell lies, nobody will get along with you , and no matter what you do , it's useless.
Besides you can make yourself warmhearted.
If you often help others, they will think you are kind and your impression will gradually improve.
What's more, you should communicate with your classmates, friends and people with whom you are familiar .
Let them know your thoughts.
Hi, my chinese name is C.
My English name is Jodie.
I come from S.
There are many tasty foods in S.
So you can have a good time when enjoying it.
I am an outgoing, easygoing and not tall girl.
I very like eating foods.
I also like traveling.
My favorite sport is playing badmiton, but I not play so well.
I also like Taekwondo.
I think it is so fantastic.
I think being a teacher may more fit to me.
From college, I want to learn more knowllege and make more friends.
I am trusting a word that you will across the bridge when you get to it.
That is me.
I am YG.
I really enjoy my free time.
I like riding a bike very much.
I like playing football, too.
Because I love Messi very much.
He is a good football player.
I like playing football with cwj.
Because he play football very well.
This is my free time.
Some people think that help strangers is a virtve, because everyone has needed help.
Choose go abroad that can learn other country's culture .
There is no doubt that make different choose led to different life.
Move your full roll to a cutting board.
Today, and not the same as usual.
I do not think in bed, I have breakfast quickly and then go to the library and read books.
I sat on lawn with friends talk.
I go to the playground to play roller coaster.
My mood is unable with the language to describe.
This is happier holiday.
Everyone will dream of their future.
So do I.
Obviously I want to find a job which both pays me well and interests me.
An increasing number of people are becoming aware of the significance of health.
I want to adapt myself to the development of social.
With the development of social, more and more people fall ill because they go on a wrong diet.
In my opinion, once a habit is formed, it is difficult to get rid of it.
So I really hope that I can try my best to help them.
On the one hand, a right diet is necessary for maintaining a healthy body.
On the other hand, everyone has bad habit.
''A close mouth catches no flies''.
Thus a man should definitely be sure of what to eat and what not.
I hope that I am helpful.
I suppose that they will live a good life if they eat as I tell them.
Meanwhile, more and more people complained that they have a short life.
To settle this problem, I think that the reason for it.
To sum up, they go on a wrong diet.
In the future, everyone will need a dietitian.
So I will expand my scope of knowledge.
As a dietitian, I should learn the ingredient of every eatables and their nutritional value.
Besides, I will learn to cook.
I suppose that it will help me to obtain more knowledge about health.
In short, I will be a dietitian in the future.
I believe my dream can come true.
An ocean of people do not agree with it, but I think it can benefits people.
Besides, you will gain some working experiences, which will be of great help when you are finding a job in the future.
I'm a student in a university .
I have a friend as English, I passed he realized that the UK is a beautiful country, I want to go to UK to have a look.
The reason that I choose the job, because I also want to pass this opportunity to exercise your English skills, let his English is more and more good .
With the growth of peoples' life standards, a great many of them possess their own cell phone.
obviously, cell phone indeed bring about convenience to us, it make it possible to obtain information swift, it enable us to contact our friend easily, and so on .nevertheless, it is a obstacle in some way.
some people use it to chat with net friends day and night, and others play mini-games as if it is their routine.
they are overusing it and the prime consequence is wasting lots of time, other influence is it prevent us from focusing on important thing , moreover, addicted to it deeply many cause considerable inconvenience.
Some people think reading need selective , and to choose good books to read .
Scribbling and littering would leave the others a bad impression.
My first impressions of her is that she is a strict but enthusiastic teacher.
Ms.
Yu has many intresting teaching methods so I do not think I will feel bored in her classes.
My English grades were not very good in senior high school and I failed in the first test in senior high school.
After that, Ms.
As far as I'm concerned that study English in HUST is more fancy .
I don't have much time to study English in that our major is extremely busy .
And my English level is down soon, therefore I choose the double degree in HUST to study and improve my English.
In HUST.
I can share very luxuriant English resources and assume some special practice.
These are intensely helpful to me to study English.
Besides, major English in HUST can touch lots of classmates from different college or different major.
We can communicate with each other and it's a pretty effective way to study English.
English learning is always the most important part in my life.
Being good at communicating is my advantage, so it never be difficult for me to make friends in English.
And I hope Mr.
Ma can teach us more about different cultures in differnet countries.
When it comes to fears of the following 4 years at college, memorizing vocabularies Must be the first one.
So I wish that Mr.
Ma could help me in tihs part.
In a word, I hope college English can gives me more surprises.
With the development of the economic environent problems are increasingly prominent.
Gasoline and eventually emissions is out of a large number of waste gas.
Carbon dioxide will make global warming and temperature rise.
Population is growing fast lead to global warming an important one reason.
Population growth to reclaim needs to be more land to ensure that the human places to live.
Vegetation coverage reduced, absorb carbon dioxide also reduce along with it.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed not only emission into the atmosphere, so atmospheric carbon dioxide from the increase in.
We should protect the earth to do things.
In order to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, we are going to start from the little things.
Although we can not do to reduce the number of cars.
But we can use fewer cars.
Go out as far as possible when less open private cars, more than a bus or sit up greener bicycle.
We don not go to destory plants, rather than to a variety of trees.
A year of a tree, a spike in invreasingly will have a lot of vegetation, and do not feel free to trample lawn.
The earth is our common home.
Everyone has a responsibility to take good care of it.
A little ever everything can cause environment pollution.
I went to the grassland during the vacation.
I went to the grassland with my best friends by train.
There are many beautiful scenerise in the grassland.
I breathed fresh air and looked transparent sky.
I like it very much.
when we arrived at the grassland, we can see many horses and sheep.
People live in ger.
We rode on a horse in the grassland, but I have a friends to get hurt.
So we have to be worried about him and hope him turn better soon.
We ate sheepment and beef.
The sheepment and beef is so delicious that we full of praise.
We have a good time during this tirp.
Nowadays, more and more students enter colleges.
thus, a part of college students form some unhealthy habits.
For example, sleeping late, addicted to the computer games and somking and so on.
It is hurtful for health.
Firstly, if a person sleep later, he will become relaxed.
Sometimes, he feels annoy.
Secondly, if a person drink some beers, his stomach will be hurt.
Thirdly, if a person is addicted to playing games.
He won't concentrate on learning.
these actions have effect on college students'living.
College is a wide society.
Everyone is freedom.
So we learn own controlling.
A good sleep is a part of success.
Some people think if they have much money, they can do many things.
It can make them feel happiness.
Just as the old saying goes It will never too old to learn.
as she jumped down with her bundles, houseworkwhile he reflected, looking over her slight person: She don't look much on housework, but she ain't a fretter, anyhow.
Then he learned that one other spirit had trembled with the same touch of wonder: that at his side, living under his roof and eating his bread, was a creature to whom he could say: That's Orion down yonder; the big fellow to the right is Aldebaran, and the bunch of little ones-like bees swarming-they're the Pleiades.
it seemed to Ethan that the art of definition could go no farther, and that words had at last been found to utter his secret soul.
And now let me introduce it in detail.
 Teaching Building are on the southwest of the Office Building .
Science Building is on the southeast of the Office Building .
There is a very big Paking Lot between the two buildings .
The Playground is on the southwest of the Basketball Court .
First of all, thank you for giving me the chance to speak.
My name is J.
a very easygoing boy and I have no difficulty in speaking English.
is very important for us to learn English well.
Because, English can not only improve our knowledge but also can help us when we communicating with each others.
I want to set up an English corner , in which who want to speak English well can benifit alot from English corner.
Please choose me.
That is all.
She has light black eyes and long straight hair.
She is very enthusiastic, friendship and kind-hearted.
What's more , As she watched the moving film, her eyes filled with tears .
My mother does business about twenty years .
In memories.
Over the years , we have always lived apart until now .
So I missing her very much all the time .
From many aspects , As a mother , she is successful .
With the fast-growing population in China, more and more universities have been expanding their enrollment.
For one thing, considering our current situation, our country being a large population of nearly one billion, the problem of  difficulty in going to college  seems particularly crucial to us.
At the same time, we can't ignore the fact that a growing number of children have a better chance to go to school owing to the rapid development of China.
It is not easy for them to get through the courses from the kindergarten to the high school.
It is unfair to them.
In this respect, I am strongly in favor of universities' expansion of enrollment.
Because of the policy, the proportion of high school graduates going to college has been increasing.
For another, for the sake of the individual, being admitted into the university means having better opportunities to take hold in the society compared with those who don't go to the university.
This may be my one-sided view.
But nine times out of ten, it is true when applied to the society.
As a result, they are capable of generating their own ideas and grow up more mature, which lays a solid foundation for their future.
  We hold this truth to be self-evident to some degree.
That's why we have no business, let alone other people or groups, depriving teenagers of the right to receive a college education.
I like running best.
Because it not only can make me healthy but also it's easy to do.
I frequently running for the weekend with my sister or my brother.
In the future, I hope to be a running player when I grow up.
My parents are proud of me.
When it comes to my college life, I think of two words.one is colorful, the other peaceful.
I still remember the first day I set foot in this college.
Buildings were surrounded by many trees.
Fashionable dressings were here and there.
What I saw was really fresh.
Time spent at a university is a most worthwhile period in a young persors life.
This is a time when a student begins to form his or her ideas about life in general.
During the time a student spends at university, be not only develops his intellectual ahilites, healso develop social skills as knowledge and wisdom necessary for choosing a future career.
I am very happy that I was admitted in the beautiful college.
I will work hard because I want to get a scholarship.
Things don't happen.
Nothing in the world is difficult unless you put your heart into it.
I heard that you are interested in my school, our school has a lot of good place, but I'd like to introduce you the library, because I think the library is the symbol of a school building, and literature.
Not afraid of life is not good and they were afraid to not good name.
I have a good name and I love it.
We are very busy on Wednesday.
Look at the boy next to the table.
He is me.
I am doing my homework.
Look at the woman is my mother and she is also writing, but she isn't doing homework.
She is writing letters to her friends.
Look at my father.
He is sitting on the armchair and reading newspapers.
Firstly, their children didn't pay much attention to take care of their parents; secondly , inadequate protection of the policy , our country was a typical of old before rich , our government can't safeguard people's life but they enact the family planning policy .
Thirdly the social helping have some problem.
Now, many literary workshave been made into a movie, so it has a view.
But I don't think so.
Some class think it is good to learn English, They think they can learn English better by helping each other, they think they can learn more in English class.
My parents gave me a mobile phone as a gift when I entered college.
Since then it has become one of my most valuable possessions.
The brand of my mobile phone is 	Motorola  , whose logo M is carved above my screen.
In fact, it has two layers connected by a thick shaft.
One layer is the screen, the other layer is a keypad.
Judged from its exterior, my mobile phone is just like a little computer.
Meanwhile, its functions are also like a computer.
With the exception of functions as calling, texting, music, camera and others which are possessed by normal mobile phones, my mobile phone can surf the internet, download software, novels and movies, do video calling and offer dictionary to the language study.
I have used my mobile phone for 2 years, during which he has offered me great conveniences as I have listed.
From the picture, we can see an old woman sitting in front of the mirror and feeling lonely as her child isn't accompanied with her.
Actually, the phenomenon of aged people staying at home alone is becoming more and more general with the development of the society.
Even if young people have to earn money to support their family so that they can survive in this cruel society.
However, it's not the excuse to leave our parents alone at home because they are the our closest people in this world.
They need us.
What's more, though they are old, having no energy to make jokes with us, however, they still miss us no matter where we are.
Besides, if a person becomes older and older, he or she may have difficulties to deal with many things.
The person I admire most is Mao Zedong.
He was the first chairman of the new China.
He is not only a far-sighted strategist, but also a gifted poet.
When I was a child, I always read his poem.
His outstanding military ability enabled him to lead the Red Army to get out of difficulties.
He made a lot of compassionate people policy, and combating corruption.
Even though he did many wrong decision in his old age.
He still is an excellent hero.
There are many kinds of examinations today.
As students, we are familar with the examinations.
From primary schools to universities, we have gone through sorts of examinations.
Needless to say, it is universally acknowledged that it take us much tome to get another temporary employment.
Welcome to this year's English speech competition.
The topic this year is The English Novel I Like Best  .
For better performance in the competition, the competitors should take notice of some requirements.
Everyone shall make the speech in five minutes.
As far as I'm concerned, the competition can provide a channel through which we can promote our listening and speaking abilities of English as well as developing the habit of reading.
So.
Your passage will be published on the column FOREIGN CULTURE on our school newspaper.
Most of us growed up with mother love.
In my childhood.
Now I'm 21 years and had go to the college.
That means I have less time to stay with my mother, she calls me every day to ask me about my health and tells me to take care about myself.
When we are in school, when we are on travel, when we are on word, do not forget your mother.
They need us just like we want to get more money.
At 7:00 a.m.
High school and university life both part of my life's, they play both important role in my life.
First of all, The most difference is the way of teaching and learning.
At high school, we used to doing what the teachers required, such as reciting essays, finishing homework, and doing many papers.
Actually, this is so boring.
The second difference is that in high school we may live in a dependent environment, we stay together with our parents or relatives.
But in university there are students from all around the country, so we may attach more important to learning how to live independently and make decisions on ourselves.
Last but not least, it couldn't be neglected that there is an obvious distinction between the two lifestyles.
While at high school, our goals may be limited and the plan may be dim, the university entrance examination serves as the center of everything.
But when we become a university student, we must set a specifics goals as early as possible and make our plans clear enough, not only for several exams but also for our future.
Personally speaking, whatever the high school life and university life, they both the precious memories for me.
Although they are different, they can bring the different experiences and feeling.
Just as the saying goes, Reward lies ahead of diligence, but noting is gained by indolence.
Recently, our class is facing the group cooperative learning problems .
Some people suggest that group cooperative learning is novel.
Ang the traditional classroom form change.
I think that group cooperative learning not suitable for our class.
Because we are unique identities, we often hold different ideas on many things.
As far as I am concerned, I want to be a calm person, nonetheless I often so nervous to solve problems.
I will insist on my true opinion as I know I am in a right way.
Everyone has a lot friends in his life, but usually only a little is indeed friend.
As the saying goes, a friend in need is a friend indeed.
Indeedfriend must go through trials and tribulations together.
It was in a competition during my high school time that I failed down in the way to the way to the end.
My best friend , Ying, who should be the winner in the competition , saw me failed.
So she slowed down her pace and looked back to me .
It was so pain for me to stand up, helpless and sad occurred to me at that moment.
But all of a sudden, a hand appeared in front of my eyes.
In th end of my high school, we had quantities of time to talk about the past three years.
During the talking , one of my classmate said that there is a classmate spoke short of me in front of other people .
She is on no purpose, but me in mind.
Then Ying told me it was two years ago that my desk-mate spoke short of me in front of my other good friend.
She does do a lot to me .
With the time going by, I know more about friendship.
Friendship is a magnificent building I built on the foundation of friendship.
It takes time to blossom.
It takes a lot of understanding, loads of sharing and caring to become what it's today.
Sometimes human beings can do something very wrong with no idea about it.
For example, destroying the environment around us.
So we can find that we are in total ignorance.
It's so terrible since we don't even know the consequences we are causing when we are the victims.
Almost every one knows we need clean air, almost every one knows sharks is endangered, and almost every one loves animals.
Yaeh, they are in complete ignorance in actions.
Above all, ignorance in action is to blame.
Nowadays, there is a widespread concern over mobile phone.
As for me, it is widely believed there are seveal positive aspects as follows.
Firstly, it is convenience for us to keep in touch with parents and friends.
Having won the 67th Oscars in 1995, Frankenstein is an extraordinary science fiction.
The film was directed by Kenneth Branagh who also played one of the two main characters---the young scientist Victor Frankenstein.
The story is about creating life.
Victor Frankenstein'mother dies when she bears her second son.
Victor is so sad that he determines to find out the way to bring a dead body back to life to resurrect his mother.
While studying in university, Victor discovers the secret of creating life.
Then he puts parts of dead bodies together and creates a huge, ugly monster.
The monster is kind at first, but people all dislike him because of his terrifying appearance.
After he loses his only friend, an old blind man who is the only one likes the monster, the monster becomes angry and sorrowful and begins to hate his creator Frankenstein.
Then the monster begins to take revenge on Frankenstein.
As the power that human have becomes stronger and stronger, how to use our power and deal with the relationship between human and the nature becomes a serious problem.
Personally, I am in favor of this point of view.
First and foremost, on the one hand, it is well known that brand name products have its own advantages like the excellent quantity and beautiful appearances, I won't doubt it.
But on the other hand, they are more expensive than the other same products that without brand.
Besides, it's really not a good thing that a competition occurs between classmate, some students will feel self-abased if he don't have some brand name products, because someone have will laugh at him, it is extremely unnetcessary.
In the afternoon, I went shopping with my mother , we bought five T-shirts and shots, and we went to eatsome dessert in Manji Tianping.
It's much safer for them to live in the zoos than in the wild.
One day I read a book about interesting stories at home.
Suddenly my mother appeared and asked me what I was reading.
And then I shared this book with her, and we began to read together.
At last we even spent the whole afternoon to reading, and we all have a good time.
Uwe Scholz, master of classical and modern dance.
He is a man whose life can't stop dancing and a man is responsible for making sure that the Leippzig Ballet survived.
There are few persons doing one thing until dead like him.
There are lost of people like him who get great achievements.
But few of them have a poor life like him.
All of them are talents in their own field.
It is rare to find such a genius nowadays.
It seems to me that it is unnecessary for Uwe Scholz to spend his life studying ballet.
Private cars have some advantages.
First, it makes travel easier.
We can go to some close places in weekends.
And with the development of technology, cars is becoming more and more comfortable to ride.
But on the other side, cars also have some disadvantages.
The most important one is air pollution.
There are masses of hazardous substance in the automobile exhaust.
Such as carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, solid particles and so on.
In my opinion, the advantages can't be replaced.
And we should develop the energy technology fast.
(1).
The Olympic Games will be held in our country, so the government will be building new hotels.
By the end of next year, workers will have finished work on the new stadium and Kurt Gunter has the fantastic modern building.
(2).
For reading have different views, some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
However, others believe we learn by doing.
For example, Helen keller's Three Days to see  .
Helen KeIler, blind and deaf from infancy, gives her answer in this remarkable essay.
In the article Three Days to see  , Helen Keller presented her positive and optimistical.
Influence on us is to learn that her strong spirit.
Such as important events, she actually graduated from Harvard University in the blind and deaf world, she also set up a charitable organization.
So my view is reading a good book can change thought, have important impact to our life.
l hope that we should cherish life.
Hello every, I am glad to share my experiences about the prepare for tem4.
With the intake expansion in Chinese Universities, there is no doubt that ist makes many students' the university dream comes true.
At first, the quality of the students is lowering.
Secondly, not enough teachers.
With the number of the students more and more, it has not enough teachers to teach.
A teacher will take responsibility for two or three classes, which will increase pressure.
Thirdly, the equipment of study is not enough.
Owing to more and more students, it has not enough study equipment to afford, which will result in grabbing a seat, squeezing the library and so on.
The last but not least, hard to work.
Due to the expanding of universities, the university's students are becoming more and more.
Under the limited supply in the market, they will have less opportunism to find a job.
It will appear  Employment shortage  .
There is no denying that the expanding of universities can help many students go into the university, but the problems they bring also can't be neglected.
For solving these problems, I advise the speed of the expanding should slow.
The Mid-Autumn Festival was a popular festival, celebrated by the Chinese which was passed down from ancient times to the present.
It was held on the 15th day of the eighth month in the lunar calendar.
And it was so significant that we celebrated it every year.
The day before the Mid-Autumn Festival, I always formed a plan for how to celebrate the festival.
The majority of people chose to reunite with the whole family.
A few people liked to travel for enjoying the scenery.
On Mid-Autumn Festival's Day, I would go shopping with my mother.
In the supermarket, we bought many vegetables and fruits for the dinner.
In the afternoon, I was very busy because I had to help my mother prepare the dinner.
After the sky got dark, the whole family would get together and eat dinner to celebrate the festival.
When the moon rose up in the sky, we would watch the bright moon with eating moon cakes.
I was so happy because I could stay with my families.
As an old saying goes, Never too old to learn.
To begin with, we should find a convenient access to get books we need, such as a library, s paper station and so on.
I always remember the saying, Never too old to learn.
How nice to hear from you again.
The Mid-autumn Festival is also known as 'Harvest Festival', which is one of the most vital Chinese festivals.
As we all know, Chinese traditional culture attaches great importance to family values.
On the Mid-autumn Festival, all family members and relatives will get together outside, enjoying the glorious full moon and talking about life.
Imagine the scenery: Stars are finally struggling through the cook dusk, and the moon will shine its brightest when the Mid-autumn Festival is around the corner.
You, along with your family, taste delicious moon cakes and have a joyful gathering.
There are many reasons for it.
About drinks I like some orange juice and apple juice.
For lunch and dinner , I like some rice and vegetables.
But for breakfast , I eat some eggs and bread.
When I have free time , I like to eat some snacks.
As we can see in zhe picture the online rumros as a bomb.
With the development of Internet technology.
More and more readers turn to thernet for their news .
And there are some people issue fiase news .
But netizen believe the fiase news.
Eventhough it is a rumor.
Some netizen unable to distinguish the genuine begin to comment the news.
Rumors become genuine.
In this case how can we solve.
Frist if the news didn'tbe proved is true, the news shouldn't be published onthe internet.
Secondly, as anetizen we shouldn't believe the news on the internet easily.
Nowadays, more and more students attach little importance to the spelling of words in English study.
This will make students appear improper memory, impediment students deveopment in the future.
In making words mistake understanding.
There are reasons for that students study English unseriousness, not accurate recollection words, lead to spelling wrong in using words.
This is chief reason.
Besides, English words easy confusion, casue spelling words error.
In my opinion, we should truely recollect words, trust owenself abbility , we can memory words.
When I were in high school , I want to go to college .
Till now I have studied in Shanxi Normal University for one year and I love the university life .
There are many differences between college and high school study .
Firstly , college study focus more attention on students'own decisions , students have more freedom.
But high school students do not have much freedom about studying .
Secondly , the teaching methods have changed by a great amount and the content is more complex and diversified than high school's.
Thirdly , college study aims to develop student's critical thinking ability and practical skills instead of forcing them to memorize those boring articles .
In high schools, students must remember the boring articles and take a lot of exams in order to admit by a promising college .
As for me , I really spent a long time on adapting myself to the new environment .
I my opinion , to adapt ourselves to college life , we should take part in a good corporation so that we can make more good friends and improve ourselves.
In addition , we should take part in some good activities to enhance our skills about organizing and speaking .
And we had better set up good relation to teachers and students .
Nowadays, more and more social networking websites appear in public view.
Especially for the young group.
It really brings us a lot of benefits but also brought incovenience to our life.
So according to this phenomenon, different peoper put forward different point of view.
Many people thought that Social Networks are good for us and it pulled into the distance of the people, has become the bridge of communication between us.
At the same time, others believe that best way of communication is talking face to face rather through the screen talking with strangers and in the other hands, it is really very dangerous becouse you never know who is sitting in front of you.
Today, QQ and Micro bo is very popular, so it is not very dangerous.
Everything has two sides, as long as you use it reasonable, it will be good for you.
There is much controversy about the option students should do written homework.
Many people hold the notion that it is important for students do written homework to help them study better.
  When I am a little girl, my teacher always told us like that.
So, I think do homework is a common thing.
When it comes to the success , I feel very humiliated , because after so many years' hardworking , I find myself good at nothing .
But it is no use looking at the mirror and pitying myself .
First of all , perseverance is the kind of quality that I mostly need .
In my lifetime , there are always excellent examples for me to follow .
Hearing the struggle histories of eminent persons or attending an elevated speech do inspire me with enthusiasm , in the following two or three days you will see a person getting up very early , working very hard at the library , devouring one book after another .
But I was too earnestly to see the results .
Hasting brings me no where .
Room is not building in a day , without perseverance , Thomas Edison would not do hundreds of thousands of experiments , ther would be no electric light bulb at all .
Being innovative is crucial to the development of humanity .
New ideas , new thoughts are the source of energy , are the determiner of our future .
Knowledge have no boundries , one can not stuck them all in the head .
Old things have to be moved off , so that new things can come in then we can move forward .
Last but not the least , being humorous is very important .
Humility is a kind of quality that can be learned and has been popular since the starting of human history .
The sense of humor can bring us lots of friends and makes us on intimate terms with the people around us .
That is very important to me , since my social contact is very limited .
It has been nearly half and a year since we graduated from High School.
There are distinctions among college life and the life in High School.
My answer is'Yes'.
Most of us may feel bored with the tedious lessons in High School.
Of course the reason for this is that only 'study, study and study' and 'exams, exams and exams' in High School.
We Chinese students have been receiving the exam-oriented education since we were in primary school.
Every day we did the same thing: got up early, had breakfast, went to the classroom and then studied.
So did afternoon and evening.
In total, we had to have 11 classes a day, including 3 classes in the evening.
You might be amazed and say 'Ubelievable'.
And yet we had got through the tough life.
Word has it that 'If you wish to be the best man, you must be prepared to suffer the bitterest of the bitter'.
All right, all we had done in High School is for our bright future.
Now we are in college.
What we have at present conclude abundant time, splendid life, and colorful activities.
That means we won't have too many classes any more.
Instead, we have a lot of time of our own.
'Take time before time takes you'.
This is said by a famous author which I saw from a piece of literature.
In other words, If you do the thing that you wouldn't like to do first then you can reach your goal sooner or later.
Learn to be, learn to learn and learn to live.
Those are the three important things that we should keep in mind every moment and take actions to them in college.
In a word, in spite of the contrasts of college and High School, we must realize one thing they have in common.
'One is never too old to learn'.
No matter where we are or what situation we have to face, we need study from the books or experience.
Nowadays, more and more people receive education.
Would you want to know most of the countries the world value education.
Nobody can deny the education, a person who has been educations, know much knowledge than others.
, but also can know many friends, en change your circle of friends.
The most important thing is nowadays when development needs to have good education foundation.
The average person all know, with the development of the society if you have no knowledge that is likely to be the society give out.
Some people think that group learning is beneficial to us, they think, group learning is loose, the formation of democratic atmosphere.
With the high-speed of our life, competition has become a common phenomenon in our social life.
People tend to perform better than others in jobs, study, wealth and so on.
Even when we play games, we usually have a desire to be the winner.
Nonetheless at the most of the time, people always emphasize competition rather than cooperation.
In fact, we frequently find competition and cooperation at the same time.
So, while advocating competition, we mustn't forget cooperation.
Cooperation can build trust between each other and help to bring a long-term relationship; on the other hand, cooperation can turn a minor and weak business into a major and strong one.
Believe that competition is the secret of success in sports and activities on today's world, then cooperation can be described as another essential of success.
During the Spring Festival of 2015, I came back my hometown--Chengde.
We leave Tianjin at 7:30 in th e evening on 18th Feb.
Unfotunetely, we lost on the way at once, so we waste lots of time on the way.
As a result, we arrived here at midnight.
My grandfather and grandmother were still awake at that time.
Though the time was very late.
My grandfather had borken his right leg bone for twice last year.
So his is not able to walk without hlep.
At the New Year's Eve, the members of our big family got together and had a big meal.
It lasted for two or more hours.
We all enjoyed ourselves.
I am happy that I could forget school life at least for a while.
As a second-year senior student I had to study by myself.
First I persuaded my father to have a trip to America to improve my study.
It will be helpful for my english.
And then I will celebrate my birthday after coming back from America as part of my plan.
So there will be held a party for my birthday in Auguest.
I invited my old friends who are my classmate in middle school.
I prepared some programs.
A cigarette seems to like a drug addicted to your mind, body, even your life.
When you bring out a cigarette and light it and inhale and then let the smoke out of your nose and mouth, you feel like living a virtual world---- to the heavy smoker.
It's bad for your body.
I know my father a lot, and it's impossible for him to give up smoking.
My name is L, was born in ShangLuo province in S.
I want to look for a job related to management or finance in your company.
First of all, your company is the King in the area of finance and is well-known for its development of finance.
When I was still a freshman, I obtained tow certificates for management which was outstanding in my class.
I often imagine what my life with be like in the future.
After ten year, at first, I will work about my favourite things instead of others, I work because Ican enjoy life.
The following, I can do something which I like when I was a child with my friends, I will play League of Legends with them.
What is more, I have a whole family , I live with my parents, my brother, my wife and so on.
In today's society, dogs and cats are the two main sorts of animals that commonly kept by human .
My reasons are as follows: first of all, dogs are human's most loyal friends.
They've served human for thousands of years.
They were regarded as skillful hunting partners in the old days .
Besides, they are a good door keeper of their masters as well.
But cats are far different from dogs.
According to their nature, cats usually start their life of the day in the night, which is totally contradict from human.
Cats' independence make them be not fond of getting close to their masters.
at last, I told my neighbor to turn down the music voice.
He received my advise and do so.
The reasons are as follows.
For one thing, there are so many cars come to our life, and lead to air pollution.
What's more , many people didn't realised the serous of air pollution.
sometimes my friend and i will have some contradictions, We may have quarrel, But i believe the true friendship is firm.
My ideal friend can make me cry, make me smile, make me feel the friendship is true.
It was a sunny day.
There was a pretty woman , who had long beautiful hair and wore fashion clothes , preparing to take her dog to go for a walk.
When I was jogging in the park, the pretty woman suddenly stopped near the light on the path.
Her face turned down and unhapply because her dog shitby the light.
She felt very embarrased so she wanted to go away immediately.
I was really shocked when I saw it.
She didn't want to clean it up just because she thought it embarrased to do it.
I walked to her quickly and pointed the sign Clean up after your dog  to her.
People around us also blamed her at wrong behavior.
She apologized and clean it up fast.
Nowday low-carbon lifestyle is gaining popularity with more and people, including .
It means that we reduce the emission of carbon in our daily life.
there are many things about low-carbon lifestyle .
For example, when we shopping , we use cloth bags instead of using plastic bags, whichwill surely benifits to our enuironment.
besides we ride bicycles whenever possible .
Also, we should turn off ligths when we are not using them.
As colleges students, it is our responsibility to live in low-carbon lifestyle.
Frist, it is necessary for usto use both sides of the paper in our notebooks.
From the picture, we can see an old woman sat lonely in front of the mirror, saying The children don't stay with me, I feel lonely at home by myself.
Today, we are take part in the activity of low carbon life.
In the morning, we can go to school to use the bus not use the car.
At night, when we do homework , we can not use air conditioner .
Low carbon life is conductive to the protection of our environment.
And make us have a better living environment.
On the whole, WeiHai the second senior high is a beautiful place, I don't think I will be bored in there.
One day, I received a mission.
As usual, every Saturday night, I went to the church to join the gathering.
As I was eating dinner, the leader of Christian association walked to me and sat beside me, saying that he wanted to discuss something important.
In my opinion, classic has stood the test of time, so we should learn it.
On the other hand, for the exploration of knowledge, we can't stop.
Second, to explore the unknown world and generate new understanding of man and nature is our responsibility.
So we have to keep to acquire new knowledge.
Third, learning literacy of classic can let us become elegant.
We also learn a lot of form classic to be the truth of human.
And for future exploration of knowledge, it can make us more understanding about the word.
In a nutshell, we should learn a lot of knowledge form those classic work, because acquire this knowledge is useful to us.
some people think about we read book should selec.
us learn more indept knowledge and will not feel boring.
What's more, shopping online takes higher risks.
Nowadays, growing individuals come to do shopping online.
In general speaking, it's a symbol of society's progress.
To customers, the prices of products online are relatively cheaper than those sold in stores.
However, everything has two sides.
To spend less money, we may easily get products with quality which is lower than expected.
In my opinion, with the development of the Internet, this kind of shopping will be more and more popular in future.
We should have a reasonable attitude and be more careful.
Nowdays more and more college students have realized smoking can do harm to him health, However so many people still enjoy smoking.
In fact, smoking is a bad habit, It can cause a lot of diseases, Meanwhile smoking is a waste of money.
Some people believe that reading is a critical part of learning and growth.
In my opinion, I think reading is the best way to learn.
Reading a lot of books can open our eyes and help us understand the world more.
What is more, reading is a way of increasing our vocabulary.
But in the other way, learning by doing is also a good way to explore our environment of people, things, places and events.
However, compared with reading, it takes more time and have more bad efforts than reading.
So why not spend some of your spare time reading books.
And the public transportation is so crowded that you can't even move freely.
As we all know, public transportation is particularly environmental.
I believe people care about the environment more.
Last but not least, When China has become stronger, it's high time improving peoples' life.
As is known to all, law provides us seven days to relax ourselves.
According to my survey, some students like to travel around NANJING because they think it is really a worldwide city , famous for it's long history.
Also, quite a lot of students spend their time staying home, living with family.
To our college students, most of us are not the native persons here.
wo cannot meet our parents usually.
In my plan, wo will spend about five days to going on a English class.
Everyone knows that our world is becoming more and more integrative.
In Europe, almost everyone speak English .
No matter if we go abroad or not , English is extremely important to us.
The following two days , I will stay with my family, visiting some relatives and so on.
  You have to submit it, she said, A lot of persons will relate to this story.
I always approved of myself: Go ahead, you also have a lot of significant things to deal with, you will have a heavy duty on your shoulders, you can't just give up, and you should ingest to be independent and courageous enough to overcome these difficulties challenging for you.
As is known to all that water shortage is one of the most urgent problems in our world.
There are several factors accounting for the problem.
To begin with, it is the decrease of the number of trees that contributes to desertification in many parts of land.
At the same time, it has led to land degradation, destruction of soil structure, soil nutrient loss.
On top of this, most people are not aware of saving water, to the contrary, the behavior of wasting and polluting water is so normal in our daily life.
So it is high time that relevant measures had been made.
Not only each person must improve awareness of water conservation, but also government have to pass laws to ban the behavior which is unfriendly to environment.
We are gald to inform you that your order under the Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 have been shipped by S.
Pearl  , In order for the goods reach the destination ASAP, we will transhipp the order by S.
when i was waiting by the white line .
however, there were many people being walking across the white line, undoubtedly, they are seriously shocked .
Hello, I am captain of student organization in Chenguang middle school.
My school plan to donate some book so that keep friendly talking between China and America.
Therefore, I am going to introduce some book that we want to donate.
At first, these book is green and healthy.
If I devide them, they can be devided different type.
such as history, math of china, good view.
The history book is about China from perivous to now.
record many measure and difficulty.
The math book introduce many mather of china, showing up their wisdom.
Some book introduce view of China, like Guilin, Changcheng, Gugong.
I am looking forward to recive your email, please give me a reply quickily.
In the free time, I will join some clubs like English club, Basketball club.
The network is more and more developed, a lot of peopie enjoy online shopping, so, have house man house girl.
Online shopping is very convenient , but it's very easy to deceive.
In our daily life, competition is a common phenomenon.
In spite of common , it plays a vital roal to promote the development of society.
In the first place , competition is motive .
No matter how smart the people is , if he show a lack of competition , he can not create the much treasure.
Beside , society select the wonderful people through the competition .
Those who achieve success not only gain fame and fortune , but also contribute to the society.
While advocating competition , we must not forget the cooperation.
We often find competitiong and cooperation at the same time.
In my view , the cooperation is the foundation of the competition .
As you know , I have been being in CQU for nearly a two months , and life here seems pretty good .
I like many things here , especially the library where there are many books in it .
As we all know , books are very important to us , because they can provide us with various useful messages , so reading books is really necessary for us .
One book named   which is written by Li Kaifu is a good choice for potential development .
In this book , Dr. Li associate one's success tightly with his/her trait development .
Before reading , I used to be a little bit blue for disappointment .
The other one is a picture book called   .
  But this time you may be wrong .
We should always hold our innocence so that we can live a happy and simple life .
The book's character is a lovely little red fox whose name is Ali .
The writer create him and told us a series of warm stories through Ali's interesting experience in pictures' form .
which may have already been losted during our growth .
Those two books are both of great beneficial .
  can encourage us to go up continuously and achieve our goals step by step .
En-That is what I want to say .
At present, most students have a great educational background, but most schools ignore the students' character education.
Fortunately, some school realize that the character education is extremely important for students.
In my opinion, character education is more significant than skills.
If you are dishonest with others, you may lose all your friends and feel friendless.
Moreover, you can't finish much work and then you will not be successful.
In addition, our students should learn how to respect the people and learn their strong points and good characters.
If not you can't require others' respect and improve your ability.
Last but not least, if we can build character education well, we can have a good life.
Chinaese learn has its own unique style.
Such as, when you are in class, you can listen to the teacher carefully in class, because the teacher said in class is key.
In you after class, if you have not understand piace, you can ask your teacher or students, know that you understand so far.
But chinese learning style has its advantages and disadvantages.
In this mode, you can quickly get a lot of knowledge, and learning, especially at leisure.
But this method learning will make you become does not love to move the brain.
A passive but will give you knowledge decline.
I think, we should be more for yourself a little self learning space rather than passive learning.
If we have problems, we try to solve the problem by thenself.
If a foreign friend is coming to China, I'd like to take him to see the Great Wall.
It's the one of the most famous attractions in the world.
As we all konw, China is an ancient country with over five thousand years history and there are many beautiful places all around the country.
I'm sure that foreigners will fall in love with there soon.
Besides the Great Wall, I'd like to take him to the Yellow Mountain, it's an atractive place and theren are thousands of tourists to come here every year.
I want to show the great scenary to foeign friends.
And I think when we are enjoying the animals in the zoo, we can't throw food to feed the animals because we don't know the food is fresh or dirty.
There is a pigeon named Max.
  And then goes again.
An pigeon tells it Not it, but yourself.
And so on.
But we never or less think about ourselves.
Actually, the world comes from our hand, we make it happen.
So just us, before we do something, we should think about ourselves.
Once I thought me that was very shy, and I always thought the others laugh at me .
So I was afraid of speaking and walking before mang people.
I feared to put my hand up and ask or answer the question.
Even the host ask if i want a gift.
As my heart, in fact, I want to go .
But I worried about my face, it seemed the others would laugh at me and said how stupid answer or how ugly the girl.
So i always kept quiet , but my heart jumped.
  in fact , some one was afraid of speaking in public , they think others will laugh at them .
Just yourself have this care.
If you don't think so , OK maybe you can ask your friend if really want to laugh you .
OK, even laughing, but after that , you still live the way you have to go.
'Yeah , we can change the others , only our own.
Luotuo Xiangzi is a novel written by Laoshe.
It describes the sad story of a driver of Beijing in old China.
The novel traces the life of Xiangzi, who is courageous and brave, and he goes to the city of Beijing from the countryside with the hope of purchasing his own bike.
Finally, he gets enough money for a bike with his hard working.
So he bought a bike, which is quite essential to him.
Nevertheless, life likes to play tricks on man, he is robbed of his bike by the solders.
And when he saves enough money for another bike, he is robbed of money.
Laterly, he has to marry Huniu, and sells his third one because of Huniu's difficulty in giving birth to a baby.
The suicide of little Fuzi makes him lose the only hope for life.
I am deeply impressed by Xiangzi's life.
With the stricken of reality, Xangzi, who is once a kind man changes a lot.
Great stresses of the society makes people lose their hope for life.
So far, I have come to Bei Jing for half a year, there are so many changes in my life including my attitude of living, even my characters.
Firstly, I have come down to earth compared with the past .
However, after I followed my vice-president with excellent leadership who is strict with students to make experiments , I learned so much.
One person should have a clear goal , and then stick to the end, you will get the last success , what's more, you should keep energetic , cautious , responsible , and innovative.
These advantages benefit me for a lifetime.
Now, I set a target for myself in the postgraduate stage, which is to pass the TOEFL through hard work so as to go abroad successfully.
Secondly, I am easy-going and have a wide range of hobbies , for instance oral English, music , movies and literature, which contribute to make new friends and expand my thought.
As a saying goes : smile to life , life smile on you.
thought she might be a serious teacher .
I like her teaching style , flexible , funny .
A part of students buy things out of the control, who don't have enough money to buy books about study.
Nike, for example, has a simple slogan used all around the world: 'Just do it.
So, I have some suggestion: First, we can be combined with online shopping and store shopping.
Second, the Relevant Departments can strengthen the management on online shopping, make it more perfect.
Thank you for coming to my speech.
He is the link of the school and students.
It is impossible to overstate the importance of him.
Many students compete for this position.
So, only a person who knows what most of students' voice and has a complete plan to work may succeed in this competition.
I have brilliant ability of communication and coordination.
The standard of a school is closely related to this organization.
I want to lay the solid foundation of our school's Students' Union.
If I am elected, I will truly understand the students' needs between their study and life.
All of the roommates always come from different places even different provinces.
So the culture and lifestyles are difference.
A harmony hostel is very important.
On the one hand, we can learn agood rest.
There are so many ways to create and maintain a harmonious dormitory life.
Firstly, we should get rid of bad habits at home.
These days, there is a word'top students', popular in schools.
best.
Could win many kinds of honours.
them; Parents are pround of them.
We everyone wants to become a top student.
There is a saying'Is nine points sweat a genius'.
We usually think that top students are genius.
But the fact is not.
Each person's intelligence essentially the same.
It is only that they work harder than us, deal things more seriously.
So that their performance is better than ordinary people.
As can be seen through the side of the top students shows that they have a clear goal and a detailed plan, and the indomitable will power.
We usually keep a decision.
Who insisted on who is the winner.
They can not only arrange school, usually has a high comprehensive quality.
Although said before is to be a top student, a goal just has power.
Her braveness and toughness made an indelible impression on me.
With the rapid development of the science and technology, the computer has been becoming the necessity for people in the 21st Century.
Following, an increasing number of people are in communication with using the Internet, which make our life more meaningful, comfortable and convenient.
However, sometimes the science and technology can destroy our life.
There is no consensus of opinions among people about the advantages and disadvantages of the science and technology.
Some people are of the view that the Internet is good for our life.
As far as I am concerned, the latter notion is preferable in many senses.
The reasons are obvious.
First of all, the development of science and technology can affect our communication level seriously.
When we chat online, we don't know what we should say face to face, which can the lack of communication skills.
Furthermore, it must damage our health.
Especially if we surf the Internet for a long time, our eyes will be affected.
A natural conclusion from the above discussion is that we are supposed to use the Internet reasonably and appropriately.
As a college student, I should have a rest when I get tired for the Internet.
% of my classmates are in favour of carrying phones, for it can make us much more convienent to communicate with our relations and friends.
In addition, we can also search for informations and store useful parts of them.
% of my classmates, however, are against it, saying radiation from the phones will actually do harm to our fitness and loud voice from mobile phones can disturb other students who are studying hard.
In my point of view, mobile phones gain more and more popularity among young people and it's certainly very useful in modern society.
Hello everyone, I'm D and I will show my holiday plan to you.
In the morning I have four things to do.
At half past eight, I get up and then wash my face and rinse my mouth.
At fifteen to nine, I have a healthy breakfast.
From nine o'clock to half past ten, I do my honework carefullyThen, from half past ten to half past eleven, I do exercises in the park.
At noon, I have a delicious lunch.
In the afternoon, I have a little things to do.
From thirteen o'clock to fifteen o'clock, I have computer classes or English classes.
From sixteen o'clock to eighteen o'clock, I read all kinds of books.
And at half past eighteen, I have a little dinner.
At night, I can enjoy myself.
to eight PM.
, I search for information or watch favourite TV progream.
From half past twenty to twenty-one, I pick up things.
And at half past twenty-one, I go to sleep.
The classmates who support it said that the Internet can help us learn more things which we can't learn in class.
And it can also help us broaden ours horizins.
Studying on online can make our communication easily.
Some classmates who against it said get online frequently is bad for our eyes.
It maybe make us to be addicted to the Internet.
At last, I think we should get online correctly.
Some people prefer to get up early in the morning and start the day's work , while others prefer to get up early in the morning until late at night .
Getting up early to study could improve our learning efficiency .
Chinese people have made achievements in national rejuvenation after a long tough journey.
Teenagers play a important role in a country, so teenagers must do sonrthing to develop themselves.
The young generation have duity to make our country more stronger.
Teenagers can do many things to make our countyr proud of them.
For example a 21-year old athlete Ning Zetao has proved this during the 17th Asian Games.
As a young person in our country, we don't need to do something great, we just need to do what we can do for our country.
In dictionaries, listener mean who tends to know others' opinion and to appreciate it.
So it could be a good way to know each other and understand each other.
Also, when you are listening, it means that you want to know his or her advice or opinions and are eager to it.
It can be a sign to show respect to others.
By listening, it will be much easier for parents to chat with and appreciate their children.
good way to eliminate the argument between children and parents.
Also, teachers can know the present situation of the students and can help them solve the problems they faced.
However, it can be difficult for us to listen sometimes.
First, I think we should keep patient while listening, it is rather important, otherwise, you may not be a good listener.
My first Enjlish class was in junior middle school.
Before I had my first English class, I had often seen words.
I also saw persons said English on TV.
What's more, I sometimes heard my classmates said several English words.
So I was eager to get access to English.
Fortunately, my head teacher was an English teacher when I was in junior school.
Though English was difficult for me at first, I was still interested in English.
So I studied hard and never gave up studying it.
I remembered words and grammar continually.
With the help of my teacher, I reaped the benefits.
I got a good grade.
As we well know, life without a friend is death.
I also believe that I am so lucky.
In my life I have some good friends.
We meet each other when we are at middle school.
She is very thin but beautiful .
She is very easy going, likes to talk calssmate after school.
She is very kind and always help others , every one of our class likes her .
Her study very hard , her Chinese and English very well.
Why we can become the best friend.
I think that have some reasons .
Frist, In the middle school, my English was so poor, so she often helped me.
But her maths was not well, I could help her.
For this , we often study together.
Second, all of us like independent, although I am very introvert, but we can get along with each other.
Last, she want to succeed in the future special in the career, but in my mind, I want to over ordinary life.
We can talk anything with each other.
This is my best friend, I wish her in the strange city can live well.
Nowadays, online shopping has become a trend.
No matter who can go shopping on the Internet.
For advantages, we become more and more convenience.
We can compare the prices of various shops.
We can know what is the popular trend at that time quickly.
However, for disadvantages, we are always worried about whether the things' quality are good.
We also afraid that the sellers send the goods later.
If we need that goods eagerly, we also have no mind to get it.
On one word, every cion has two sides.
So we need try our best to aviod the happening of disadvantages.
The Great Wall of China is a Chinese fortification built from the 5th century BC until the beginning of the 17th century, in order to protect the various dynasties from raids by Hunnic, Mongol, Turkic, and other nomadic tribes coming from areas in modern-day Mongolia and Manchuria.
Several walls, also referred to as the Great Wall of China, were built since the 5th century BC, the most famous being the one built between 220 BC and 200 BC by the first Emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang; this wall was located much further north than the current wall built during the Ming Dynasty, and little of it remains.
The Great Wall of China was originally a project of Qin dynasty designed to keep out the nomadic Xiongnu invaders from the north.
Some of the wall was built during the Qin, but most of it that we see today was constructed during the Ming dynasty.
The Great Wall is the world's longest man-made structure, stretching over a formidable 6,352 km (3,948 miles), from Shanhai Pass on the Bohai Sea in the east, at the limit between China proper and Manchuria (Northeast China), to Lop Nur in the southeastern portion of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region .
Along most of its arc, it roughly delineates the border between North China and Inner Mongolia.
Human beings live in the realm of nature.
They are constantly surrounded by it and interact with it.
human conenected with nature by blood ties and we cannot live outside nature.
Associety develops.
in see result while.
we realise soberly also socity of our counture development still exist many difficultties and problems.
for examp.
Serious white pollution.
the decline in air quality.
the increasing greenhouse effect.
and Human beings use fewer resources.
if environmental protection, we can not very good.
In order to save our environment.
but to return to our theme, the biter truth is that those human action which violate the laws of natureWe need to do.
first to reduce the resource utilization rate so that we bater live.
second economic development and protect environment by combining.
third reduce the use of disposable chopsticks and sanitary cup and so on.on the other hand.
There was a time when the owners of shops and businesses in Chicago had to pay large sums of money to gangsters in return for 'protection.
  What they like most about the phone is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people can reach them  said by professor Naomi Baron.
Funny as it is, the world ironically reflect the fact that more people want to be helped by others rather than help any other people .
On the one hand, we do not want to help other people.
It was reported that the girl, four years old, crashed by a truck was died.
But no one helped her with just a glimpse.
On the other hand, if we wanted to go to school with a large of buggage.
You must have b, Iecome upset and sad .
Despite people's wasting money , we must save our money.
Nevertheless, what a crucial thing it is to bring home to people the value of money.
Generally speaking, for the people who lend their support to such experiments, the gaining of first-hand knowledge and information about certain species provides adequate justification fit continuing the killing of animals in laboratories.
It has been a contentious issue whether it is necessary to do physical exercise or not part of every school day.
Some people are of the opinion that students ought to spend the whole shool day on academic studies.
While others point out that physical exercise is indispensable in students' school life.
When it comes to the question that exercise is need or not, I believe it is necessary for the following reasons.
For one thing, young students are getting fatter than any time before.
More laziness, less exercise, cause students overweight, which is a serious problem all over the world.
In addition, overweight may lead to a series of health problems.
If physical exercise can be done part of every school day, it can benefit a lot for students' health.
For another reason, as an old saying goes All work and no play makes a jack a dull boy  .
In order to students' effective studying, and good moods, we should strike a proper balance between work ang break.
Now, after close examination, it is not difficult to draw the conclusion that physical exercise is necessary.
Spring Festival is one of the most important festival in China and is when all family members get together, just like Christmas in the west .
Before Spring Festival, people go back home.
Every household put up couplets and paste all kinds of paper-cut.
During Spring Festival, people get together to make jiaozi.
And it's a happy thing to watch Spring Festival gala.
At 12 o'clock in the evening, there are bright abd colourful fireworks in the sky.
And people don't sleep to ao cai  .
It means people will get much money from then on.
The next day, people dress beautifully to visit ralatives' home.
The elder should give the young a red envelope.
And firecrackers are set off.
Students spend time in the internet bar.
In my opinion, it is a waste of time and energy.
First of all, we can join campus clubs to improve ability of communication.
Secondly, we should make full use of library resources.
When I browse books in the library.
I can feel a different way of thinking which gives me more room to touch the world, my mind will be opened.
In modern society, English is becoming more and more important than before.
Having a good knowledge of English is good for our future.
First, l liking reading some books about English, this can train spoken English.
