Instead, his friend who worked with him was thought to be the bad guy.
In the end, the truth had been find out.
The only good friend of him was so disappointed for him and left him.
Nowadays, the phenomenon that a lot of students in the college copy or download papers from the Internet has aroused wide public concern.
My favourite teacher is Mrs. Zhou .
She is my English teacher in Junior high school .
She's tall and thin She has rich in knowledge .
She is really amusing and interesting .
She always makes us laugh in the lesson .
She's kind and patient , and she explains English grammar so clearly that even I can understand it .
And she never gets angry , even when her students behave badly.
She is very cares about the students and try to be one of us .
So she is not only our teacher , but also our best friend .
Nowadays, a variety of training classes has appeared in the society.
In my opinion, whether participating in training classes or not depends on many factors.
If a student is eager to learn, wishing himself to reach a high level, recommending him to attend a training class to broaden his horizons is my selection.
They are full of willpower to try to get better marks in different kinds of exams by enriching their knowledge.
Nevertheless, even if the students who fail to study hard attend training courses instead of having a rest at home, supposing that they don't pay attention to what the teachers say and aren't able to keep pace with the speed, there is no need to go to the classes.
Parents shouldn't force their children to spend the weekends being absent-minded in the classroom.
It's undoubtedly a waste of time.
Last but not least, training classes isn't possibly good for everyone.
It's suitable only for those who not only want to learn, but want to improve themselves as well.
Nowdady.
There can be no doubt that English is one of the world's most widely used languages.
But Lots of students think it is that because speaking is not important for them.
But this is wrong.
I think the reason from examination is text.
because the text students start to pay attention to the fraction.
And the children of parents value their scores rather than spoken English.
They also do not pay attention to oral English.
The problem is how we can do.
This is a bad atmosphere.
if we need to change the atmosphere that we must to know the importance of speaking.
We forget stundying English the first target.
Then we need to practice speaking everyday and to use English to talk with foreigners.
Last we should promote the importance of oral English to let more people know.
Through this article we recognize the importance of speaking.
In the picture, A boy are talking to his father that he is a bit worried about disposing of nuclear waste, Then his father answered in a firm tone that if he can empty the dustbin here, he can do anything.
As an old saying goes, A house is not, how can sweep the world  .
so, we should be well aware of the importance of small things.
Actually, Doing small things well benefits for great works .
From these small things, we will take anything more seriously than before .
Besides, The basic skills are the foundation of great works.
In my opinion, To achieve our goals, we should do the followings when we are facing small things: First, A careful attitude is needed.
Secondly, It is helpful to be a diligent person.
Lastly but the most importantly, The greatly your goal is, the more skills your skills you should learn.
On one hand , science and technology are useful to human beings .
For example, in daily life , it brings us happy and convenient life; in medical treatment ; it helps us against various of diseases and so on.
On the other hand, it can also result in disaster, such as First World Wars and Second World Wars.
I'm glad to hear that you get on very well with you math teacher, Mr Green.
My favourite teacher is teaching us mathematics.
The teacher is a very enthusiastic woman called Mrs Fu.
My first impression of Mrs fu was that she was strict and friendly.
Mrs Fu's method of teaching is nothing like other teachers.
She thinks that the way to slove the problems is very important.
She often tells us many ways to slove the same mathematical problems.
So I like her very much, and I don't think I'll be bored in her class.
Three days ago, I see a difficult problem, and I didn't know how to slove it.
So I asked to Mrs Fu.
She was very enthusiastic and told me how to slove it.
I was very happy and I like her attitude very much.
She was one of the best math teachers in our school.
    You need to take the rubbish, sweep the fioor, wash the dishes and wash the ciotheres.
When I was a student of Wang Lou Middle School , I was a very shy girl .
  Good morning , Mr. Wang all the classmates answered accepted me .
With the development of the technology, lately years , most college are expanding.
owing to the teaching facilities and accommodation capacities of many colleges are limited, it is unable to meet the demand of an ever-increaing number of the newly enrolled students.
On the other hand, in the long run, hunting for a job will be tougher for the graduates.
For these reasons, we should look for some solution to solve these problem.
First of all, we should establish different standard of higher education, in order that could meet the needs of national economic constrution.
Second, it is a good way to strenghten the teachers and the constrution of infrastructure.
However, intake expansion in unversities the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
As the development of human society, more and more energy are being needed to meet our daily need.
In order to keep our daily life and the development of our industries, we have to carry more energy from nature.
But we have to be faced with the problem that our limited energy is in great shortage.
Some people believe that solve the energy crisis is to save.
Because energy is limited, so the only energy conservation can benefit posterity and development of new energy is very difficulty and need a long time.
Another part of people believe that development of new energy is the best way of solve the energy crisis.
As far as i am concerned, the best way of solve the Energy Problem is both above view.
Not only should we save energy, but also need develop of new energy.
Now, taking a part-time job is more and more popular to the collage students.
A lot of students find a part- time job as a waiter or waitress, shop assistant in they spare time.
It can let the collage students make some pocket money by themselves for their entertainment activities instead of asking for the money from their parents.
It also can reduce the economic pressure of their parents.
Another advantage is that taking a part- time job can let the students gain some experience about work.
Taking a part-time job can be beneficial but everything has the side effects.
There are still some disadvantages of taking a part-time job.
First you need to squeeze your time to take a job, have classes and do your homework.
It will make you very busy and tired.
It is not good to be sleepy during the classes.
Second, taking a part-time job will make you have no time to do some reading or someting that can better yourself.
We students need more time to concentrate on the study.
Devoting all of our spare time to taking a part-time job is not that good.
Brightbase Technology Group (Hong Kong) Co.
We enjoy the good reputation in this .
First of all, good parents are democratic.
In the past people have a tough life.
The most basic food and clothing are a problem to them.
Many people have to starve to death.
But now, people have a comfortable and happy life.
Many delicious food they can choose to eat, many beautiful clothes they can choose to wear.
In the past, there are a few entertainment.
evening.
Later, television took over.
Of course, most families had just one set.
Today, television and computers bring a dizzying array of entertainment into the home.
They can sing a song in KTV and dance on the ballroom.
Frankenstein is a film which was directed by James Whale.
Frankenstein is the name of a clever scientist.
While studying at university, he discovers the secret of how to create life.
Then he starts to try.
After his hard work, he creates a creature that resembles a human being.
There are many scars on his face.
And because of this, he terrifies everyone who sees it.
He is kind but he does not have any friends.
He feels very lonely and unhappy.
Then he asks Frankenstein to create a beautiful woman for him, but Frankenstein refuses.
The creature is very angry, so he murders Frankenstein's brother, Frankenstein's best friend and finally, Frankenstein's new wife Elizabeth.
Frankenstein chases the creature to the Arctic in order to kill him, but he dies there.
It is a good film.
In all traditional Chinese art forms, calligraphy should be the most familiar things for us.
We began to learn to write Chinese characters at an early age.
Chinese calligraphy is an ancient Chinese handwriting art.
Because of Chinese characters, Chinese calligraphy is different from other kinds of calligraphy.
In the germination period of calligraphy, there were Oracle, Jinwen, Dazhuan and Xiaozhuan .
Then, there are Lishu, Caoshu, Kaishu, Xingshu and so on.
Another well-known art form is paper-cut.
It has a history of more than two thousand years.
Paper-cut originated in the north, because the weather in the north is dry, so the paper is easy to save.
In ancient times, people use paper-cut to worshiping ancestors or blessing.
Later, paper-cut also appeared in the Spring Festival or wedding occasions.
Traditional Chinese medicine is also famous in the world.
The efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine is slower than western medicine.
Traditional Chinese art has diverse forms.
Those are all our the crystallization of the wisdom of the laboring people.
Traditional Chinese art is a great creation.
It is irreplaceable.
This movie mainly tells us about a woman who has memory problem, so she will forget things in a short time.
But she is a teacher, so the problem made her get into trouble.
Though the picture, we can see a father asked his daughter how her school life today.
Unlike when she was a child, she didn't say a lot with his father face to face.
In modern society, people accustomed to using the Internent to communicate with othersand reduced the amount of time to communicate with people face to face.
The Internet on Interpersonal Communication has the advantage and disadvantage .
Advantage is it to break the bondage of the space and people's communication more convenient.
People can know more imformations for their firends through the Internent.
Of couse , they can make more friends to share their daily life .
But Internet reduce the time to communicate with people face to face .
Three days paid-holidays is given to works for the Labor Day, but there is a strong call for the return of the one-week holiday as before.
In my point of view, I prefer the second one.
If considering things carefully before doing it, then we will find that lots of things are unworthy.
By this way, we could calculate how much we have wasted.
There is a leisure time in what I can do in my national holiday.
When you observe the planet from your flying saucer, you will find it beautiful and full of vigor.
However, the Earth is not as healthy as it looks like.
First, I want to raise the problem of pollution.
With the growing development of science and technology, our people have enjoyed the convenience, but our planet has suffered a lot from the serious pollution.
Nowadays, we can drive or take a plane to wherever we want to go.
We can use high-tech electronic appliances to complete whatever we want to do.
To fulfill our demands, the cars are polluting the air, the industry is polluting the water, the great amounts of trees are being cut down and the severe problems of land-desertification.
The second problem is population.
The more people are born, the more resources are consumed.
Now, there are more than 6 billion people living on the planet.
And the population is growing at a high speed.
In the near future, our planet will be overweighed.
Finally, the number of endangered animals is reducing.
Without a suitable environment, rare animals would hardly survive.
As far as I'm concerned, the main reason for these problems is human being.
People wanted to get huge profits from the mother Earth primarily.
On the reverse, we get disasters.
What's your opinion, my dear E.
Somebody think students should get online.
The reasons are as follows.
First, students can get knowledge and broaden our minds online, so we will spend more time on study.
We also communicate with our friends and share our knowledge with them.
It is good for our study.
What is more, students sometimes amuse themselves.
The reasons are forceful, but different people have different opiniions.
The others think students should not get online.
First, they think the working screen is harmful to students' syes.
Besides, many students lose themselves in chatting and computer games.
It waste their time and mind.
In my opinion, students should use the Internet in a right way.
Students should study hard on the Internet and avoid losing themselves online.
Nowadays not a few students take no count of the English spell.
It is appearing this phenomenon I think it is because students feel dictation words very boring and difficult.
However they hate it.
In my opinion, in order to address this problem, the teachers should allow students to practice, get students to write some essay, diaries, and so on.
To let students knows the importance of spelling, spelling also remember when they consciously remember the words.
If we see money in its ture colors, however, it is nothing but some paper that we use to buy something, but we can not buy everything with that.
This is my internship place , which is located in south of Taiyuan.
This squadron is the best squadron of my hometown , which has the best equipments and most experience , at the same time , they take the most danyerious and difficult missions.
I spend three weeks here and make a lot of friends.
I find that this is a really dangerious job .
We must stay concentrate in fire , or we may be in dangerious .
After my internship , I know that I still have a lot of things to learn .
We have pleasure in informing you that shipment of the goods under Sales Confirmation NO.
J-29 has been made on board S/S Pearl  .
About the system by CFR transactions.
However, people's leisure lives are continually eroded also because of ubiquity of modern technological tools(e.
computers with Internet access and telecommunications equipment).
It is noteworthy that people now take fewer and shorter vacations following the increase in the number of technology-based activities.
Meanwhile, people now have to engage in doing more everyday actions than ever before, such as shopping, food ordering, and so on.
As outlined above, people's growing obsession with the Internet use, such as online shopping or banking, has both immediate and long-term impacts on health, social involvement, lifestyles and emotional well-being.
There, is, many, funny, place, in, out.
school.
for, example, the, football, playground, the, classroom, the, experiment, room, but.my, favorite, place, is, school, read, room, our, school's, reading, room, is, very, big, and, it, is.
in, the, center, of, the, school, classroom, is, very, lick, there, is, a, beautiful, garden, in, front, of, it, and, bright, after, class, you, can, go, inside, and.
pick, out, one, of, your, favourite, book, to, read.
Hello, my name is X.
I'm studying in P Polytechnic Institute.
To stop global warming we should make immediate and continual efforts right now.
Then, changing our habir in ourdailylife.
We should use more clean energy and less coal and oil.
In addition to, use the public transport or ride your bicycle instead of driving private cars if possible when we travel somewhere.
As l'm concerned, if we don't take any measures, global warming will further damage to our life.
When I look at the title, I think of Thomas Alva Edison immediately.
When he was young, he had taken only the three months of primary school.
But he liked considering problems deeply and his mather taught him of much knowledge.
When he was growing, his curiosity made him keep on thinking unknown problems.
In addition, hard-working and Good mental state made his inventions more smoothly.
As Thomas Alva Edison reputedly said, genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Chinese learning style is different from western learning style.
Chinese learning style emphasize bazheshoujiao--  teaching by holding his hand  .
When an adult watch child drop key through a slot into a box clumsily and uncertainly.
The adult guided him with extreme facility and gentleness in precisely the desired direction.
As a coin has two aspects, Chinese learning style has advantages and disadvantages.
He may well get frustrated and angry --certainly not a desirable outcome.
He will be happy, he will learn how to accomplish the task sooner, then he can proceed to more complex activities, like opening the door or asking for the key--both of which accomplishments can in due course be modeled for him as well.
On the other hand, young Chinese being almost inseparable from the tradition, but over time, possibly evolving to a point equally original.
In my opinion, there is enormous creativity to be found in Chinese scientific, technological and artistic innovations past and present.
When any innovation is examined closely, its reliance on previous achievements is all too apparent.
I'm L.
That was really a wonderful experience and I had a good time.
Above all, our school will hold a learning camp recently.
Our learning camp will be very exciting.
And we wll show you around our city, learn about the family life in china and do some other interesting activities.
Except that , if you will come, I will take you to some other beautiful places in Tianjin, and eat some delicious food.
Only a little people stand on different side.
In my opinion, there is famous saying, every coin has two sides.
The oral test will let students to waste much time in preparing test, but also is a great motive power to learn oral English well.
How time flies since I have arrived at Chongqing University .
I have been stuying here for nearly a month.
I always go to the school libtrary .
Now reading has become my another hobby .
I have learned from many people by reading about their ideas on scithee, politics, life and society.
recently i feel like reading peots, especially the poets of haizi, they make me feel calm , although sometimes make me feel dispair and blue.
I am also interested in logic books , while in fact , i don not always understand what the authers say in the book .
In my mind , we university studengts should read more books to expand our knoeledge.
for example , we can read books on history, from them we can get veluable experience that we can not get from reality .
As we all know, with the increase of college students, college students quality can not be guaranteed.
Because of the lack of certain management, some people become lack of discipline.
College students away from their duty, become decadent.
Such as stay up late, consumption, addicted to the game.
This will not only abandoned their studies, but aslo lost their will, to some extent destory their bodies.
The climate in Tianjin is fine and fit for living.
Our class is a big family.
Students are willing to help others.
Their fluency in English guarantees you to communicate with each other smoothly.
I'm convinced that you will get accustomed to our school life easily.
And it's only through the meaningthat's expressed by thetechnique, that something really becomes a work of art.
First of all, the film is the image, it's not limited stay paint artist limited by the color, the brush and so on.
You just needan understanding of culture and human history.
He talks about how we can hold up a mirror to nature.
That's all you really need.
We think in the futurepeople can be looking backand it's a mythif you think of it what's calledthe aspects of eternity, certain aspects of eternity.
Past isn't something to be glamorizedto be the nostalgic about, sentimental about, because the past is gone.
There are four circles with different images on the surface.
Different circles are used for different purposes.
For instance, if I miss a message , one of the circles will light till I find it, which is true of other situations.
So it is quite convenient for me to check my missed calls and messages.
As we know, the Internent not only is more and more popular in the world but also one is biggest source of information in the world.
But, many perant thinks school stady is more important than on internat.
I agreet with it, too.
From their point of in class , it will improce your explain quickly.
help them immediately and keep student's friendship more friendly to each other .
Besides about 70%studens often use the computer to play computer games.
Various clubs and communicates welcome any students.
We can do many things in college.
Indeed, taking part in social practice does a lot of good to us.
To begin with, by taking part in social practice, we can apply our knowledge and skills acquried in college to practice.
By doing that, we are given the opportitunity to see if we have a good command of the knowledge.
What is more, we can also gain experience from social pratice.
When an opportunity comes, it brings promise for success.
on behalf of the company and all its employees, we intend this letter as a token of our appreciation for your hard work and beautiful tour guiding for us.
To achieve ameaningful college life .
Nice to meet you, my dear Miss X.
My name is Y, and my English name is Circle.
I know circle means round in Chinese.
My English name was called Circle because I have round eyes, round nose, round face and round shoulder.
I am from Z but I am lived in P for many years.
I have a big family, included my father, my mother, my brother, my sister and me.
When I am free, I often listen to the music like HK pop music, the rock music is also one of my favourite kinds.
Besides, I like singing.
I often go to KTV with my good friends.
In my opinion, the best place to sing is the bathroom.
I like singing but I don't want to be a singer.
The singer must suffer a lot, but I like the freedom.
So I want to be a business woman in the future.
It can go anywhere on business.
The a boom of tourism can contribute to the prosperity of the local economy.
With the remarkable improvement of people's living standard, people begin to attach great importance to entertainment.
Therefore, the development of tourism is the inevitable result of social development and a symbol of society progress.
On the other hand, however, the number of tourists increase quickly, the cultural and historic sites and valuable natural resources are confront with more and more severe damage.
To keep pace with the world economy, we must take advantage of resources to develop our economy.
From another perspective, we should interest in the long run, and take effective measures to make sure the health the development of economy and environment.
There are a great number of after-school activities in my school.
I take part in many of them such as community activities, sports activities and English movie activities.
Taking part in community activities makes me more confident.
Doing more sports is good for my health.
Watching English movie can not only help me improve spoken English but also make me feel relaxed .
What's more, I take part in art activities.
Choosing right activities is really important if you want to take part in them.
In a word, after-school activities are very useful for us.
As far as I am concerned, it is good for us to take a part-time job.
First of all, we can balance to our life.
As college students the study is not all for us.
And taking a part-time job can make up our boring life.
In addition, a part-time job can broaden our experience, we have opportunities to meet a variety of people and problems.
Thus, it helps us to develop our independence.
Sun shuwei, a man who came from Guangdong, was a 14 years old boy joined in diving.
Sun shuwei was so fond of diving that he joined the Guangdong Diving Team at the age of 8.
It's because he loved diving so he was worked hard in school, what'more, he was being carefull and serious when he trained in the team.
Thanks to his hard working, when his was 13, he took part in the National Team to accept the better training.
There is a general debate on the campus today over the phenomenon of college students' doing a part-time job.
Those who object to it argue that students should not spend their precious time in this way.
However, for people to think, to do some work related to the professional, can improve students' study can not get a lot of experience.
It is ordinary to communicate with others in our daily life, so expressing ourselves is a necessary skill.
In my opinion, at first If you want to be understood well you should make your language fluently and briefly, for which can be understood easily.
Then when you speak to others, you should look at his eyes and make sure he has known what you want to express by your eyes.
The next, if you want to express something more real.
You could make some gesture while you describe them.
Above all, you must speak with emotion, which could help you to attract their attention.
All in all, it was an essential to skill to make a good expression.
In my childhood, I often think my father and mother didn't love me.
Because they usually hit me.
More than once a day.
However, I know they love me.
The more hit, and the more love.
While I am a child, I usually went to play with my young partener without fishing homework.
Certenly, they were very angry.
They usually hit me use their shoes.
Only if they educate me use a not perfect mean.
But, they are love me, and the more hit, and the more love.
Kate and chris white-hired, but deeply konw the meaning of love.
stolling around the big porches and lowns , always hold hand .
More, bedtime also followed a ritual.
Because chris always help kate from chair to the bad and tuck the covers in around her frail body .chris also reach up and turn off the light above kate's bed .
then tenderly he would bend , and they would kiss gentlely .chris would pat her cheek, and both smild.
While , chris died in a moring because of a heart attack.
I happend so quickly that kate like lose her all world .
She dropped herself in sadness and can't go to sleep every night until I kiss her wrinkled every night .
Self-confidence, is one of the most important quality in our life beyond debate, as well as hard to cultivate.
And most of the people confused self-confidence and overconfidence.
Besides, you can keep the style if you are confidence.
For self-contempt, inferiority of the people let such an opportunity slip.
So, how to make self-contempt turn to self-confidence.
  On the other hand, they can do what they are good at, just like they are in their element.
But not beyond their ability.
For overconfidence, they can see the every opportunity, but they hardly seize the opportunity.
So, how to make overconfidence turn to confidence.
  For another thing, they should know their ability and the ability who will fight a battle with them by anticipation.
Last but not least, confidence will not always be by your side.
Confidence just like a wilful child, and small success just like a toy.
He was attracted by the toy.
In conclusion, confidence can stimulate you to make greater efforts, and to obtain bigger success.
So I have to come back home to visit her.
Here are the telex which receive from my brother to prove that.
Please approve my leave.
J-29 items have been shipped S.
S ''PEARL and will be made a partial shipment S.
Recently, should the government establish free libraries in each town has been brought into focus.
Some people think that the government should do it.
Others, however, believe that it is a waste of money since the publican use the Internet at home to obtain information.
I have two reasons for my opinion.
And fewer and fewer people go to the library to read a book.
The government can use the money to build more schools and hospitals.
From what has been discussed about, we may draw a conclusion that we don't need to build libraries in each town.
What we need now is schools and hospitals.
When I meet the difficulties, my friends will help me.
The friendship here is like the love, and my life is filled by this.
With the help of them, I think nothing can tRouble me.
In addition, I help my friends in trouble as well.
All in all, love is from each other.
Every year thousands of people in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
Why should the civil service exam.
First the civil servants work stability .
and work time has rules , no overtime too much.
Second, the civil service salary levels are currently at the middle level in our country .
And the intensity of labor is not too high.
Big percentage of students feel nervous during their important exams.
I said, I think I cannot adapt to the new environment so that I felt tired and I always wanted to go back to the past.
  Because I was used to having lessons with my previous friends.
  Very tired.
Nowadays, with the fierce competition in study, a lot of students suffer from great mental pressure.
We will organize some activities, such as the lectures, performances and so on.
If you interested in it, you can join in us.
Because of the studying, we all have more or less pressure.
Charles Dickens who was famous for novel 's writer was born at Portsea.
His father was arrested for debt and set to prison and his family was very poor.
When he was a young boy, he was experienced a lot of incredible events that help to write many works filled with profound emotion.
During Charles worked in a lawyer's office, he published his first work and gradually succeed to his later works.
Owing to hard working, his health was becoming fail.
Now, people have to face many problems in cities having so much more violence and people don't know how to the much better deal with the situation.
People understood that they should control their indeed.
What's more, the government paid attention to this problem and was taking measures to nudge people gently in the right direction and the situation were being solved by the government.
It's said that If one person have confidence, nothing can't prevent he from finishing every thing what he determined.
In fact, so it is.
So as a university student, we should more pay attention to construct confidences.
The first one , try our best study knowledge to full of us is essential, you have plentiful knowledge, can have more opportunities of emerge ourselves.
The second , we must take exercise our courage and talent for speaking, express ourselves easier get confidence.
The last one, make good friends with others, the one hand, we can have chat with friends we usually say have more friends have more way.
Rabbit is an cute kind of amimals.
It has two long ears.
They can make rabbits hear carefully.
It also has a short tail.
They make rabbits so lovely.
Rabbits likes carrots.
If you are lonely.
You can keep a rabbit.
It is furry, soft and white with two red eyes glaring above the chin.
Its ears are straight and long and they can turn and move slightly.
The reason was that I wanted to put on my favourite clothes with yellow hat and a pair of blue shoes.
I also have cut my hair with a new style.
I thought it was fashionable and suited me.
However, my parents disagree with me.
They though I should wear the clothes which should fit me because I was also a student at present.
But I still deny their idea, because I am adult at now and I have my own view to my own life.
Every country search for fast way to boost thier economy.
And this year, my school will hold a summer camp too.
We have many interesting activities.
I'll be your best guide.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some students think it is good for us.
In their opinion, we can get more knowledge through the Internet and we can broaden our minds.
Besides, some special experiences that we have can be shared with our friends at once.
Communication is becoming more and more easy.
However, a part of students think going online frequently is bad.
First, spending too much surfing the Internet does harm to oue eyes.
We will stay up to chat and play computer games if parents do not noticed us.
In my opinion, although sometimes getting online is not good for us, it makes a difference to our life.
My name is U.
I'm an American which is living in New York.
Last week, I went to Beijing to have a trip.
I went there by plane November 3.
At 4 o'clock, I arrived in Beijing.
I stayed there for four days.
It's so beatiful and majestic that I was very surprise.
The next day I went to the Forbidden City.
It's the place where the emperors lived.
It's very large and beatiful.
I think the emperors that lived there must be very happy.
On the third day, I went to the Bird's Nest Stadium and the Water Cube.
I have only seen them on TV.
When I walked close, I was shocked by the beauty of it and I took many photos of it.
Aim at this problem, we have two parts of attitudes on it.
Of course you can say yes or no .
As we all know that we should compare with others then found the shortage of ourselves, by the way, correct it.
Though there are so many cases about compason, and the influence is not always good.
we ought to comparehend the proverb of chinese  Two heads are always better then one  , it said that through comparing we find the shortcoming of ourselves then put we right, and we can also follow the example of others' good behavour .
It was a good day in my holiday.
I went shopping with my friend under sunlight.
When we felt little tire, we went to a noshery for took a rest.
When we took the meal, we talking about somethings funny.
Finshining the meal, we went out.
At the moment, I forgot my wallet which was in the noshery.
We were on our way to a stationer.
I wanted to take out my wallet in advence.
I was so worried when I couldn't find it in my bag.
I decided to return the noshery as soon as possble.
Suddently, I heared someone shouting.
I turned round curiousty.
I was suprised when I saw the people who was the waiter in the noshery.
He gave me my wallet.
I was so move that I couldn't say anything grateful.
He could get my wallet and wiped out the money, but he not.
I am a student, my neighbor loves listening to music very much.
He always listens whole day, even in the evening.
The music was noisy.
When I did my homework, the music made me careless.
And I couldn't do homework seriously.
I was not happy.
So I decided to talk with my neighbor:  Hello, I'm your neighbor.
I know you love music very much.
But can you think of others.
You can turn down the music.
It won't disturb anyone.
  My neighbor thought for a moment, and said:  Yes, you are right.
It is my mistake.
I promise turn down the music.
It is universally acknowledged that everyone needs a house .
From my perspective, this phenomenon exists for such a number of reasons.
First, with the popullationof China increasing, the demand of the house increase following the population.
Second, the lifetime of a house is really short, never could we live in one house through our lifetime.
From what can be seen above, the housing problem is closely connected with us and thus worth our attention.
Not only has online shopping become a very popular way of shopping, but also those people who don't like going out to go shopping like it.
An important aspect of learning stale, is more attracted more and more researchers and educators interested.
First, chinese learning can be in the study period with all aspects of knowledge.
Second, chinese learning can cultivate students hard quality and willpower.
Third, chinese learning can maximize the use of resources, the fewer teachers to education for all.
But chinese learning style has drawbacks.
In my opinion.
In general chinese learning more examination, rather than reality.
So with the society linked content is often limited and many people into the society needs to learn from scratch.
While the western focus on practical cannot ensure that everyone can well into society.
The Spring Festival is at the end of the winter.
During the Spring Festival, to begin with, people visit friends and the relatives.
After that, they get together to eat foods .
Dumplings are the most traditional food.
Afer dinner, people watch TV or chat with each other.
Then, the parents and children light firecracker at the 12 o'clock.
The whole sky is lighted and they enjoy the beautiful fireworks.
With time going by, the pace of technological development has increased beyond our wildest expectations.
, more and more social networks appear.
But others think the social networks are good for us.
On the one hand, we can chat in networks, get some useful imformations, go shopping, and so on.
As we all know, coin has two sides, so we should look on this question objectively.
As for as I am concerned, the social networks can make our life full of colors.
Sometimes, we can chat or find some imformations in the social networks to improve our English.
The text is comming.
My roomate is a football fan.
He likes watching football games.
That day, he was watching football games on the Internet.
He was very excited and cheered players of his favourite team when he was watching the game.
I was going over my lessons that night.
But his sound and the sound of the game was too big.
I couldn't look my book carefully so I was very ungry.
I told him that turned down the sound.
He was very sorry.
He turned it down and said sorry to me.
So I could go over my lessons and he could enjoy himself.
Liu Xiang has returned as a king and got the champion of national sports meeting in 2009, October.
To do this , we must establish a firm faith in our actions and be ready to devote ourselves to them .
I grew up in under the umbrella of the family, ideas and people the work is not enough mature, so I want to study at a university, because only grow to become first.
With the development of science and technology and the improvement of people's living standards, computers have become an indispensable part of people's lives.
In universities, almost every student now has one computer in the dormitory, and most of them rely more things on computers such as their dissertations, homework, reports.
It becomes a problem we have to pay attention to that the students rely too much on computers.
Many teachers may find that the different students write the identical dissertations.
In my view, as one of the necessary tools of students' learning, computers can help students obtain easy access to the new trends of academic development of certain subjects.
As the resources of network education are bountiful, computers are help for students to broaden their vision and enrich their knowledge.
Many now may argue that students should not be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.
  notes Dr.
Indeed, if necessary the school could fire the incompetent teachers.
Besides, it is useful for those students going to take the course to publish student's evaluation results.
Mr.
wang teach me computer.
I feel it's necessary and interesting.
Fortunately, my school will hold a similar activity now.
So let me introduce it to you.
We can go to Tianjin Zoo.
Last weekends I helped my mom to make too much chores, but I still felt happy.
First, Icooked breaketfast, after the breaketfast I did the dishes andsweep the floor.
then Iwashed the clothes and help my sister make the bed.
Next I cleaned the living roomand water the flowers.
Finally I washed the clothes and took out the rubbish.
I didn'twatch TV until 13:00.
For a long time, I have thought of my perfect husband.
We call it our Mr.
Right.
From this, we can see that the perfect man must suit with us and we should get along well.
As a result, there are some qualities that my Mr.
It is important that my husband must be tall and good-building at the same time too slim or too fat are both disgusting me.
Also, he shouldn't only have a physical perfect quality.
The more important thing is that he must be smart, smarter than me.
He must have a good taste for fashion, appreciation, music, building etc.
Many girls don't like their husbands talking too much on daily life.
They like men who have in tensions inside.
That is something I want to add.
My perfect husband must be handsome enough for I really can not stand seeing such an ugly man when I open my eyes every morning.
Also, he had better be able to play the guitar or piano or something.
Then he can sing good songs for me.
One year is divided into four seasons, which give us different feelings.
As we all know winter is much coldest in years.
So when facing the winter, the different person has different attitudes to it.
On the contrary, as for me, I am looking forward to seeing the coming winter.
My favourite season is winter, because I maybe see the snow, which can make me excited very much.
And until now, I have studied at college in Luoyang for tow months where you can see ancient and modern building next to each other.
But what is the most important is that the snow in Luoyang should be very beautiful and the winter is coming.
Before winter comes, we can see that the leaves turn brown and then fall down.
In our lives, some person also uses  winter to stand for difficulties  .
So before winter comes, we are supposed to make preparations for everything to keep us in cold weather.
By all means, when we meet our lives' winter, we should not stop walking.
With economic booming, digital product is playing a more and more indispensable role in the present society.
Let's take the MP5 player as an example.
MP5 player is an advanced multi-media technology with hardware and software working together.
I own a square white one.
It is made of aluminium alloy so that it is light enough.
It is also small as well.
It also has some buttons on the side, which suggests its function.
It contains high capacity with relatively low power.
We can refer to it if we intend to see a movie, listen to the music or English.
The MP5 player can transfer the network one to the handheld one, which has brought real benefits to consumers.
this morning all plane will put off because of the big fog .
please take good care of yourself and yourbig .
there are no way but to wait .
please be patient and don't leave the restroom .
if the big fog clean up .
we will tell everyone faster .
at our dining hall .
the lunch is free .
the rest of passagers could go there to eat lunch the dining hall on the second floor.
we the weather turns favorable.our plane will take off.
With the development of Information Technology, a plenty of students prefer to depend on computer rather than write to communicate with their friends.
Some reasons can account for this phenomenon.
First, students spend more time in practicing the pronunciation of words.
Second, a lot of students think learn English just should remember the mean of words, there is no necessary to remember the spelling of words.
We must look for a means to resolve the phenomenon, because the present situation of eliding the spelling, if permitted to continue, will surely lead to wrong spelling.
In order to solve the problem we should pay attention to the form of word, then, remember the spelling.
As the technology and economic develops rapidly, internet has been an essential part for us people in modern society .
What's more, internet has a large amount of books for us to choose .
Mrs Susan Hobson is my secretary .
She has worked for two years.
On working time, she is really effective , hardworking, honest and careful .
She is only uses a heart do her work.
In my eyes, she is really a excellent secretary .
In addition, she grasps English and genmas well and also translate for me .
In my dreams we will have a leisure life in our college life, no sever teachers and heavy homework's, what we should do is just enjoy.
We can do what we like to do, play computer games, take exercise and so on.
However, my real college life is not that easy.
First of all, we also have many classes to take and homework's are much harder than before, mathematics is very hard to master.
Second, Altough we have a lot of leisure times, but the mantel pressure is huge.
We have to work hard in order to have a better future.
In my opinions, first, we should have plans, perhaps make a plan for every day, every year even the whole college life; Second, we need to be strict with ourselves.
Cell phones have become increasingly popular in China nowadays, especially among the youth.
However, there are some pros and cons toward the cell phones.
As for pros, cell phones have brought people a lot of benefits.
On the one hand, the most important benefit of cell phones is that it is very convenient.
People can keep in touch with their family, or friends, or anybody they want and miss at every time.
People also can make a reservation in advance through the cell phones.
On the other hand, cell phones are good for the study.
If the students have trouble in their studies, but their teacher can not give an answer at once, they can get some information from the Internet by the cell phones.
However, every coin has two sides, while we are discussing the merits of cell phones, we can not forget its demerits.
The most serious is the electric wave radiation which is thought to be harmful to users' brains.
It can make users' thinking slowness and forgetfulness.
Another problem is that when students are having a class, the ring of the cell phone may interrupt others.
What is said above is the pros and cons of cell phones.
We smiled and walked under the setting sun, and we crossed a bridge every day.
He was very surprised at start.
So I put down the bag back to the classroom.
I love life very much.
We have a saying in China is that man and women don't touch each other when passing or receiving.
Here I have something to say, University is a place to study is not for talk love place.
Volunteering means being willing to help people in need and make contributions to society for financial rewards.
There is no doubt that volunteering promote the social life better and volunteers also benefited a lot.
In all aspects of people's life, volunteering deliver many convenience to people.
For example, during the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, there are a lot of volunteers as a translator for foreigners tourists and show them the way.
In addition, volunteering not only make our city become more orderliness but also make people's life become more comfortable.
The last but not least, volunteering is a good opportunity for volunteers to exercise themselves.
This is especially useful for student volunteers.
For instance, student volunteers will enhance endurance and practise interpersonal communication when they help strangers, and they can apply their knowledge from textbook to the practice.
In a word, volunteering is really a good beheviour.
In conclusion, I can't deny that multimedia and technology bring many advantages to our life .
However, many people swarm into sites of historical interest during peak travel seasons, this produce many serious problems, for example, environmental pollution.
Resently.
More and more student not attention to spelling in study English.
Besause they think that it's not important.
so that their spelling very bad.
First.
They aren't like study English.
and teacher not requre spelling.
maybe isn't good education.
They living in poor hometown.
Besause of haven't money .
They can't buy pen and paper.
so they spelling are less impressive.
But above all.
Teachers aren't strict with students.
they only attach importance to reading and speaking.
Therefore.
student's spelling become more and more bad.
Fanaily.
they ignore English spelling.
In order to chang this condition.
Think highly of English spelling.
However teachers should request students to enhance take exercise spelling.
So that improve their score.
Let they have marketer beautiful handwriting.
And let the students know that attaches great importance to the spelling of English is very important to us.
My name is X, and my English name is Cooky.
I am from Y but I live in Jieyang, a countryside in developing, which is my second hometown.
Our family has been living there for twenty years that make me no communication with my grandparents.
I go to visit them only in the Spring Festival or Mid-Autumn Day which repented for eating together.
They love the land but they sometimes feel lonely.
We call them frequently.
I love reading especially I read Crazy Reading  in English and in Chinese.
I like sports.
My favorite sport is playing badminton.
We can play together without border.
My dream job is to be a learner.
As an old saying, It is never too old to learn.
My biggest dream is making my family to live better.
I expect from college to study my major fundamentally and to improve it step by step.
I want to make more friends who will help you friendly.
As we can see, the picture above is a vivid discription of a phenomenon that when a bottle breaks down, one people think it has different meanings and another thinks it is too bad.
In our life, we often hear people say, life is hard  , while I think the key to settling down all hard thing is to be optimistic.
Of course , sometimes hard things frustrate us and beat us.
But we should believe it will pass quickly.
So keep optimistic is important.
Once his optimistism rests on him very soon, and he will be active to work again.
  life likes a chocolate, you will gain happiness after eating it  .
In our life , we have different problems.
My parents think if I use the computer, I must be playing games, I do not agree .
Dear Tom, as one of my best foreign friends, first of all welcome you to visit my campus.
Now, I am glad to introduce my campus to you.
My campus- name is Anhui Wonder University Of Information Engingeering .
First of all, here I will introduce a good place to you, whose name is ZiPeng Mountain.
It located in the west of my campus and it is not far away from my campus.
There are many temples, trees, and flowers.
When you stand at the top of it, you will see the whole city.
Secondly, I think the most interesting place is library.
As we all know, knowledge is the power and can create prefect people.
So I am determined to take you to visit the library.
English is very important .
We should study it because it is a language.
We can use it to talk with foreign friends.
I like English very much, because it is very interesting .
Now, our country in to the world .
knowledge by studying English.
We can red foreign novels by English, such as Harry Pottery.
When the sale was agreed, we expressly stated that No.
J-29 Sale Confirmation's goods would be shipped by s.
We can make a partial shipment in Hongkong by s.
As we can see the picture, a boy is learning the subjects of Beijing university on the internet.
He seems to enjoy this way of online learning.
With the development of the social progress of science and technology, many people choose the way that working on internet including studying.
On the internet, we could pay attention to the news of the world, learning popular language, and studying subjects at home.
It is very convenient for us to studying well and solving something we don't understand.
But isn't that all the education we really need.
I am sure listening to the teachers in the classroom than in online learning harvest more because we can have communication and interaction with the teachers.
Although it is trendy and convenience of online learning, something we don't studying and something we couldn't harvest.
With the development of industry, the earth is becoming warmer and warmer.
Obviously, our human beings play an important role in it_we are facing the problem of energy crisis, so we have destroyed the plants, which could absorb the carbon.
We can always remember a time when deep blue sky, the song of the birds, sunshine, and mild climate.
There was a time two years ago, I happened to be upstairs when the window was open.
About three o'clock in the afternoon, the sky become gray and the wind was wildly.
After one minute, the sand duststorm happened.
I was entirely hold by its power.
We surely have to do something to protect the environment.
First, we must build up the confidence.
Only we all willing to make effects to stop the global warming can we be the winner.
Second, our government should realize the seriousness of the problem and come up with some measures to deal with it.
First of all, the authorities should adopt the policy of constantly development and take laws comcerning environmental protection.
More fall of comfort the old man who siad he has health care no matter, let a person to leave.
At the process of my growing up, it happened a lot of things.
Some things were happy, some things were sad and some were surprised.
When I studied in highschool, I had no interest in math and the math teacher never teach us how to solve the problems, so I never get a high grade in exam.
Many teachers paid more attention to the students who had a good grade.
The second term, I was selected in another class, the math teacher was full of patience, once we had questions, she helped us to solve them timely, what's more, she told us many other methods.
She always encouraged us to cooperate and invited us to her office to know our study.
Not only she was my teacher, but she was my friend.
But I think traditional reading is much better than online reading.
It can protect our eyes.
For instance, traditional books are not easily portable so it is inconvenient for people to carry more once they need and they are vulnerable to water and fire.
But I like the feeling of move paper.
In conclusion, public libraries has been playing[t3] a vital role in our lives for such a long time.
On the other hand, to evaluate teachers' ability, can cause influence about teachers interact with students .
In recent years, the excessive use of packages has become quite a serious problem in China.
It is conceivable that the excessive packing has mainly arisen from the two following factors.
For one thing, people in mounting numbers are inclined to send a variety of gifts to their relatives and friends, especially during the holidays, and decorated gift sometimes are a symbol of good taste.
I think, the government should also put restrictions on the excessive packaging.
A majority of think that they can access information and knowledge via the Internet easily .
In their views, there are three contributing a to this attitude as following: Firstly, surfing on the Internet can broaden our minds so that we have access to get more knowledge quickly and easily.
Furthermore, we also can chat with friends and share the experience which we have gotten in order to improve ourselves together at the same time.
People, however, differ in their opinions on this matter.
In their point of views, they against to get online frequently.
On one hand, using the Internet for too long does bad to our eyes.
Whats more, some of the students would be accdict to the computer games.
And as a result, they can't concentrate on their lessons because of it.
As far as am concerned, I think so shouldn't use the Internet so much because we can't concrol ourselves easily.
I am L, I am come from China.
And i will study in London.
My require is not very especially.
I just need the house of the downtown, and then, i think it must be a nice traffic.
Because i need go to school everyday.
Because i am a student for study English, so i hope my host can speak fluency English, if not, i am afraid we can not communication to each other.
By the way, i have a little demand, The best you can help me to wash my clothes, if you can, i hope that is free.
But i can cook meal myself, so never mind my what to eat.
By all means, if you not dislike Chinese food, we can have meal together.
Above information are my ask to find a house, i think established will appear a pertty man to adopt me.
Increasingly competitive in modern society that makes young persons have so much pressure in searching jobs.
Secondly, if high-level employees retire at the age of 55, this can give some pressure to the young employees and accelerate the development of themselves.
In many company, young employees just do some low-tech or less crucial tasks, because of there are many high-level employees who are older.
Thirdly, these high-level employees who are older, worked very hard when they were young, or they could not achieve today's level.
So, lot of them, did extremely little for their family.
Now, they become older and their children may have children too.
There should be some persons to look after for these babies.
Moreover, its chief functions, namely to deter potential crimes and to afford justice to those who mourn over the deceased as compensation, however, are not act their jobs well .
Because death penalty is no more than an expedient solution that rarely solves long-term problems.
We are all human and we all undergo the life for the first time hence we are all destined to make mistakes.
Environmental problems are going worse all aorund the world.
Nowadays, the population is increasing so sharply that natural resources are overdeveloped to support it.
Because of that, a negative effect is taken place on the environment.
Moreover, many people don't have access to safe water for lack of water resources.
In my opinions, to solve these problems, effective measures should be taken as follow: For a start, we should slow down the speed of the rise in population so that we can have a balanced between protection and using of natural resources.
Protecting enviroment, everyone should see to.
My name is X.
I come from Y.
My favorite subject is English, my favorite fruit is watermelon.
I don't like running, on the other Words, I dislike any sports.
I dislike getting up early.
Now I am a university student, I want to become better.
I will try my best to study.
In the afternoon, we went to the Please Museum.
It was interesting.
We took some photos.
In the evening, we went shopping.
We are pleased to inform you that the Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 had been shipped by S.
Pearl and it will be partial shipment by S.
With the blooming of the cities, not only our big cities are polluted seriously, but also the quanlity of the air is worse and worse.
There are varieties of reasons led to this phenomenon, including poisonous gases left out from the cars and plants, the cut of the foreast all over the world, etc.
We can see that there are some things we have to do now and when there's a will, there is a way.
Now we have a large export order, in order to do business so we will have a foreign language training.
First, this way can improve our ability.
They can talk about learning.
In this way, we can make every student show themselves.
Second, students can improve their grades in this way.
Because through the discussion they can discover their study goal, they can study very hard.
But this way also have disadvantages.
Some students do not talk about knowledge in the discussion.
To sum up, this way need us to have a correct attitude.
With the development of technologies, iPad became the students' great partner.
In fact, iPad can be used to listen to music and read books, but also playing games.
It's good for our studies, too.
As for a student, iPad can make us learning much easier, because we can find the words if we don't know, and the newest information from iPad.
Also we can get some exercises to do for free on the internet by iPad.
But the most important is that we talked to our classmates and teachers if we need something to talk to.
With time goes by, we all appreciate the way to get information conveniently on the internet.
Actually in our daily life it's normal to see a senior student played iPad and we always lied that we will put all of our energies on our studies if we get one.
But it has some dreadful influence either, for example, we always played the iPad when we are having the class, so it let us getting the worse grade next test.
And then when we getting back to home, we probably played the iPad but not finishing our homework yet.
In my opinions, iPad is only a modern way to relax ourselves, so we'd better do not have an iPad, it's expensive for a student and will trouble us to focus on study anymore.
Because people can see animals everyday and animals can be taken good care in zoos.
In this world there are many cdlebrities, they are not only have their unoque ability and success.
Edison in his numerous failed, be known to all the world incentor.
Helen kate with her strong will power to overcome her disability .
This week, our class has a discussion.
In class,40% of my classmates think we should keep them in zoos.
In my opinion, I think they should live in the wild.
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
Then.
I am going to listen to the BBC to improve my listening.
Because I am weak in listening .
Secondly.
However.
Finally.
Online shopping works great for me.
The passage of time, never pause.
As a matter of fact said which has reached season, then next will not be far.
In the us to study in the house of the hall close.
I have not been getting in touch with you for a long time .
When I was a child , in my eye you are patient but strict .
Because you are a teacher , all you think are right and if I can not understand problems you always explained them to me until I completely understand .
But when I make silly mistakes you would criticize me too, and you always made me crying .
Because of you I never make the same mistakes now .
I thank you so much mother.
My teachers take care of me, so you need not worry about me .
Please look after him instead of me .
I love him too.
I study hard because you said to me before: Nothing in the word is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.
I will follow your steps , I will become your pretension.
Even if reading is beneficial to us, which can let us learn more about the world and abandon our horizons, it's not the best way of learning.
There is no short cut on the way of learning.
But doing is totally different from reading.
Just like you can't feel the sweet smell of flowers by others' words , like you can't be astounded by the beauty of nature through some pictures, you need to be there and feel it by yourself.
Nowadays, more and more students lack social practice .
Some people think it is a big problem for us.
we can find a job easier in the future.
Neither some don't think it is necessary .
In my opinion, I think it is obvious that social practice is playing a more and more important role in Chinese college education.
We should put our studies in the first place.
As we know, everybody always confront difficult in the life.
When we face difficult, we must brave face it.
In that difficult play a part in our life.
As long as we defeat it, we can succeed.
Now, the college students face difficult choose hid.
So we must face difficult, we must defeat difficult, so we are in the succeed.
In fact, they lose the chance of success themselves.
Face difficult, the school should encourger students.
The students should brave face, whenever have difficult.
The last, I hope the students brave defeat difficult.
In a word, Failure is the mother of success.
As we all know, carbon dioxide is a very important factor to lead to the global warming.
Carbon dioxide is not very poisonous in the atmosphere, but each year since, the concentration has crept upward.
There are many factors which lead to the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Firstly, in the last few centuries, people used some fuels which contain carbon, such as coal, oil, natural gas and so on.
These fuels were burned to carbon dioxide and poured into the atmosphere at a rate of many tons per day.
Secondly, people cut down trees, so less carbon dioxide is absorbed by trees.
Thirdly, the population grows up quickly from year to year.
Due to the global warming, some measures should be taken to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
First, we should plant more and more trees to save our forests, Second, we must have new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide.
As far as I am concerned, in daily life, we can ride bike, sometimes, we can give up cars to walk on the street.
We don't use disposable chopsticks.
For one things, we should save papers and protect plants from cutting down.
Nicholas Sparks, the author of Dear John, was born in Omaha, Nebraska.
He and his wife are pious Catholics.
His first novel The Passing which was not published wrote in 1985 and The Royal Murders in 1989 when he was in college.
Dear John was wrote under the background of the war.
This is a book of love fiction which tell us a moving story about John and Savannah.
John drops out of school and enlists in the army not knowing what to do with his life until he meets the girl Savannah.
Their mutual attraction quickly grows into the kind of love that leaves Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty.
John wants to settle down with the girl who has captured his heart.
He promises Savannah that he will come back soon and then there will no separation between them.
It is time they have to separate, so they write letters to each other.
But the 911 event, out of patriotic feelings, John requires to extend the tour of duty.
There are some obstacles between John and Savannah, but finally, Savannah support the decision of John.
After John back to troops, for a long time, he haven't received a letter from Savannah.
Then he receives a Dear John letter which broken his heart.
He hears bad news about his father who devoted himself into the collection of coins and have little communication with John after he grows up.
John back to his home town and know the truth of the Dear John letter-Savannah married Tim who suffer from cancer and needs her help.
The whole story lead us to feel the love between John and Savannah, John and his father.
True love must suffer a lot.
It is common believed that if you love someone, it is not so important to get together, but I hold the view that if someone do beloved, they should try their best to get together and love each other with all they have.
Savannah should not make the decision by herself, she can help Tim, even not marry him.
I should say that sometimes love is selfishness.
The most touching is John's father, he loves John deeply, but he don't know how to show it.
Maybe he just show his love by collecting coins, he misses the time he spent with John when John was a child.
So many freshman can't adjust to the college learning.
I feel the school environment is very important on campus.
On campus, some students will have smoking by the school environment .
Why the students learn faster now, I think the most factors is that the school environment.
At the same time, the students should see the nature of the school environment.
cities get more and more nervous.
The reason of housing problem is the population more and more, and the price of house is very expensive.
I think government should take measures to solve the housing problem cities.
But my father is wise .
When I complained the society, She only patted me on my shoulder.
I am very glad to hear from you.
My favourite teacher is an very enthusiastic woman called Mrs Wang, who teaches me English in junior high.
She is a successful English teacher.
Because the student who is teached by her always get great grades in the final exam.
She is strict but patient.
She makes everyone feels happy in Engilsh class.
In her class we learned not only the scope of exam but also some other interesting knowledges of Engilsh.
She often held some activities in class at that time and we have fun.
I used to be very poor in Engilsh and even decided to give up.
Then I met Mrs Wang.
  and encouraged me a lot.
She gave me some advice on how to learn English well.
With her help , I made great progress and become more confident.
Recently, the problem of food safety has been worried by people all the time.
Food safety brings much terrible influence to society and ordinary people.
For example, we eat kinds of snack which cooked by illegal cooking oil.
And, tainted milk is threatening both the young and the old every day.
So and chemical additives, pesticide pollution.
I hear a message about you that your relation with your friend is out of the quetion.
I donot want see that the event used you sad.
First I think that everything cann't destory our friendship.
I suggest you should add the chance about talking with your friend.
In a word, friendship is the best valuable of us.
As it is known to all that there is nothing sexier than being confident and taking care of yourselves.
Therefore, the fact that self-confidence is of great significance in today's society.
Nevertheless, more and more young people realize it is difficult to build up self-confidence for the reason that they are not able to communicate with others.
What's more, the rapid development of electronic technology has influenced the various dimensions of human life, which means that the modern communication technology such as computer and intelligent mobile phone has dominated our daily life.
As a result, the distance between people has been farther and farther.
From my point of the view, self-confidence is rather important for everyone.
No matter if you face the pressure of learning or work challenge.
According to the forementioned, the prescription for the problem lies in many aspects.
On the one hand, we should set a clear overall goal accompanied with the periodic targets, which bases on our personal abilities, then we need to draw up an effective plan.
On the other hand, we have to make every effort to follow the plan and achieve the goal step by step.
In addition, an optimistic attitude plays a key role in our daily life.
Whenever possible, we should do self-examination form time to time and try to get more friends without hesitation so that we will conquer our fears gradually.
At the same time, don't be afraid of making mistakes.
All in all, self-confidence is more than an attitude, it comes from knowing ourselves and having rational judgements.
In many intstances, we can found that the academic cheat harm students interest.
A lot of students were damaged by the academic cheat.
For my part, in order to reject academic cheat, we should make strict demands on ourselves and develop our academic realize.
Such as 40 years old man Li Jin Qi.
We can found easier than begin when do it over and over again .
Now more and more students ingore the importance of spelling.
In fact, the importance of spelling is out of our imagination.
Many causes result in this phenomenon.
First of all, many students read cursorily and ingore the meaning of words.
There is something special that students of colleage used to write with listening music.
That is bad habit.
Second, students always write in the examination paper.
Just answering those questions.
And this brings the problem on.
Finally, students pay attention to listening and reading.
I think we should attach importance to the standard of spelling.
Spelling isn't only a requirement, but also a attitude.
If we do it carefully, we will improve soon.
When we read articles, not only do we undertand the meaning of article, but also interprete every word.
Accumulating is important.
we can write a article and consummate it.
After many times, I think we can see our improvement.
Improvement of spelling lies in details.
All in all, spelling is long insistance.
University graduates should develop lots of qualifies.
First of all, we should be honest.
So in the exam you shouldn't cheat the others.
Society need the honest people.
We should develop the habit of honesty.
Second, we should develop the habit of the independent life.
In college we need do everything by ourselves.
Do not rely on our parents.
Third, we should plan our future and look forward to a good job.
On my opinion, our character is the most important.
We are very pleased to inform you that the goods under our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 are shipped by S.
Pearl  .
