i am 12 .
i like playing basketball and running.
i like help others.
in my free time .
i always play with my good friends .
and i usually help my parents.
i like cooking and doing housework.
after class i often talk with my good teachers or play with my good friends .
As we know, there are serveral problems on campus.
But, I think the most is that most of the students sink low.
We can see that many students go to play game instead of go to the classroom and library.
So some actions must be taken to improve the phenomenon.
As to me , the most effective action is ourselves.
So far, opportunities and obstacles exist simultaneously .
Firstly, the author shows us the operational approaches taken by US venture capital firms in terms of their European business, such as setting offices in London and dedicated fund .
More examples have been introduced to illustrate their main business focus and show their investment activities vary greatly .
Secondly, the author points out that US venture capital style has got stuck in Europe , for it is hard for American venture capital and private equity firms to perform their expertises due to cultural, political, and institutional difference in Europe .
When we were young, we saw the deeply love from our parents.
Then, we began to expect a perfect sweetheart who will accompany with us enduring.
To be my husband, he needn't to be very handsome, but also can't be very ugly.
He should be 15 centermeters taller than me and be strong enough.
I don't like him looking thin.
The color of his skin can't be too white because my skin color is a little black.
I don't require him to be wealthy enough, but only can afford our basic living fee.
I hope my husband will cook a delicious food for me from time to time.
Alao, it is my glad if my perfect husband will be willing to live with me in a small but warm house, we can keep cats and dogs together.
We can walk along the street with our pets after having supper.
My requirements for my perfect husband are very simple.
As long as he love and care me, I will be satisfied.
I only want to a silent life.
Plagiarism does exist through the history of academy, even though you try your best to avoid it.
It is inevitable that plagiarism is the common phenomenon because of our ignorance about the definition of it.
According to Wikipedia, plagiarism is the wrongful appropriation and stealing and publication of another author's language, thoughts, ideas, or expressions and the representation of them as one's own original work.
We can come to the conclusion that any ideas or languages from others without the agreements can be thought as plagiarism.
For instance, it is difficult for me to express the idea about one important academic report, however, one of my friends can do it better.
It can be discredited as academic dishonesty that I hand in the paper which is re-writed by her, even though she re-writes can not represent the original idea of mine.
In fact, within academia, plagiarism by students, professors or researchers are considered academic dishonesty or academic fraud and offenders are subject to academic censure up to and including expulsion.
As far as I am concerned, there are three reasons.
First of all, plagiarism does affect the development of academy.
Secondly, it is extremely disrespectful to someone who makes the true idea.
My dreaming destination in Eourope is Switzerland.
It is a developed country in the middle of Europe.
Switzerland has a population of more than 750 million people.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland, situated on the River Aller.
Switzerland is bounded by Austria, France, Italy and Gemany.
The worldwide garden  --Switzerland is known as the flower there.
Because of the moist climate, the flowers are gorgeous.
As we all know, the importance of the newspaper has declined a lot compared to the significant role it used to play.
It's not difficult for us to find that there are less and less teenagers who will spend a few minutes in reading newspaper in their daily lives.
In stead of getting information from something in print, they prefer to search the Internet to find what they want to know.
With the development of e-books, paper productions have been thought of as an enormous polluter, which makes them more and more unacceptable.
Nevertheless, no matter how many disadvantages we can point out, there is no denying that the newspaper has been existing for such a long time and the tradition of reading the newspaper is hard to alter.
Furthermore, the convenience that the newspaper owns is obvious.
It won't take several minutes to unfold a piece of newspaper, but you have nothing to do but to wait when you turn on your laptop.
Xian Xianghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music.
He was born in 1905 in Macao, China.
He was famous for the song The Yellow River and he wrote it in 1939.
he studied in Paris and used traditional Chinese music.
people called him  People's Musician  .
Finally, he died young in 1945.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
We are able to take part in many types of activities.
For example, I join in club activities because I think that I can get useful knowledge and develop my communication skills through the activities.
I persist in it every day in order to keep fit.
In addition, I'm also crazy about watching English films.
As everyone knows, honesty is a good moral character in China.
Honesty is regarded to person in the past, and people would like to do something to prove them is honest.
Returning the things what did he borrows from others on time, and sent the things which he picked up on the road to the police.
Besides, trying his best to do what is promised and so on.
However, in today's society there are so many dishonesty instead of honesty.
Doing the things which are beneficial to themselves, such as selling illegal products.
Promising things which are not his ability but only because of face and so on.
In my opinion, honesty is an important character and we shouldn't throw it.
Honesty is not only benefit for others, but also benefit for ourselves.
Though the development of the economy is very rapid, our environment is being destroyed at the same time.
For instance, water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
In some serious areas, people are lacking in water and die painfully.
As we all know, our social development is based on destroying the nature.
Some works pour the poisonous water into the lakes, rivers etc and the clear water is becoming dirtier and dirtier.
As a result, our water resource is becoming less and less.
In some other parts, the large quantities of tree cutting have been led to the solid being crashed away.
In the end, the solid chokes off the water lanes.
In my view, firstly, we must protect our forests from being destroyed.
secondly, we should recycle the industrial and daily water, avoiding pouring into the lakes and rivers.
Last but not least, we should try our best to improve the level of science technology to apply it to the water shortage solving.
Nowdays, with the rapid development of IT and information industry, mobile phone plays a dominat role in people' life.
They are completely part of our daily lives if we look at our society.
In fact, there are both favorable and mffavorahle.
The main advantage of mobile phone is that people can use them anytime and anywhere.
with a mobile phone in hand, one can easily get on the net, browsing the useful information, conducting e-commerce and doning whatever one can do via internet.
Just as a popular saying goes that every coin has two sides, it also has some drawbacks, too.
On the one hand, the most problem is elextric wave radiation, which is bad for our health.
In my opinion, It' not wrong to fllow the fashion but the most important thing is how to use the mobile phone in a right way.
The computer come into classrooms that a number of teachers use computer teach students, some people say the computers will replace teachers, and someone says not.
Firstly, the technology developing fast at the moment the social also developing.
The computer will have more power and more useful.
So, computers replace teachers will achieve in the future.
Secondly, computers as teachers the headmaster do not have pay for it, computers do not need to rest and it still has not been feeling ill.
As is known to all, we need to read books so that we can acquire more knowledge and have a wider mind.
Indeed, it is vital for us to read books, for books are the steps for us to advance.
It is clear that we will be limited in the world of books and cannot keep pace with the real world.
Eventually, we will be shy and afraid of keeping in touch in with others.
In my standpiont, practice can make me learn more.
As an illustratiin, we travel to foreign countries and we may see various things and learn a lot about the custom and tradition of those countries.
We are gonna fail to catch the piont of those wonderful scenes.
My name is Z .
I majored in Linguistics.
I can do the job well.
What' more, I am good at communicating with others.
I'm a patient man.
Last but no least I would like you to give me the chance.
My telephone number is *.
In today's China, especially in the city, almost every family only have one child.
Parents always want their children to live a happy life and have no difficulties, so some of them even do everything for their kids.
I know some kids can not wash their socks , they do not willing to do housework at home.
As we are adults, we need to learn to be independence because finally we should do everything ourselves.
When we face some trouble, in the first place, we should try to solve by ourselves.
If we can manage to do it, we win and we are growing up.
If it is so difficult to settle, we can ask our teacher or friends for help.
We can discuss and make a plan.
During our four years' study and live, we can be so mature and independence that our parents can set their mind at rest.
Some people would like to keep a pet at home, such as a dog.
a cat or other animals.
However, many people think pets should be banned.
They regard pet as a bad thing.
They think pets will spread the disease.
The sounds dogs bark are noisy.
When we walk dogs at street, they sometimes pollute the environment too.
In my opinion, keeping a pet can improve our responsibility.
There are different opinions among people as to attend class of university's students .
Some people say that going to class should be optional for students .
To them , time will be distributed reasonably and effetely .
However, everything has two sides and it has both advantages and disadvantages .
If students could choose class for themselves , they will be felt puzzled even do some illegal things against the discipline .
In particularly , some time is used for drinking , smoking and gambling .
In my opinion, I think it necessary to required the students to attend class .
Nowadays, some students not pay attention to spelling what it is English in study.
For example, some students in study English what they often ignore pay attention to speeding.
The course of idear lead to them think the spelling is secondary.
They think in English studying read is very important.
But the words spelling often ignored by thier.
So they more times speaking English loud, but they don't know how to spelling.
I'm L, the leader of student union.
On behalf of all students, I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to make a speech.
Getting involved in the competition, not only can we improve the ability of speaking English, but also develop the habit of reading.
Here are some matters that need attention if you'd like to take part in the competition.
At last, I'm looking forward to the competition succeed.
As we all know, the environment aronnd us is getting worse and worse.
In some places we cannot see fish.
Swimming in the river or trees on the hills.
Some people even have no clean water to drink.
Deforesting and global warming are two serious environmental problems.
I think we should throw the plastic bags.
Because they cannot decompose in a short time.
The plastic bags will make our world worse.
We should encourage people to use their cloth bags and baskets.
In addition, we can go to school on foot or by bike.
Cars need to use fuels.
However, the burning of fossil fuels results in global warming.
Finally, we should not throw the rubbish here and there.
The earth is our home and we have the duty to take care of it for ourselves and for our later generations.
Measures have been taken to cope with these problems by the government.
Laws have been passed to stop pollution.
Hello, everyone.
First of all, thank you for giving me the chance to speak.
My name is J from Tianjin middle school.
I want to take part in this activity.
I speak English fluently.
This activity aim to improve the English level.
We can help schoolmates.
We also can arrange programmed.
We are glad to tell you that the goods under the Sales Confirmation NO.
J-29 have been shipped by S.
S Pearl and it will be transported by Mayflower  in HongKong.
Besides, the transaction complys with CFR.
For the college graduates, finding a job is a lot like finding out a match when dating.
Personality yours and theirs play a major role.
Everybody wants to find out a good job, and a little arm candy does not hurt.
To begin with, be interested in your academic subjects.
We can benefit from it.
Then, trying to make full use of some new knowledge.
People believe that learning lots of skills can promot the chance to succeed.
So it is necessary to learn some new knowledge.
Spring is a season full of energy.
During spring everything comes to life.
The trees turn green and the flowers come out.
After the chilly winter, the weather is gradually getting warmer and people take off the thick clothes to wear the cool ones.
Less warm than spring, autumn is a little cold .
In autumn the days begin to get shorter, some trees have less time making food to feed their leaves, so they let the leaves turn yellow and then fall to the ground.
Chinese Spring Festival is the most important festival to Chinese.
Before Chinese Spring Festival, people have a lot of things to do.
For example, people should prepare varieties of food.
Such as all kinds of meat, nuts, dumplings and so on.
Besides food, people also buy many new clothes.
And people have to do some cleaning.
It means that sweep away bad luck.
During Chinese Spring Festival, there are lots of funny activities.
On New Year's Eve, families get together, prepare New Year's Eve dinner and watch Spring Festival Gala Evening.
Children receive money as a lunar New Year gift.
Then people play firecrackers to celebrate New Year.
The customs of Chinese Spring Festival are too many to introduce.
As a good listener, you will have curiosity to open mind, and need to control your analytical and critical urges to grasp the new ideas.
You should have a comprehension before the evaluation, too.
  Differ from a hearer, a listener can discover the real import of the words when other person is saying.
Listening requires more intelligence than speaking.
We should listen more others' ideas and speak less, because speaking too much makes people feel uncomfortable.
English is a national language now, so more and more people think English is very important.
And we should learn it well.
First of all, to increase your vocabulary.
English is based on words.
You should remember new words you learned.
Secondly, more reading.
It is beneficial to English.
If you read the English artcles everyday your English will be improved.
Then, more using.
When you communicate with your classmates, when you have a dialogue with people, you can use English.
If so, I believe your English will be very well.
In addition, you can also see English films and listen English songs, it is helpful.
We can see from the cartoon that when it rain, the two men did not take leave, but through the rain together.
Some people say that a friend is one that is close to you.
In my view, a friend is the one that stand by you, even through the hardest time.
Just like Jenny and me, we have known each other for eight years, and we have gone through many happy and hard times together.
For example, when we are happy, we share our feelings with each other.
When we are sad, we are each other's listener.
Lilly was a pretty girl with long hair.
She was extremely vigorous, amicable .
And she was always with full enthusiasm .
That experience was a wonderful touch in my memory even with the time passing .
It was on a cold morning that I was under a low mood .
Lily came when I was crying sadly .
And the real friend could share their common joy and sorrow.
Never would forget Lily.
For example, we make the rabish everwhere.
the lakes are colerful and the sky is never bule.
sometimes, we drive to company.
Some people kill the animal.
So something have to be done to stop pollution .
Welcome come to China.
I hold the opinion that my mother country is very beautiful, She has The Great Wall and The Imperial place in beijing.
She also has The oriental pearl TV tower in Shanghai.
My mother country is consist of thirty provinces, so there is no doubt that she occupy a large of floor space.
In addition, because of we have traditional culture, My mother country people are very kind and hospitable.
especially the girl are very beautiful.
As far as i am concerned my mother country is very beautiful, everyone has their unique dream that keep their going and happy.
l always believe that they will come ture in future.
I'll have pets.
I can't have any pets now because my mother hates them and our apartment is too small.
So in ten years, I'll have many different pets.
I'll probably go skating and swimming every day.
The only real technical issues you might run into involve the frame rate, which has an occasional tendency to hitch up during some very specific scenarios.
In the picture, an aged woman sits in front of mirror, talking to herself, 'My son goes to work and my grandson goes to school.
I feel very lonely.
They don't develop their own interests so they have nothing to do.
What's more, the aged people should find ways to entertain themselves.
As we all know, spring is the obvious symbol of hope and life, in Spring, all the things on earth come back to life, we all breathe the fresh air filled with the smell of wet clay.
In contrast, the coming of Autumn means everything will fall into the depression, such as, the leaves fall down and the flowers wither, which leave a frustrated depression on us.
Of course, the two seasons have some aspects in common.
For instance, the temperature of Spring is neither cold nor hot, which is correspondent to Autumn's.
She was walking the 100-foot distance from the parking lot to the entrance of her apartment .
There are various reasons responsible for the phenomenon.
For one thing, it is widely spread that screenwriters need to be in accordance with the tastes of the public so as to improve audience rating.
For another, those who want to have a reputation for being familiar to everyone.
Therefore, the wind of imitation is in the prevailing time.
From the point of my view, with the development of economy, we not only attach much importance to entertainment, but also improve the quality of teaching.
We can not ignore teaching so as to pursue entertainment.
What is more, we everyone are supposed to cultivate our personal accomplishment and aesthetic taste.
My family has four people, my father and mother and my sister.
He likes play chess, meanwhile, he feels satisfied and relaxed with our neighbour.
When I was a child I often play chess with him, but when I grow up , I have plenty of homework and housework .
I can not spend all free time playing .
Therefor, decided that when I have time , I would accompany my father .
Though mother is no longer a career woman, when we go shopping , she could help some homeless and hungry people.
So as Mother Day is drawing near, I wish her eternal health and happiness.
As far I am concerned, it makes me feel comfortable and happiness.
We live in azure sky, the changing of perennial, lush jungle 'the vanilla of delectable, enchanting sightseeing and so on.
The estate stands for the concert of light that is our world.
The Animal World is also animated and dynamical, we will gain lots of profound considering.
In Africa there are all kinds of animals, you should be wary of their attic, when you savor the sights, all at once they will appearent of you.
I pay tribute to the advents, they have the gut and clever , they ac-cross the abyss, crisp precipice, in order to find kinds of animals.
Although they may cast the life.
I like all kinds of animals, the meekness, the inuncible, let us see the dynamic of the world.
But some animals subject the damage of vanish, so we should protect the animal, they are our friends, if the world without their participation, our world will be detached and inanimate.
Love is a very simple thing in my mind, just like a smile, a hug , a rose.
They are each other's first love.
They fell in love in college.
Since I can remember, they had not had quarreled.
Every morning, mother will be early to make breakfast and tied tie for Dad.
I wonder if I can have a beautiful love like their.
I will love my lover , my family and my friends , sending them to smile, blessings and hug.
At the present time, the society is rapid developing on technology and science.
Yet a host of problems have arisen such as anti-social behavior and lack of respect to others.
It is obvious that the causes of anti-social behavior including commit a crime are various.
In the first palce, a large number of people are not get enough parental and shooling education that what should do or not, which causing they do not have rules of their lives.
Secondly, with the development of technology of communication, some individuals has clearly known the ways of anti-social due to the internet.
The internet shows their negative effects to the world.
Accordingly, the solutions of this issue should also be diverse.
First, the government should be carried out comparable rules and regulations to exert the effects on influcing the behavior of their local inhabitants who should be the good symbol of the society.
Then the government should establish some institutions to provide the food and accomodations to the poor families to meet the lowest living standard.
In conclution, several nefative factors contribute to affect the residents on behavior of their lives including family, friend and modern technology.
They complement each other, and exist together to balance the society, the death penalty is the product of this .
The death penalty exists at various times, but they don't remains constant all the time.
In ancient times, the whole society is in an unstable condition.
The authority always want to keep themselves save, this outweighs all other considerations, so they often rather believe it to be true or not.
Moreover, the authority cut their head in the sight of public, the authority kill them in such a crude and rough way is just giving a warning to the public, they never consider anything besides that, let alone the humanism.
All of these shows the difference between the death penalty of the various times, that is -humanism.
Thank you for telling me about your school life.
I get up at twenty six o 'clock on weekdays.
And get up at nine o'clock on rest day.
I have breakfast and then leave home at forty six o'clock.
I usually go to school by bick.
We have nine lessons every day.
The first lessin starts at thirsty seven o'clock.
I usually do my homework as soon as I get home from school.
On saturday, I go to play badminton with my friends.
The early bird catches the worm.
Once I have failed in an examination.
I felt depressed.
The fact proved is lazy led to my failure.
My mother encouraged me, It is good to be clever, but it is better to be industrious.
  Listened to mum's words I saw light suddenly.
I decided to start studying hard.
Then, I got up early to review lessons every day.
I listened carefully in the class.
I asked teachers for help as soon as I have questions.
And hard I beat down me.
So, diligence leads to success.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is located in central of Europe, where it is bordered by Germany to the north, Fance to the west , Italy to the south, and Austria to the east.
It covering an are of 41,000 square kilometers.
The population of Switzerland is about 750,000,000.
It is one of the most developed coutries in the world.
Berne, the capital of Switzerland, and Geneva are also attract me.
I am looking for a chance to traveling to Switzerlang.
As the old saying goes, The winner becomes the king, loser the bandit  .
Theoretically speaking, in defendant by certificate guilty before thought his innocent idea can guarantee does not sentence the case of injustice, does not treat the good person.
Anyone is equal , you do not have any right to accuse a person of guilty .
But what worried me is that this principle do not be widely used in modern society , many people charge a person of guilty depends on his/her birthplace or background not evidence.
If a person has money or right , he/she has a saying.
In order to avoid this unfair scene happening again, we should be together to defend .
People like hearing stories from other countries and from others, so by telling them about your travelling with your new language you may develop new friendships.
You'll be very good at associating other things as well.
In a word , we should study a foreign language.
Ours social, The social practice is playing more essential role in China college education.
Donot-it-themselves.
I think first, We don't have enough money, second, we lack working experience.
But being self-employed has become quite popular among graduates, because they are greatly attracted by the freedom and considerable profits that it may bring.
Besides, a fearsome job market and high graduate unemployment rates also stop them from seeking a job.
My friend Mr.
My friend Sally, she was playing the piano, and she was stopping to have a rest.
My friend Tom, he was reading some books.
And my friend Mrs Wang, she was in the life, and she could not get out.
The power off is very bad.
As shown in the above picture, the teacher let her students of literature, he said: just think of it as if you read a long message.
With the development of the Internet, more and more people tend to shop on the Internet.
For one thing, online shopping has brought some convenience for consumers.
Instead of going to one shop to another, people can choose and buy all kinds of commodities they like as long as they click the mouse gently.
This is not only a better choice for the old who do not have enough energy to go outside but also a great convenience for those who have no time to go shopping in person.
All models can browse through all of the categories of commodities, determines the color and size do you want to buy.
However, on the other hand, in the online shopping can not before they buy goods test.
Secondly, some shops on the Internet are dishonest, they will not deliver the goods after payment.
Yesterday was sunday.
A good friend contacted me because he wanted to have a dinner with me.
I went to downtown by bus Number 5.
After 40 minutes I arrived railway station that we have arranged to meet here.
We were walked around then decided to have dinner in the restaurant.
The restaurant' wall mainly showed lemon yellow.
Overall have Europe and the retro style.
If I were a superman, I would eat those delicious food up by myself.
I don't feel rested when I wake up in the morning.
I exhaustively stumped class.
The first class is Language laboratory practice.
I actively answer the teacher asked question.
I was praised by the teacher.
She's encourage make me cheer up.
The second class is Comprehensive English.
This morning, I haven't had breakfast yet .
My deskmate gives me small bread.
Suddenly, I feel my heart singing.
When it comes to The Internet, different people have different opinion.
While some people argue that its disadvantageous.
Nowadays, online rumors problem is more and more serious.
There are many reasons that has resulted in online rumors.
Firstly, the rapidly development of computer Internet techniques is the most important reason.
Today, computer has come into every house as well as TV.
People can do every thing with computer conveniently.
But at the same time, people may make a great variety of rumors for a great variety of reasons conveniently.
Secondly, market competition is also a reason of online rumors.
Some companies may raise their products' reputation by running down others' products online.
In my opinion, there're some measures to decrease that.
What the most important thing is government should strengthen the laws about online's management and improve people's awareness of self-control and ethics.
But some people think that to do so for learning good students is not fail, in the long term can make a result good student performance decline, lose their learning enthusiasm and confidence.
Happiness is the feeling of pleasure and satisfaction.
It belongs to positive emotions among human feelings .
People always make efforts to seek happiness.
Some of them take it for granted that more money can bring them more happiness, while some may think that they will be happier if they possess more power.
Nevertheless, no one even some famous scholars can definite  happiness accurately.
I hold my own view of the definition of happiness.
It has no shape, no color and no weight.
It's not associated with wealth or welfare.
It doesn't mean that the higher position leads to more happiness.
There are three main occasions that are filled with happiness, in my opinion.
Firstly, family reunion is the most unforgettable moment for us.
Once I imagine the scene that all my family members gather together around the table, I can't stop becoming excited and cheerful.
It's surely that everyone especially those who work far away from home look forward to this harmonious moment all the time.
The second clue to happiness is love.
We usually find that when we give a hand to others who are in need, the feeling of satisfaction comes to us at the same time.
Of course, courage from our parents, help from our friends and care from our lovers all make us happy.
The last but not least is the joy of achieving a goal.
It's beneficial for us to set goals for study and life during certain periods.
Happiness is not so difficult to reach as we imagine.
Different countries have different ways of learning, in China mainly teacher give priority to.
For chinese students say we can do is to listen to the teacher told the class, finish the homework carefully.
on the one hand, Some people think the Internet development is beneficial to people's life.
On the other hand, some people think that adverse Internet developmentment and people'life Many students are addicted to online games, ignore learning.
As far as I'm concerned, we should correctly understand the Internet.
We should use it's good.
First, in the past years, we always wrote letters, but now, we can chat with our friends and talk on the phone, send emails and so on, we make a lot of firends.
Second, we want to go to a far place, we always think it so far so that we should give up the thing, don't worry, nowadays, we have a convenient traffic, for example, airplane, light rail.
Next, we have a variety of entertainment, when we feel tired, we can go shopping and sing songs, play games so that we can relax.
English is one of the most imporant langugages in the world.
At the same time , it is also the most widely spoken language in the world .
the skill of English.
It has many advantages.
firstly, it is very convernet.
and anywhere.
seconly , it can help us to pratice pronunciation.
oral English.
In short, we can reap the benefit from learning English online .
more fluent as long as we work hard .
It is universally acknowledged that beauty can often receive priority in most aspects.
As we all know, employers need those who can profit them.
It is always ignored by so many people.
To summarize, capability is more important than good appearance in working.
Gilbert Highet(June 22,1906-January 20,1978)was a Scottish-American classicist, academic, writer, intellectual, critical and literary historian.
He is best known as a mid-20th-century teacher of the humanities in the United States.
As most schools are set up today, learning is compulsory.
This is a mistake.
Learning is a natural pleasure, inborn and instinctive, one of the essential pleasures of the human race.
It is because they were made dull, by bad teaching, by isolation, by surrender to routine, sometimes, too, by the pressure of hard work and poverty, or by the toxin of riches, with all their ephemeral and trivial delights.
With luck, resolution and guidance, however, the human mind can survive not only poverty but even wealth.
This pleasure is not confined to learning from textbooks, which are too often tedious.
But it does include learning from books.
But, far beyond books, learning means keeping the mind open and active to receive all kinds of experiences.
Learning also means learning to practice, or at least to appreciate an art.
No learner has ever run short of subjects to explore.
The pleasures of learning are indeed pleasures.
In fact, the word should be changed.
The true name is happiness.
After reading this passage, I have a deeper understanding about learning.
Learning is a natural pleasure, inborn and instinctive, one of the essential pleasure of the human race.
Much unhappiness has been suffered by those people who have never recognized that it is as necessary to make themselves into whole and harmonious personalities as to keep themselves clean, healthy and financially solvent.
There is no doubt that more and more beutiful girls spewing out, they may be natural beauty or Artificial beauty, at all events, they are in good appearance.
But the interesting thing is that we all know that a lot of pretty girls have found a better job than the general people though their capabilities can not compare with the general people.
As we all know, Beijing Film Academy is the best art academy in China, there always have many girls who are in good appearance come to Beijing to have a interview.
Although the good appearance is the premise condition, the academy will not accept the girl who have good appearance but without any ability.
We can find that there are a quantity of movie stars and singers famous by their hard-working but not by their appearance.
Thus it can be seen that good appearance is not more important than capability, the society only believe the capability, not the surface.
Then the article followed by the introduction of the reason for the U.
When it comes to whether cloning has any benefits, there is no agreement among people.
Some people are in favor of cloning while some others think it should be banned.
In all.
People who think cloning has benefits point out that cloning not only can be used for infertility, but also offers a promising future in medical treatment.
Moreover, with the development of science, this technology will be used more and more widely.
Everything has it's two sides.
However, some others think, up to now we have not had enough experience, the success rate of animal cloning is low.
Furthermore, it also has some moral problems.
There is some truth in both arguments.
But I think the advantages of cloning overweigh the disadvantages.
Today, Lisa came my home.
She is my friend who is from America.
This is her fist trip in China.
We walked to the Huaguo mountain.
This is an active center for all the people in city.
There are many mountains and monkeys.
The waterfall is very beautiful.
It is like a natural playground.
It will quickly follow going to the Fossil Museum, because my hometown is a place rich in fossils.
We were tired and hungry.
So we decided to go home.
However, there are many places where we didn't get.
In this morning, there is a dangerous situation in a cross road.
it is obvious that the traffic accident is very serious.
we should pay more attention to this accident.
In that day, the weather is not well, having a rain in the sky.
A car drive on the way as usual.
the driver drive the car very fast.
The road with the rain is so slippery.
Maybe the drivers have no sense about the safe, and they don not notice the symbols of sign.
the drivers control the car with absent-mindedness.
The road sign is in front of the cross-road.
When the car cross over the road, suddenly, a shocked sound can be heard from the car.
The accident is so serious, in front of it , , the appearance of the car have been broken.
The light in front of the car is ruined, but the window of the car is well.
And the gates of the car is well.
All the mentioned above indicate that the way of driving in this picture is improperly.
We should notice the thing that is invisible.
We should keep mind clearly when we drive on the road especial in the bed weather.
Remember do not drunk driving in the road.
It is easy happen the traffic accident when we are drunk.
When the weather is bad, it is necessary for us to drive the car slowly.
I also have the suggestion for the sign.
Only in this way can we drive the car safer.
If we pay more attention to the way of diving , it can contribute to our country that the traffic accident get changed.
The traffic accident can bring us bad disaster, so you should remember the notice of the way.
How time flies.
Now I am a senior high school student.
And she is also strict in her work and is strict with us.
At the beginning of high school i fletl very lonely because of the stranger environment , new claasmates and new teachers.
On Those days i even did't say any words .
after she knew that , she had a talk with me .
she encouraged me a lot .
she is also an enthusiastic and energetic woman.
her class is very interesting.
her teaching method is nothing like that of my middle school' teacher .
In the end, i want to say i appreciate her help.
because of her , now i'm full of confidence to face the difficulties.
Dear Mr.
The English speech contest is coming.
We would like to invite you to be the judge of this contest.
As we all know, you are from England and you are very famous in speech.
So we think no one is more suitable than you.
We are looking forward to your attendance.
With the development of technology, in today's society, computer is considered as an absolutely necessary tool to our human beings.
We can acquire a large amount of knowledge by using computer to surf the Internet.
At the meantime, we can receive various courses on line by distance learning.
To begin with, it is important for students to communicate with teachers.
Teachers can not only help students solve their problems but also educate them many other aspects in their life.
The purpose of education is being a useful person while getting knowledge.
When students educated by teachers, they can learn many useful values to be a useful person.
Secondly, a classroom-based education circumstance is certainly important.
It can provide an academic way about thinking of problems.
They will meet different students from variety of backgrounds to share their opinions toward the same issue, from which they will learn other people's advantage and realize their own shortcoming.
Finally, everyone has his own characteristics.
In brief, computers won't replace human teachers forever.
What we really need is a lively learning circumstance instead of a tool to study.
Hello, everyone.
My name is L.
Today, I'll talk you with my favourite festival.
My favourite festival is Mother's Day.
Firstly, in many western festivals, Mother's Day is most warmth and make sense.
Secondly, I prefer Mother's Day because it can let us experience the affection and the affection of the mother.
It is obvious that we all love our mother, so I am looking forward to Chinese mother's Day.
And set it as a statutory holiday.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
After ten years I want to be a botanist researcher.
Because the plant is my favorite, the most interesting thing.
I hope that after ten years, I can achieve my desire now.
I might play badminton in my spare time.
Travel around, to look at the plants and scenery around.
In that time I might have married and have my own child.
My favourite country is Sweden.
Sweden is a developed country.
It's located in the middle of the Europe.
It covers an area of forty-one thousand square kilometers.
It has a population of seven million and five hundred thousand.
Sweden is close to Austria, France, Germany and Italy.
Sweden is rich because its chemical industry and food industry prosperous.
I love Sweden.
Life is a lifelong career.
With the world changing so fast, you need to play an important role of your life.
Life is a mirror, you smile to it, and it smile to you.
But you hate it, your life will be terrible.
We are gaining something, or losing something everyday.
We are all in the position of the farmer.
If we plant a good seed, we reap a good harvest.
If our seed is poor and full of weeds, we reap a useless crop.
Life is the greatest teacher.
If you just want the luck all the time.
Life tell you that is not possible.
You can imagine a man who did not do anything and stayed at home.
He said he want to be a true man.
It is a time when we should think aboutour life.
Time is eaqual to everybody.
Our future is leaded by us.
And life-the greatest teacher will make you change a lot.
As we all know, everyone has different opinions about how to enhance themselves the sense of happiness.
Some people hold the idea that the sense of happiness only include the aspect of matter.
Maybe , it is shallow about this kind of opinion, but opinions are vary from person to person.
however, others think that the sense of happiness not only include the aspect of matter , but also include the ascept spirit.
People desire to do something if they are in a good mood.
In my opinion, happiness is all around us.
The Dream House was organized by some kind volunteers which is more and more popular in our community.
First of all, the volunteers can take care of the students who was no one attended because of their busy parents.
And there are delicious meals on time for the students.
However, the volunteers also can assist the students to finish their hard homework.
Today, every university offers a variety of elective courses.
It can make students learn more knowledge, and also can enrich students' spare life.
Elective courses covers many subjects outside the professional.
For example, music, dance, college chinese and psychology.
etc.
Now, I have entered the university the second grade, and I have choosed electives several days ago.
I chooosed two coerses.
The one is College Students' Psychological Health, the other is Chinese and foreign Classic film songs appreciation.
Because I have interests in psychology, I choose a kind of psychology course.
In addition, I like listening ang singing music, so I choose the music appreciation.
In fact, electives are stutents' hobbies.
When students choose electives, they can follow their feelings.
If you do like this, It will produce good results.
Rerently, a foreign friend of mine is coming to vist China .
I feel very nice to be a guide .
I will take him to see what is the most instresting place.
First of all , i will take him to see the great wall , because many people know it all over the world .
the great wall represent a culture of China .
we are proud of it.
we are not understand it how to finish until today.
so that it is very wonderful and mysterious.
the second i will take him to see the summer palace duo to it is home of emperor .
IT represent a lifestyle of emperor.
IT is very beautiful and admireable.
IT also represent a culture of China is very wonderful.
finally i hope a friend of mine can be instresting to those place.
increasing.
The situation of energy we have to confront become worse and worse.
So we must be up against it and try to rescue it.
Some people believe that we should save resources as far as we can in order to extend the ues of time .
As far as I am concerned, its our obligation to save energy, meanwhile, the government should exploit new energy to solve the energy problem.
We are often faced with different kinds of crises in our daily life.
Different people have the different response.
The crisis is to our life what the illness is to our body.
Some huge diseases may destroy our body, even end our lives, but what's more, we can overcome diseases.
As students, we may be faced with a lot of crises.
At that time, we may feel worried about how to solve all these crises.
If you ask me, I must say I will hold on until I solve the crises.
I will believe that I can address the crises.
When I was in my secondary school, my Chinese teacher told me that no matter what kind of difficulty I am confronting, I should believe myself and smile.
Some people say 'the only thing we can do in the face of a recession is to let it run its course and do nothing'.
If we do nothing, we must be losers and we will never have the sense of victory.
It seems to me that we should not be afraid of confronting the crises.
Crises sometimes contributes to our life in a way that few can imagine.
It can make us strong enough to face ourselves when we feel weak.
At first, we must calm down and encourage ourselves.
The 2014 World Cup hold in Brazilian, It is a grand play for all the soccer fans all over the world.
My favorite team is the Germany Team.
Founded in 1930 with just 13 teams, the tournament now attracts from more than 140 countries and 32 teams can play World Cup.
When the match begins, I hope I can watch it.
But if I am busy study the I will not watch.
I hope the Chinese Team can do well in the 2018 World Cup.
Because China has never win a World Cup before.
Tom and Sam are good friends.
They have a lot in common.
For example Sam is taller than Tom.
But Tom is thinner than Sam.
In the aspect of personality, Sam is funnier than Tom.
But Tom is more friendly than Sam.
And they both like sports.
Tom is better at running than Sam.
So Tom often wins.
And they both get up early every day.
Each one has his good points.
With the development of technology, the use of computer is becoming more and more.
so people use it play games.
select information and so on.
Second, internation contact between two mind.
After three weeks of school, I have more feeling about my teachers.
My first impression of her is strict.
But to my surised, she is very kind and energtic.
She usually wave her hands when she feel excited.
But sometimes, she feeels angry with our homework.
The teacher is my first know is Mrs Bai.
She is our math teacher, but also is our classleader.
She is very kind and panitent.
But when she serious, nobody dare to say a word unless she asks us to.
Most of our class really appreciate her because her teaching is so well organised and clear.
We all like her very much.
Different people may have different views about the way of how to enhance our sense of happiness.
For dancers, to dance is the way; For kids, to play is the way ; For winners, to win is the way; For the students , to get a better grands is the way.
Because when our dreams come ture, we may feel very happily.
Of course, as a medicinal student , I think health is the precondition to enhance it .
In order to enhance our sense of happiness, we must enrich our knowledges and get a heaithy body to realize our dreams.
The problem of Diaoyu Island is focused on by HongKong and Macao compatriots, TaiWan compatriots and overseas Chinese in the long term.
It is all Chinese people's common position that Diaoyu Island is China's inherent territory from ancient to now.
China is determined to protect state sovereignty and territorial integrity firmly.
The compatriots on both sides are consistent when we preserve national interest and dignity safeguard.
HongKong, Macao and Taiwan compatriots and overseas Chinese at home and abroad organize activities in all sorts to preserve Diaoyu Island's territorial sovereignty and express Chinese people's justice position.
    I don't know you please walk away.
Maybe l will be living somewhere completely different.
What's more, l will finish my school work.
I will be a doctor or work in a hospital.
Eventually, l will go on vacation with my family in my holidays.
Eventually, l can take an exercise every day.
For example swimming, running and so on.
And the some time it also can deepen the feeling between two people as in real life .
But some people can't accept it , they say that you can exchange your idea to each other and it surely can deepen your feeling but it can't replace the communication in real life .
The Internet provides them with a broad space, in which they can talk freely and find the one they love .
She said it was some kind of a test.
As people living standard rise shanghai's urban houseband spending in the very big chance .
roughly divided into.
Enrertainment.
Diet Education.
Medical.
There are other.
Through comparing the 1980.1990.2000years spending.
Can see the obvious.
Clothingand foodand spending less and less.
More and more entertainment spending.
Health spending more and more.
More and more education spending.
There are many reasons why i feel these changes in spending proportion.
For example.
the environment is more and more poor .
people eating urban lead to many medicial accidents.
Traffic increasingly perfect also creats a lot of traffic accidents.
Today people wilee enjoy more and more .
people's education level was improved .
people's education spending also will increase .
these changes on personally i feel it is not good .
Because more and more money to spend on the medical shows that people's physical quality is more and more bad .
For society is not a very good .
The entertaintion of social environment .
Social traffic chaos.
The society as a whole .
the whole city is in a state of instability .
You may hate me today, however, one day you will thank me.
  Honest advice, though unpleasant to the ear, benefits conduct.
Mr.
Reading and practice is like building a house.
The house was built and the higher the ground is more strong, but reading is the foundation of practice, practice is the cover of high-rise buildings.
From what has been discussed above, we can draw the conclusion: reading and practice of learning are as important as.
It's extremely significant to greate a conservation-oriented campus.create a conservation-oviented has many reasons.
Firstly, on campus there are many wasting phenomenon, such as wasting water.
Secondly, it has many significant.
It can make our campus life more friendly and pretty.
In order to create a conservation-oviented campus, we can carry out a variety of activities, such as speech contest to let more students take part in this activity.
So they can realize this phenomenon.
Now there is a strange phenomenon that someone fall on the road, but no one to help .
I think that most people didn't help others in need because they were afraid of meet liar.
English writing is very difficult for me, and it makes me very headache, so I dislike English writing.
Second, the grammar is very poor for me, a lot of cannot used and often make miss take.
Third, there are many topics I do not know what to write and how to express myself mind, and I should write anything, many people told me, you should read many articles and remember some sentences and paragraphs, you can use them in articles.
Nowadays, the cities become more crowded with the sharp increasing population.
Meanwhile, ti is the excessive exploitation that makes the soil barren.
The cutting of forests as well as the lack of water are also enormous problems.
Furthermore, the air pollution has gone from bad to worse all over the world.
We must face the situation that exists and take actions to solve our environmental problems.
For this practice many people have different opinions, the majority of people believe that spare time should not be curtilage at home.
Because of work and study are remarkably busy at ordinary times.
And, pressure is extremely substantial.
So, in his spare time to go out to play or exercise should be a down and relax and breathe the fresh air.
Second, we visited the plantation.
We saw many hares in the plantation.
They were very lovely.
At about a quarter to ten, we went fishing by the lake.
My father like fishing very much, so he caught many fish.
Nest, we had a short respite in the Plantation Hotel.
Our company has won a largre export order, so we have to talk to foreigners.
We will organize foreign language training after work from November 1st for some of you whose foreign language is poor.
During my high school life, I had a good English teacher.
She had a strong influence on me.
She is friendly and helpful.
Not only does she has a good command of the knowledge of English, but also she has unique teaching methods.
She always teaches us some English games in class in order to make the lessons lively.
Today I am a freshman , I have officially began to my college life.
I look forward to having an excellent English teacher.
My ideal college English teacher must have high academic mastery and rich knowledge.
In addition, she also should explain more of the knowledge of the society.
What's more, she can encourage us to make out-class reading and teach us how to study by ourselves.
Also, I want to learn more Enlish knowledge from our college English teacher.
I want to polish up my English and speak English fluently.
Throughout the process of growth, we are accustomed to depending on our parents.
Whatever we desire and however difficult it is to obtain, our parents will manage to fulfill.
However radiating light and heat as they are like the sun, our parents are growing old.
No doubt, this phenomenon should disappear.
As far as I'm concerned, university students mostly aged over 18 should be regarded as adults.
We may develop our interests which we cannot think it or dare to play it.
The exam-oriented education is always the chinese educational's sadness .
Perhaps this is the accurate colleague life.
As we all know, online shopping has been more and more popular in the past few years.
Online shopping, as a new way of shopping, has been changing people's life.
People have different opinions on it.
Some people support it in that they think online shopping really promotes our lives.
It is exceedingly convenient to shopping online.
Just click the mouse, pay for what they tend, then wait instead of going outside for something needed.
As the saying goes, each coin has two sides.
There are also many people who don't like online shopping.
They have their reasons.
The first one, they cannot see the actual things online, just some pictures, and they don't know if the goods are of promising quality.
From my point of view, online shopping is exactly a new thing which is changing our lives.
On the one hand, it is exceedingly convenient and cheap.
On the other hand, if we were addicted to online shopping, we would waste lots of time and money on it.
In addition, when we're waiting for what we bought online, we may not concentrate on what we are doing.
Albert Einstein is one of the most famous scientists in the world.
And he love mathematics.
He was born in Vlm, Germany,1879.
What's more, he didn't speak until he was three.
He had the idea of his theroy of relativity when he was 16.
Besides, he studied physics in Zurich, Switzerlard.
Quickly, he published the special theroy of relativity in 1915.
He awarded Nobel Prize for physics in 1921 as well.
He left Germany when Hitler came to power and went to work in the US.
Hallo miss Liu.
My name is Y. I hope you still memorize me.
I come from X.
I was born in 1993 this year i am 22 years old.
I work for a few years after graduating from high school.
Than i want to continue to learn professional konwledge, so i come back to university.
In my freetime, i usually play basketball with my friend .
I want to be a professional basketball player when i was still in high school, but i am not high enough.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order, some people whose foreign language is bad.
The course will start at 9:00am in the conference room.
He often plays basketball with other boys after class or in P.
Who give you console, who give you know, when you feel sad.
Who will accompany you tears, and who will accompany you face, when you lose hope.
She is always insignificant, no look behind, no one care about her out does not appear.
But often there is a love the most easily we ignored, it is not little or ordinary, because selfless, so pure, always and we were like peas and carrots that we too used to it and don't take it seriously.
We laugh at them the old ideas and the old practices.
But they are tolerant, kind, appreciating for us.
They give us good--to excellent care, pay attention to us bit by bit.
When we grew order, we gradually to know we were childish and fault.
As the rapid development of economy, more and more private cars are occurred in many family.
Firstly, many private cars may produce a lot of carbon dioxide, which is harmful to our environment.
In the summer vacation, I found a job as a sales-woman.
Sales is the common work but it also difficult to do.
At the first day, I have known some rules about sales.
  Secondly, you need to learn new skills for our products to sell well.
From the job, I know that I should do everything to use my initiative.
If you don't know how to sell, you can ask for your manager.
Don't worry about the answer that you can't understand.
The experience is exciting.
Learning tolerance is one of the most difference between human and animal.
With the remarkable growth of the population, we have to get in touch with these people.
If we want to get along well with someone, wo would learn to tolerance the shortcomings of other.
In spite of one may have controversy with others in some aspects, he thought of the thing standing the point of others' view , finally , he was compatible with others .
Three passions, from the past to the future, have never leaved my mind: the search for knowledge, the ambition for career, the enjoyment of my own family.
As a member of human being, actually, kowledge is the rarest treasure for me.
The process of learning knowledge is toilsome but enjoyable.
What's more, the mastery of knowledge gives me confidence and ability in daily life.
With equal passion I have sought ambition.
To be honest, personaly speaking, having an ambition in my career is more than set a goal, but bring more passion.
The last but not the least, Familial affection have occupied a large place in my mind.
It was nearly 7:00pm when I got to the bus station.
Buffeted by the wind, I felt the wind was bone chilling .
To my surprise, the bus was nearly full, when I was pushed into the bus , I couldn't even move my fingers.
It take time to get to the repair centre, what's more, the process is a hard trail.
In my time of sadness, the bus stopped suddenly.
''Said the woman softly.
Suddenly, I felt a warm spring running in my heart.
Words can't express my thanks to her, sometimes, a little help will bring much warmth to other people.
Always fantasy when I graduated from high school and what si a university.
The university life is what king of.
And now.
I have already stepped into the college life.
began to plan my college life.
I want to a meaning college students deseve what is different for everyone.
A meaningful college life and should be listening to lectures, class every day seriously complete the teacher the assignment.
and then is very serious and crazy to play with my friends.
This is my university life.
For AIDS, I still know less, just know that it is a deadly virus and it is through the blood and sex to spread.
I know its harm is so major.
In video, Those children are so thin and so sympathetic.
Because in Africa, they never get treatment even can not ensure nutrition, then many people dead.
In our country, AIDS can get treatment but them are group that are discrimination.
This is Jim.
He's thirty-five.
He is a teacher.
He's tall.
This is Jim's daughter.
She is a student.
She's a clever girl and she is good beautiful.
This is her mother.
She's thirty-seven.
She's a doctor.
When I was surfing on the Internet, my father came in and said  go to bed early  to me.
But I didn't care about it.
The second time when my father looked me again, I still stayed up and stared at the screen.
He became a bit angry so I promised to sleep soon.
As a result something broke out.
Recently, With the development of the music.
More and more people are interested in music.
The music has become one of the important part of our daily life.
Secondly, They also enioy the music when they are go for a walk in the park at night.
Thirdly, People like to listen to music when they are sad.
Because some happy songs can cheer them up.
As college students, who have much time in their free time, so we should make full use of our time.
To take participate in social practice activities is a good choice.
, which can broaden our horizons and enrich our knowledge.
But it is important that we should be carefully in the social practice.
The society is very complicated, every things may happened.
We must learn how to protect ourselves.
It's true that most of us value honesty highly.
I think that we should be honest because being honest is not only beneficial to ourselves but also to others and the whole society.
For example, the JiaoYulu, who was a man that made great contribution for peoples in LanKao.
Firstly, only honest people can be truly respected by others and can make more friends over a long period of time.
Secondly, honesty, which is the traditional virture of the Chinese people, can make our life easier and more harmonious.
Thirdly, honesty can make our society more stable.
Some professors think students go to college not only to study some skills of their specialization in their subject, but also to be exposed to some of the ideas of mankind.
At the end of their course they meant to reach for a scroll that would read Bachelor of Science or Arts.
It would not read: Qualified Technician.
In my opinion, I'm sure, the mankind's spirit is more important than professional skills, because mankind's spirit could improve the quality of our own culture.
We know as a civilized person, individual accomplishment is very important.
If you lack mankind's spirit, you are neither a well-educated human nor a useful citizen of modern society.
So a better college education is not only to train you, but also to put you in touch with what the best human minds have thought.
First of all , I think, we classified different positions so that visitors can find their jobs quickly and the jobs they find suit them well at the same time.
In order to increase the number to visiting the website , I think we should classify the positions more detailly .
The sun is laying in the solar system which seems calm from the surface, but inside.
It's nearly five in the morning and the light will start a new day's work.
exercise, watching English movies and so on.
ourselves.
Here i have some suggestion.
You'd better choose the activities which you are interested in and which are good for you .
In a word, please take part in some activities after class.
I was in Hainan two weeks ago.
If someone gets the virus, he will have a fever and a terrible stomachache.
I knew why I often had a fever then.
It is not a way to protect myself from getting the virus, but a reason.
Normally school education aims to cultivate students' abilities to learn and think.
But mor and more people realize that without the cultivation of moral norms and ethics, we can hardly expect a society to be nice enough for leading a harmonious life.
Character education plays an important role in the development of future society.
It meets the need of emamphemf sizing and developing the students' all-round qualities.
In the long run, it protects students from being selfish, indifferent, conceited as well as important in their daily lives.
The college students hardly go out dormitories.
Insteadly, they are absorbed in the network, we can see a bunch of guys holding the telephone or compute tightly every time, chatting on the Internet, going surfing, watching the shows and so on.
College students should take part in social practice actively.
it not only give us exercise.
In my point of view, college is a turning point, it is a small society, we can make preparations abundantly.
our lives are changing many great changs.
in the past 10 years, through the reform and opening up, economic rapid development.
But in these changes, i think the internet is widely used in the life the biggest change.
With the development of economy, the computer has enter many family, people use computers more and more younger.
They through the network chat, meet friends, entertainment, pay attention to the change of the world with news.
The net, do not go out to choose goods for themselves.
Government was aware of the power of the web.
It's well known that Details determine success or failure.
It's really ridiculous that we ignore the smallest things instead of worrying the things unrealistic and far away from us.
they will watch tv however will play computer games and my friends.
Day three, we will go to grandparent's home.
Will have a family dinner.
Have very many delicious food.
And family together to celebrate the Spring Festival is my greatest happiness.
In my opinion, if you take the bank loans, you should study hard to repay the society.
When i first got in touch with the instructional medium, .
i have doubted how effective the teaching method is.
the instructional medium also required me to rethinking how I deliver the subject matter.
My shy dought gave me very big inspiration.
The online class begun which is better than my expect.
The students followed directions well and the discussion version was very lively.
I noticed it seemed to work better with students who were very comfortable with the computer and willing to become part of a community built around the subject matter.
An old man tumbled on the road accidentally, but passerby was hesitating about giving the old man hand.
We are pleased to inform you that we have packed the captioned goods referring the Sales Confirmation No.
J-29.
Your goods will be shipped by S.
Pearl and they will be transhipped by S.
Mayflower  .
This agreement is about cost and ocean freight to come to a deal.
The internet play a very important role in our daylife .
Everyday thousands people play it wity the help of the net you can get many useful imformations.
you can make friends with differents people , you can ask the help or questions the answer and so on.
Every coin has two side, on the other hand, most people and teachers think it is a bad things to play computer.
They think it is a waster of times and money.
This book is more than a book on creative thinking.
As a matter of fact, most impressive to me is the 13th chapter of  Better of your subconscious mind  .
After reading this book, I became more confident as creative person.
In addition, Subconscious can determine to a large extent, our life, our life choices and control of life events.
On the hand, it can relieve their financial burden, because they don't earn money why the reason they use they parent's income.
As for as I am concerned, I think it is a good idea .
What's more, it can spend more time together and communication with each other.
There is still a long way for us to promoted in college, but as a student myself, I find it rewarding and interesting.
I always exercise.
With the popularity and development of the Internet, more and more people do shopping online.
Compared to buying in the stores, shopping on the Internet has a lot of advantages.
On the one hand, it is convenient and comfortable for us.
People can buy everything they want on the Internet.
Shopping on the Internet is doubled-edgedsword.
It also has its disadvantages.
The first disadvantage is that the consumers can't see the goods.
Sometimes, the real goods may not be the same as what they have seen on the computer.
The second is that some shops on the Internet are not registered.
They will never deliver anything to you after they get the money from you.
So I think we should pay more attention shopping on the Internet .
We can buy some low-price things and we must give the money to the owner until receive the thing what we buy.
Daming makes a plan of it.
First, he gets up and gargles at half past eight.
Fifteen minutes passed, it's time to have a healthy breakfastand then do his homework carefully from nine o'clock to half past ten.
And do some exercise inthe garden until eleven thirty.
At twelve o'clock, he has decilious lunch.
In the afternoon, he has a computer lessons or English lessons in two hours.
He read many kinds of books from four PM to six PM.
At six thirty, he has a little dinner and then searches for information or wacth his favourite in one hour.
He puts away things until nine o'clock.
He goes to bed at nine thirty.
As we know, many famous stars have experienced this, and they received a lot of damages.
Learning together for three years.
Liang shan bo don't know Zhu is a girl, Zhu ying tai for receiving a letter from home.
Let her hurry back, but her inconvenient the reasons why.
Liang shan bo after informed, and hurriedly go.
Ma wen cai to wed, but Zhu ying tai was white mourning dress, when after Liang shan bo tomb, the tomb burst suddenly, so she jumped in the grave, then tomb is closed again.
It is said that the reason why a great man is great is that he resolves to be a great man.
I'm also eager for success when I was a little girl.
To begin with, I must keep a conscious mind.not only should I realize what's my strength, but also my weakness.
Second, I should acquire the A higher cultural quality.
whether one person is successful or not, related tightly to the standard of education.
The well-education is vital to the whole life of someone.
Third, imagination and creation are immense important tome.
if I want to be successful , I should set a goal to myself.
Before I have my ideal goal, I should have many reasonable imaginations.
For instance, there are two people would like to clamber mountain, one person's aime is to reach the peak of Mount Everest, the other person wants to get the top of 4000 high mountain.
During their endeavor, the two people live up to their faith.
No doubt that the first one person does better than the latter one, because the latter one must be regret not to choose the higher mountain, and he doesn't take advantage of his potential.once he decides to have a change, there is no opportunity waiting for him.
As for us mankind, we can't change our decisions in our half of a lifetime.
Forth, the active attitude is necessary.
Your appearance is the illustration of your expression, while your expression will betray your feelings.
