Your come from wenzhou will be highly appreciated.
College life just likes twinkle stars shining in my heart.
Generally speaking , we are supposed to have a good command of new skill in college.
So, I hope that I can try my best to learn it well and put it into practice freely.
In addition , as we all know, life without friends just like life without sunshine.
So, I am looking forward to sharing a pure friendship.
In the club , I have the chance to pursuit what I am longing for.
For instance , I will take part in the dancing club to satisfy my dancing dream .
However, pain and happiness are accompanied during the time.
I am afraid of the conflict between the working and my study.
And I am obsessed with fears of my ability .
Although, I often tell myself that my fitness for the job should not be questioned .
With the development of the society, especially the advanced technique, this brings enormous rubbish and makes dust and atmospheric moisture.
In connection with life trash, such as abandoned batteries, plastic sack and paper, we should make full use of them or recycling instead of throwing them everywhere.
In short, we have to spare no effort to protect the environment.
To love is to be human .
To need love is also to be human .
All of us in the world will love and to be love .
All of us has someone we love most .
She teaches what I can do and put all her energy on the family .
When I will went to college she help clean up every thing I need .
and told me to took care of myself .
Love of is like the moon .
when it close not increase it .
At our the fast development and informantionzation time, we have our own thinks.
Yes, we crave in the handset computer and so on the high tech.
We like in the network roaming through.
Occasionally also can indulge in the game.
Some people said 90 is the brain is remnant.
But more and more people think we are selfish and no sense of responsibility of the pronoun.
as our generation, we have many responsibilities but we just have tow hands so we have to take care of many people in one time.
In the social .
we have know only a litte about the interpersonal relationship and other social rules .
AS we know, the happiest thing is playing more and morn the important role in our daily life.
However, all coins has two sides.
First, the great chance has taken place to my hometown.
With the development of the city, my hometown will become more and more beautiful.
Second, with the teacher's help, my studies had great progress.
I think it is the best way to improve my study.
I believe that hard work, great progress is taking place to me, which happiest thing happened to me.
Third, my happiest that I have a good friend.
I had a friend when I was sad, he sad either.
Meanwhile, we have happiest each together.
It is my good friends, he always help me.
AS far as I can see, the happiest things is my life.
Such as, healthy, happy, friend and so on.
I am very glad to appreciate that some happiest things happened to me.
Only in this way, can I happy.
I was so happy.
A great change is now taking place in higher education, because more and more students can evaluate their taeachers'education, which can make the education effective improved.
Because they believe teachers can make a good condition for students to study and students should be asked establish a view of right and wrong.
As far as I can see, I think Students'Evaluation of Teachers is necessary.
I think it's a good measure to improve the education effectiveness.
For example, when students feel their grade are not become better, and they can give some advice to their teachers based on their questions from studying.
After that teachers should know the emphasis what they can give to the students.
Please stay.
We can find love everywhere, and it is pure and precious.
I also discover the wonderful love around me.
She is really a great and nice woman I think.
She loves me very much.
Every morning she gets up quietly and early to prepare breakfast for me.
I often feel the love from it.
She always gives me encouragement which helps me become better and makes me more confident.
Mother's love affects me.
While many people believe that in order to improve educational quality continuously, students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches, I doubt that.
Because the respect for teachers and discipline is pretty critical in class.
I don't suppose query teachers during the class is the effective way to improve educational quality.
Are their comments or criticism really meaningful .
The ideas and questions maybe the consequence of immature understanding of the theory that teacher try to demonstrate.
Moreover, the comments in class will suspend teacher's mentality which will be of no good for teachers to get back to their previous presentation.
I am glad to introduce my hometown to you.
I live in a city named X, which is located by the Yangtze River.
The scenery here is fasinating, and the history is very long.
I will take you climb the mountain of T, which is a well known for poet of Li Bai.
Also, I will show you around the museum in memory of M.
People today are living in a society with much faster pace than ever before.
Human beings always face many problems.
On the one hand, people produce severe pollution to nature.
We can not breath the fresh air and see the clean sky like before.
On the other hand, the society that we living now is jeopardize people's daily life.
We need a healthy life.
However, we facing a lot of questions.
First of all, we should use loe carbon electricity .
Then we should pay attention to save the natural resources and recycle them.
A friend of mine in response to a conversation we were having about the injustices of life .
Her question was a good one.
It reminded me of something I was taught as a young ster.
When I walked into the campus, I was conquered by the beauty of it.
At the same time, I met a girl who also likes the campus.
We took part in the sport meeting.
From then on, sport meeting became my favorite activity.
About my first teacher, she is Mr li.
She is very kind and wise.
My best friend is Lucy.
In the old days, I accepted too many concerns from seniors, and with time going by, I am not a freshman now.
I can understand their fear and nervousness.
At the moment, freshmen don't be afraid, firstly, you should face the strange environment with a new eye and adjust it as soon as possible.
Secondly, if you want to study better, you should combine your study with a necessary rest.
For example, you can take some parties or go to KTV with your classmates or friends.
Thirdly, when you play, don't take your study or work into consideration, just relax yourself.
For one thing, learning English is a great way in which we can get well prepared for the future.
As we all know, nowadays competition among college students to get a job is quite intense and English would have an advantage in the competition.
For another, English, now, is an international language.
It is used wildly all around the world and has something to do with our daily lives.
Nowadays, the rapid development of science and technology has brought about great changes to hum a life.
Firstly, science and technology has brought a lot of advantages to us .
conduct academic interaction.
And it makes people competent, helps people have efficiency to fulfill the work.
Secondly, it also causes some disadvantages.
For example, some.
electronic products charge too high, people can not afford.
Nowadays, people always chase of material, such as wealth, fame and so on.
But material can't replace some things.
In my opinion, we should read a lot of classics, the more classics you read, the more knowledge you get.
We read classics to get what we want.
Classics have always been our good friends indeed because they are constantly in need.
Read classics, this is a way to know more about the world.
The reason is that our knowledge is not enough, so we have to read a lot of classical that let us know more.
As a student, I must read a lot of classics, and we should love it, we should treat it correctly.
Nowadays, with many college students spending a lot of time indulging on the Internet, people are becoming increasingly aware of the significance of the Internet.
From my point of view, the Internet not only can provide convenience, but also can keep an intimate relationship with others.
So to say, the Internet doesn't isolate us from one another.
One of the primary causes is that the Internet can provide the latest information for us, so that we can know what have happened currently.
For instance, if we want to know some information, we just search online.
Another reason that can be seen by every person is that the Internet can make us keep close to our friends even though we live in different cities.
Taking into account of all these factors, we may draw the conclusion that the Internet can benefit us a lot if we take advantage of it reasonably.
It won't keep us away from the real world but keep close to each other.
Studying abroad for the vast number of middle school students of the boom, society has a different view.
First of all, the advantages of studying abroad is a good language environment , more conducive to llanguage learning.
Then, expanding their horizons, learning foreign advanced science and technology.
The most important thing is can strengthen the culture.
But there are other people have different views.
They think young lack of life experience selfcare ability is poor.
Nest, friends and family members don't feel lonely and homesick.
However, I have some different views.
These are both easy and can be a good way to learn Chinese.
Third, you can go to make a Chinese friend.
I was born in a small village, my mother and father are husbandman.
From the cartoon we can see, there are four persons sitting at the desk, they are holding a cell phone in the bow to play with the phone.
Today, with the development of high-technology, we can get approach to a great variety of high-tech products, such as computer, digital cameras and so on.
Our life have been changed by the high-tech, we lived in a fast-pace world.
Cell phone mold our life deeply.
Everyone owns it.
First, cell phone contains radioactivity which ached person's body.
Today, more and more people die of cancer, the main reason is that the high-tech products radiate their bodies, in the long run, the bodies get sick.
Cell phone is one of such products, it hurts our bodies as long as we practice it.
Second, cell phone distracts our attention about discovering the beauty of life.
We've had a discussion about whether many university students should be spent much money.
Most of the students are in favour of it.
Here are the reasons.
Firstly, improving the living standards consumption, also follow up.
Secondly, willing to spend money in improving their skills.
However, the other is strongly against it.
Their reasons are as follows.
In the first place, we all use our parents' money, also we won't make money.
What's more, this will form a peer, not conducive to healthy growth.
Personally speaking, we should take good money, saving worry for the parent.
Maybe as an English learner, We should find more and more good ways to learn our english well.
Enterest is our best teacher.
First of all, We have to remember lost of words .
It's the most importasnt step.
secondly , You ought to read english books and newspapers everday.
Then you can watch the english movies which is the fastest way that can help you lean quickly.
At last , If you have chance .
I think you should tallk with forengers.
To support our schooling, he works very hard and tries his best earning money.
My father goes to work in despite nasty weather.
Every night, he comes back home with exhaustion.
When I had studied at senior middle school, my father always came to my room to say some words to help me .
When I eat, he always looks at me quietly aside.
He never smokes in front of us.
Smoking has not only an effect on the body but also costs money .
As a student, I don't get into the habit of smoking.
We don't hurt ourselves by smoking.
Look at your surround, many teenagers who think the habit is fashionable closed with cigarettes.
However, if you obverse carefully, you will discover a phenomenon that person smoked has a cough, pneumonia or cancer.
Therefore, cigarettes are so poisonous that it kills its friends who always smoke.
Maybe, someone has pressure so that him/her smokes to lynx.
As far as I'm concerned, we don't smoke in order to our own health .
Life may be many things to many people.
Some may see it as money while others may view it as love.
My understanding of life is bound up with three major factors.
Firstly, life is so mysterious and wonderful that I can't wait to go on it.
Secondly, There are also many challenges .
I think we are improving ourselves step by step when overcoming the challenges.
Most of all, during this trip, there are a lot of temptations, such as love, money and so on.
But we can't stop.
We must insist on it.
Nowadays, what can we see is well-designed pastic bags in the shop, especially in boutique and supermarket .
Such as, when you buy a friend a birthday gift.
It must be well-packaging .
The giift will be packaging with a box, a colorful paper and a paper flower.
When you buy a moon cake, it could be package with two pastic bag, a paper a numenuVD and a pastic box.
On the one hand, the bosses want to draw customers attention to show and sell his goods.
As far as i can see, Packaging just a la-gout of different goods.
It cannot stand for quality.
When the goods are pruduted.
The quality cannot change any more.
What's more, excessive packaging is a waste of social resources.
If we want to stop this trend.
The goverment should launch a public education to let the public save resources.
In the meaning, if the action is to be practised, citizens of certain territory needed to be informed, for the sites of historical interest, as a matter of fact, are public asset.
With the remarkable improvement of people's living standard, the munber of people using cell phone is increasing.
In our daily life, cell phone not only bring us convenient and efficient, but also entertainment.
Some people think that the modern people spend much time on palying cell phone which causes barrier between people.
As far as I'm concerned, we should turn off our cell phone.
Although cell phone can bring entertainment, it aslo are able to hurt our bodies, because using cell phone for a long time will produces radiation which is harmful to our heathy.
X is my family name.
My father and my mother like music extremely.
In China, people with a  gong    shang    jue    zhi    yu  to name, the temperament.
Intitule five sounds  .
  6  in the Cuiness Symbol of harmony, smooth, and good luck.
Today we have become university students, so we are faced with a question , whether academic performance is more important than communication.
Some students think that academic performonce is more important.
However, some people have the opinion which is that communication ability is more important.
In their mind, university students should have the ability to adjust to the society.
As far as i'm concerned, we are required to make the balance between academic performance and communication ability.
In one hand, we need academic knowledge to develop ourselves.
In the other hand , we should learn how to communication with others as well.
Only own both two abilities can we develop our future.
As we can see from the vivid picture, many children are listening to their teacher.
In their minds, these kind of stuff is useless for them to find a job.
Today, this phenomenon maybe common for us to see, some people pay their attention to high-level field and ignore some basic skills.
But when indeed go to the job market one day, they will find the requirements from some companies are far more higher than their abilities, and the competition is extremely fierce, which make them under the big pressure.
It's a virtue for one to aim high, but the achievement lies in your own ability and your own diligence.
With a proverb going like this, without small streams, there would be no oceans.
When I was a twelve-year-old boy, I when to The Great Wall with my father.
When we got there, I see the sky was very blue, the air was very fresh, and the mountain went around we.
This The Great Wall is the Steepest one.
We climbed The Great Wall until the forth Beacon tower.
The environment around me was very beautiful, so we stoped to have a relax and eat some bread, and we took a lot of photo.
Recently a spotlight shone on entertainment celebrities' private lives.
Showbiz stars abusing drugs and soliciting prostitutes were meted out harsh punishment.
They were sentenced, meanwhile, and were suspended from public viewing.
Firstly, everyone has mistake.
We don't think the person who is a celebrity can be treat different from ordinary person.
The ultimate goal is not to punish the wrongdoers but to make sure they don't repeat their offenses.
It's too harsh to have their careers abruptly terminated.
Secondly, celebrities who have made mistakes could play a positive role in educating the public not to make the same mistakes.
Thirdly, they don't need to suffer additional punishment.
In conclusion, to a showbiz star, having their works suspended indefinitely from public viewing is as good as a death sentence for their carees.
People who propose the same punishments for each type of crime have their sound reasons.
Furthermore, Justice could do decision with their personal emotion result from an unclear standard in constitution existing.
Without fixed punishments for each type of crime, it is hard for judge to make a decision in court.
Moreover, many lawyers equipped high professional knowledge could distort the thing which their employers did actually.
If that is the case, wealthy people have priority to escape the punishment.
It is unfair obviously because needy people cannot afford the cost of recruiting a attorney.
Yet many people who are against to this propose insist their viewpoint.
Constitution, according to their opinion, is to protect the rights and freedom of human.
And that is the reason why it remains for centuries.
Therefore, punishments should base on individual conditions.
As a illustration, a female student killed a man when the man wanted to rape her.
As for me, I tend to support the latter opinion because the function of constitution is to protect rights of people and to make our life more beautiful.
We set out at 9:00 am, and returned at 3:00pm.
went to our destination on feet.
Durning this way, we ran, chatted and sang songs.
When we returned to our dormitory, we were so tired that could not get up until the second day's noon.
Through this activity, we had a better chance to understand each other.
And it was helpful for our friendship.
Even we would have contradictions in our daily life, we could solve them by ourselves.
He was always full of dissatisfaction to our modern world, even when he was in the prison.
Finally, Kaczynski's brother found out the clue and he made the decision to take his concerns to FBI.
Kaczynski complain that the prosecutors had distorted his motive and beliefs.
People always believe that silence is gold, and an idiom also says this sentence.
So, many people often keep silence in the meetings, classes and so on.
But nowadays, I consider that this thought is not very suitable.
  I totally agree with the speaker, because I think that you must take the initiative to catch the opportunity, or others may take it away.
So, keeping silence is not a wise way in this world.
Therefore, silence is not always gold.
listening skills , the more importanct.
Failure is a common thing and not a stranger to life.
  I can't stand the competition and failure  , which many people said that find excuses for myself.
As a matter of fact, no person succeeds all the time.
As a coin has two sides.
People have different attitudes towards failure.
On the one hand, people are afraid of failure that they can not bear the blow and try not best to make progress to succeed.
At the same time, they are afraid that the failure of work will rob them of happiness and do them harmfulness both the physically and mentally-it called  pessimism  .
In my opinion, we aren't afraid of failure.
In fact, unless it gets out of control, and to give purpose and make significance to an otherwise meaningless, idle life.
When people meet failure tends to express their full range of potential, which aim of our life.
What's more, failure is a natural part of everyday life and there is no way to avoid it.
What we can do to develop our adaptive abilities to deal with it rather than escape from it.
In other words, it is important that remember the proverb, where there is a will, there is a way.
In our school, there are various kinds of sports and cultural study clubs that students may join.
Students are free to choose the clubs they are particularly interested in.
For example, I like dance very much, so I take part in the dance club.
Over there I can build my body and free myself from the heavy work of study.
And at the same time I can also make some new friends who have the same interest with me.
In addition, I join the English corner.
We always watch some interesting English movies together in the free time.
Here I have some suggestions about how to choose the activites.
First, you'd better choose the activities which interest you and suit you.
As we know, since we achieve the great development in the domain of food productivity, many countries have got rid of famine.
The food is ample, however, the knowledge of healthy diet is in a terribly shortage.
For the first time, we have the freedom to choose what we eat, or how many we eat.
As far as I am concerned, to solve this problem, first of all, it is quiet a necessity for us to learn more about healthy diet.
To have some better dietary habits and have a better diet structure can improve our healthy condition.
Nowadays more and more young people leave their parents, their homes to work for their own jobs.
The mobile phones offer us so many convenient.
For example, it is easy for us to contect with our parents and friends by using mobile phone.
It also can give us more fun.
But there is also some disadvantages.
Second, after using the ppt during the class, it also can make the students don't pay attentions to the class.
As a senior high school students, I think it is necessary for us to use mobile phones.
It not only can build the friendship between students, but also can let us know more knowledges beyond the class.
In my opinion, we should use mobile phone temperatly.
We can't let it do bad for our study.
We suppose to use it make our study more efficient.
In the other way, we shouldn't use it for long time, because it is bad for our health.
About 7 o'clock, the colour of sky deepened, and west street has become lively.
When we went to a pub there are many western people and they told us there is a party  and warmly invite us to joined in their party and we dance and laugh.
Nowadays environmental pollution is one of the most serious problem.
The environmental pollution are bring many social issues, one of the gradually significant issues is global climate warming, the decrease in the number of animals and desertization.
On account of the economy growth many factories is being seting, private cars are becoming normally.
His outward appearance is stout and cold.
Besides, we also make resolution for the New Year, such as I will help more at home and make progress at school.
She is a girl with bright big eyes.
Her hair is jet-blacked and straight.
She is tall and fairskinned.
She has a very pleasant smile and she always has a twinkle in her eye.
When she laughs, we see her even teeth.
I Still remembered that one day I felt very upset.
Because I didn't pass my math exam.
I just sitted in the classroom with tears in my eyes.
At that time, Mary came into the classroom.
She sittd next to me quitely.
Just hold my hands, and told me that she would always be there.
Her hands and words let me felt a warmth from within .
I opened my mouth and also my heart to her.
I told her that I didn't know why I couldn't understand what the teacher were saying.
When I was at my math class , I felt I went into the wrong classroom.
What really despairs me was others' ridicule.
Mary said to me it just was a small failure, I should take it easy and cheer up.
What's more, form that day she helped me with my math every day.
Regardless of wind and rain, she never give up.
I feel so lucky to have a friend like Mary.
In recent day, there are mary merchandise which packaging is excessive in the supermarket.
Especially in some traditional festivals like Mid-autumn Festival that need mooncake.
As we can see, it is widespread in the marker the moon-cake packaging in variety of delicate wrapping paper.
Maybe it has two reasons to illustrate these phenomena from the development of society.
To begin with, it satisfied the requirement of people who prefer to give others a presents showing their enthusiasm.
In my eyes, the excessive package is inadvisable, because it unfriendly in the environment after open the package.
It is unnecessary to show a delicate appearance for a while then wasting lot of wrapper which more expensive.
I've already grown up.
You are still a brat.
I want to learn to play guitar.
  Well.
I have to tell you I will stick to my own choice, no matter what other people say.
  My God.
Graduatiao for us, is no longer far away.
As the saying goes everything has to sides, just like a coin.
For example, solo and fizz there can size the same, but we can see that solo much higher that fizz.
The solo's sugar content is lower than fizz.
Except the solo's target market compare with fizz.
Solo has the most popular people, because it face all people who are keen on sport and the fizz face teenagers.
In main outlet the solo outlet has a niche market only to select supermarkets Health-food shops, but the fizz face with all supermarkets.
sales volume slower than solo.
I would like to introduce my classmate Huang Yunxia.
She comes from ShanDong province.
She was born in YanTai and grew up at that beautiful city.
There are three people in her family and both her father and mother are loved her.
So happiness they are.
When she was a student in high school.
She was working hard in English so that she always got good grades.
Unusually, her math is also very well.
In her spare time, she has many hobbies such as chat with friends ore swim at the pool.
Now Huang Yunxia has become a student in USU and thinking about to get the Master's degree.
Along with the development of society are faster pace, due to all kinds of social facors, times require us constantly learning progress.
The idea of intent is good, but at the same time, lead to some unreasonable policies come up, for example, exam-oriented education college entrance examination policy.
I do not think this is a good phenomenon, If you don't take this issue seriously words, it is very likely to influence your own future development.
So we must take the problem seriously, first we must have a positive attitude, we must have a single heart longing for the future.
In the picture, there is an old woman sitting in front of the mirror.
No one accompany her and she is so lonely that only one thing she can do is looking at herself on the mirror.
In the picture, the woman also said:  Only one person at home without my children's accompany make me feel a little lonely.
Actually, this is the universal phenomenon in today's society.
As the economy developing, every younger wants to earn more money so they all want to work in the developed city, which leaves the older at home.
As far as I am concerned, parents are the most important people in our life wherever we go.
abandon them in order to chase the success.
No matter how busy we are, we should spend more time accompanying them.
Everybody's life is too short to imagine, so don't make yourself regret.
As a cultural-exchange envoy, I'm here in China now, living with my Chinese friend.
Things have been going great.
I've met many Chinese teenagers.
Everyone is so friendly that makes me feel like at home.
Through these days, I've been studying with my Chinese friends and doing sports together.
I visited places of interests in Beijing and watched Peking Opera.
From those I learnt a little about Chinese history.
I've always been curious about it.
I also tried Chinese food.
Here in China, we are celebrating the Spring Festival, which is reguarded the most important festival by Chinese people.
I've fallen in love with life in China.
It is such an incredible expeience that I wish you can be here.
Now.more and more younger people even elder aults are love to shopping online, online shopping becoming a fashion.
some people think shopping online is a good way to shopping, because online shopping is ont only save time and energy but the selection of goods more.
in my opint, i think online shopping is a good way to shopping.
Previously only feel that AIDS is very terrible .
you.
this heart torture is more terrible.
A new system for the English subject in college entrance examination is going to be on trail, which enables students to choose when and how many times should we enter for it by ourselves.
When it comes to college entrance examination in China, most of us come up with the concept of'One exam, the whole life'.
No doubt, the most important exam in us students' lifetime leads to nothing but enormous stress.
Once we fail to achieve a good mark, we will never have the chance again to enter the ideal college.
In other words, our future may be ruined.
However, if we can take the exam more than once and choose the best result as our final score, we may release the heavy burden.
One's listening comprehension and speaking ability grow by practice, the old say  Practice makes prefect  .
It is trusted to be a truth.
Acorrding to some authoritative reports.
Listening to English tapes, news and movies is one of the most helpful ways to improve listening skills effectively.
And this rule is also applied to thriving the speaking.
In my opinion, practicing is the basis to do everything well.
Hearing one BBC broadcast every day.
Talking with partners in English on a daily basis.
In my view, like designing a project, scaning and printing is necessary.
They two make a project complete.
So it pays to make English situations with colleagues regularly.
Find a fellow and impart with her every day.
After finishing these, if I have free time, then watch an English movie or TV program.
Each program must be seen three times.
The first time, watch it as usual; The second time, see the film in both Chinese and English sub-stitle.
Look up the new words in a dictionary.
Learning English is like building a house.
Laying a strong foundation is the first and the most important step.
In other words, you should read and speak every day.
So, don't be impatient.
Take some time to learn English every day.
Remember: Rome wasn't built in a day.
  We will never parley, we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang.
We shall fight him by land, we shall fight him by sea, we shall fight him in the air.
until.
with God's help we have rid the earth of his shadow and liberated its people from his yoke.
At the end of his speech, he appealed to all friends in the world to support Soviet Union and defend the Germans.
This speech made very forceful repercussion in society and even in the whole world.
He got the supports of English and many patriots who love peace in the world.
There is a lot of love around me.
For example, my mother always cooks for me.
When I get love from them, I always feel happy and thankful.
And I think I should do something to show my love.
Recently, Numbers of Ameirican captical and private equity are growing to set up shops in Europe where offers interesting, albeit challenging and opportunities to companies outside silicon valley.
Most of the Americans venture capitals are carefully targeting their investment in European market.
As the number of global companies emerging in Europe , we can see the future trend of VCs is quite promising and clear.
Spring Festival is a very traditional Chinese festival.
Some people say it is a combination of Thanksgiving, Christmas and the new year in western countries.
China's Spring Festival from the lunar New Year began, lasted for fifteen days.
During the Spring Festival, every family's main colors are red, because red represents happiness.
All the family members usually unite at home and enjoy all kinds of delicious food and the warmth of home.
However, the teacher encourages him that Just think of it as if you are reading a long text-message.
Second, as a saying goes  Reading a good book is just like talking to an honorable person.
Some issues are very fierce.
On one hand , cities become crowded so that traffic tie up and influence people normal lives.
On another hand, the house is another embarrassed problem.
Because so many peole in the cities, the price of houses is increased day by day , which make people have no money to buy the house increatly.
In my opinior, firstly, people should observe the rules which lives in cities.
We cannot live without technology.
So, it's necessary to develop modern technology.
In my opinion, to us the impersonality of electronic communication has little or no relation to the significance of the matter at hand, we still have right to communicate face to face.
Of course, as long as we have enough time to communicate, there is nothing trouble for us to choose our lifestyle.
What amazing us is that we can enjoy complex life as well as simple and easy life for one time.
What's more, we are supposed to have knowledge of the advantages which modern technology had taken for us.
To put in a nutshell, I disagree the view that we give up using modern technology.
On the contrary, I hope we can use it as much as possible.
My first memory of school is silence, because there was only grade 10 students in school at that moment.
My first teacher, Ms Liu is very friendly and enthusiastic.
She introduced everything of the school to us.
And the girl seated in front of me was my first friend.
At first, I thought she was a little shy.
It's the experience that teaches me the old saying 'The early bird catches the worm.
It happened in my junior high school where I knew nobody from the start and didn't do well in the final exam.
Not only my teachers but also my parents were worried about me, and so did I.
It was at that time that I felt at a loss.
Thanks to my decimate, he seemed to have sensed my difficulties.
He told me a story about a person who learnt to play chess.
He had poor talent but he wasn't afraid of difficulties and practised much harder than anyone else and eventually he reached his goal.
There is no shortcut to success.
College life is a brand-new beginning of all the freshmen .
Nowday, more and more people take civil service exams want become government employees.
Most of people think the civil servanth have paid well and imporant a point reason with it every steady.
I think that this phenomenon is correct.
In our country with a large population, such phenomena as normal.
Not only such, such a good job of civil servants is good in today's competitive society.
As college students we, no matter whether you go to take an examination of civil service should be to decide on their own future struggle.
In a word, where there is a will there is a way.
I am very happy for you letter.
Spring Festival is a traditional Festival in China.
It Is often in Match.
On the eve of the festival, we bought lots of delicious food.
We will make a traditional chinese food.
It names Is dumpling.
I realy like It.
In Spring Festival we eat dinner tought, and then we see Spring Festival Gala.
Then we sleep in In twelve o'clock.
In Spring Festival we can have lots of lucky money that's a fantastic thing.
In my opinion .
Because English is an International lanuage, At the same time , Learning Enlish we can increase the ability of writing , On the one hand , We begin to studying from we are young , So can study very happy .
On the other hand , We study English can improve the ability of what we are talking about the people who comes from abroad .
many years later .
I lived on the side of the road and there was a big tree that had a swing .
I was used to playing on the swing by myself nightly .
Once I tried to catch them , but they flew away .
Children enjoy blowing bubbles and I was not exception .
We frothed up the soap mixture and then blew the colourful bubbles.
The bubbles would flew away with the wind and we could raced after them until they broke .
Once I recall the technicolor childhood memories , smile would come to my faces secretly .
As a child , I learnt everything with happiness and interest .
In our life, everywhere can see the pursuit of figure.
Young students tend to like the pursuit of new in order to be different, likes to think of himself than others is a ''high'', So they often buy some brand-name clothing to dress themselves, to meet their own competition mentality.
In the 21st century today, All over the world in pursuit of fashion.
But now the media and so developed, the students psychology of imitation strong.
So, with the pursuit of psychological treatment is right, wrong is not the ability to control.
Today, my roommate and I were staying in the room.
He was a fan of football match, so he turned on the computer and watched a football match.
At that time, I was going over lessons.
But he was watching and cheering for his favorite team.
The match sound and his voice was getting bigger and bigger.
The noise influenced me, so i didn't go over the lessons.
The noise made me so angry.
So I told him to turn down the sound and keep the voice down.
There is a great man in china, his name is Mao zedong.
Mao zedong's hometown is Hunan Shaoshan, born in 1893, he had a harbor great ambitions, finally in 1949 established the new china, became the leader of the people's Republic of china.
  magazine named him one of the 100 most influential twentieth Century.
He is a Chinese pride.
With the culture develops.
The TV Program become more and more colourful.
However, my favorite TV Program is the news.
There are a few points that are worth mentioning.
Firstly, it covers news about important events both at home and abroad.
Secondly, it broadcast in the evening, people can use their spare time watching the news.
Thirdly, the news it provides is timely and reliable.
Watching the news, it not only open our horizon, but also improve our knowledge.
Therefore, it is important for me to watch the news.
What's more, it is very useful and helpful for my life.
Besides, we can realize the foreign information by watching the news.
All in all, the news is my favorite TV Program.
On the first day we were born, my parents will give us the name.
The name is one of our logo.
Our name ofen represent our parents a expect of us.
Name is our life in the future study.
Name can bring us apart from the others.
After the name, The name is a lifetime together with us.
Names can also be associated with the quality of the people.
Wei said some great meaning.
I quite like my own name.
Name is only two words.
short and concise.
After the good name my parents gave me my name and my life is tied together.
She gives me a special meaning.
I don't want to change my name, my name in a certain sense to represent me.
An important feature of she belongs to me.
I hope chinese can know more about different kinds of architectures that including easterns' and westerns'.
As we all know, if you want to creat someting that can make people paid more attention on your architecture, you must have an open mind on the architectures all over the world.
So I advise you appreciate various kinds of architectures.
It came in the middle of February.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, my father and I pasted the red antithetical Spring Festival couplets on our doors.
The family got together for the sumptuous dinner.
It is jiaozi that I'm fond of eating the most.
Microblog becomes more and more popular these days.
The youth loves to stay connected and microblog is just another way for us to stay in touch.
And our friends can know our recent conditions soon after we release microblogs and give us opinions or leave us messages.
You can also use cell phone to connect to the microblog.
There is a kind of people who is always worried about things going to be bad or be a failure .
they are unconfident .
in a word .
Pessimise would get mang disadvantages of pessimism .
Fristly.
it makes themself unhappy .
Because they don't believe hope and success.
second.
They would get rid of the courage of overcomeing the difficulties .
So it's hard to be be excellent and it will be a ricious spiral .
thirdly.
due to unconfident.
they would not believe others gradually.
if you are pessimise.
On one hand.
you should make friend with positive people and learn their optimistic .
On the other .
you should do something to make youself to approve self.
For example.
you could try to help others.
it make you feel you are useful .
You also could travel.
it makes you more love life.
if you do it .
Switzerland covers 41 thousand square kilometers land , filled with wonderful scene and fantastic creatures.
there are 7 million and 5 hundred thousand people live in here.
It's capital is Berne, but the most famous city is Geneva, which has many international organizations.
That is why some people think Geneva is a independ country.
Switzerland has four neighbours.
Switzerland is famous around the world as the World Garden because of the beautiful scene.
In his childhood, hunger is a difficult problem in Chinese.
So, finding a way to get rid of hunger is his dream.
In 1947.
He became the first agricultural expert about high output of rice planting in the world.
According to his research, the grain output expands from4*10^7 to2*10^12 tons.
It's mean that China use just 7%of the farmland fed 22% of the world's people.
Yuan Longping is now circulating his knowledge in many other less developed countries.
Yuan Longping is satisfied with his left.
And he doesn't care about being famous or wealth.
I am Li Hua, and is a Chinese student study abroad in London.
I want to tell you about my require to the host family.
First house must very comfortable and broad.
And the house be located downtown, advantage in transports just can go to places very fast and convenient.
Then the master can speak fluently English.
Above all the master approach paople enthusiastic, merely and mild.
Nowadays, many college students are facing a problem: on one hand, they want to achieve academic excellence.
On the other hand, they are eager to earn some money or learn about society by working.
However, it is not easy to combine this two things well all the time.
Firstly, working results in little time for studying.
As a college student, I have a better understanding of this problem through my own experience.
When I was a freshman, I took a part-time job out of the desire to increase my pocket money.
The more time I spent on work, the less time I had in studying.
Sometimes I even left my assignments undone.
Secondly, college students tend to have little time for enjoying social side of college once they let study take up a lot of their time.
Thirdly, we will have no time for personal pleasures.
With work and study filling up the schedule, we will have no time for our favorite TV shows and other entertainments.
Based on those problems mentioned above, we can safely draw the conclusion that it is high time that we should make a better arrangement to balance work and college.
On the one hand, some people hold the view that they should take their effort to be superior to others.
On the other hand, a great many people insist that being superior to their former self is more valuable.
From my perspective, the sense of competition is necessary, but the sense of being a better self is more meaningful.
Just as the saying goes There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man, true nobility is being superior to your former self.
It was summer at that time, my parents decided to take me to the beach.
We went there by train and I saw lots of beautiful scenery on the train.
My parents was awimming at there but I don't like swimming.
So I stay at beach and enjoy the sun.
We ate lots of fish and I like eating fishi very much.
When I was fourteen, I have witnessed a traffic accident that two people was dead.
In the sunny day, when I went to the shopping, I saw two cars on the road.
It was a large damage in the front of the car and the other's damage in the middle of the car.
The reason for this accident is a driver disobey traffic rules.
He can't stop when red light tell him to stop.
Finally, I know we must obey the traffic rules.
Hi Mark, my name is L.
I am the representative of our school.
I want to form three aspects to open this activity.
firstly, cooking culture.
Form now on, delecious food is very attractive people.
There is no doupt that traditional food can show our culture.
Secondly, secondary school education.
Different school have different teaching method.
We can communicate and learn each oter.
Thirdly, language learning experience.
Needless to say, we have different language.
I support the idea that we can learn language each other.
This is my idea.
In my opinion, this Cross-cultural communication project will succeed.
He jailed the Joker behind bar and tackled the penguin .
We hold this match holding out the hope of improving students' listening and speaking skills.
I suggest that you should make adequate prepare before the competition, on account of the standard of reviewing is very strict.
You are required to make a emotional introduce of your favorite novel, and give your argument.
Besides, it would be best that your speech time can be controlled at the limit of 5 minutes.
Along with healthy life, the wealth plays an important role in our life.
With the help of money, we can do a lot of things that we can enjoy our life and be away from social pressure , that we can eat many diversities of delicious green food, that we can also go on a health checkup once a month and find problems in time .
If we don't have money , others will be probably to look down on us.
However, happiness doesn't always go with money.
we can't buy health with wealth.
Aroud our life, we can meet with many people who have much money, but they aren't happy.
they're worried about their work and stay up to late for work.
As the time passed away, we can't see happiness from their faces.
In my opinion, every coin has two sides.
One side, weath can bring us many befits and we can experience many thing that we are unkown before.
For the other side , it can also result in criminal crime, physical health and so on.
I went to Beijing with my parents.
We had a good trip there.
We went to there by car.
With a long wait, Miss Yao said the sentence I never forget,  I believe her, she is an honest girl.
Most of the teacher thinks it is an important activity in college students life.
Anyway, no matter what we do, I think we should pay attention to something we don't know.
It's necessary to alert to strangers.
he is a lovely bear.
he likes having jam best.
Also, he is smart and honourous.
This film tell us a story about something happened in London that role is a bear who is rare in the world.
i think this is a good work.
After ten years, I will be 27 years old.
I will be a teacher in a senior high school.
My students are quite clever and active.
Instead, in the holidays , l like to wear more casually.
l will do a great deal of exercise to keep fit.
Inll a word, after ten years, l will lead a much richer and more wonderful life.
There have new teachers, new classmates and fresh friends are around me.
I've felt their friendship, wide knwledge and opening mind.
Someone will fell that college life is boring.
As we all know that Forrest Gump is a disabled boy and his intelligence is lower than his peers.
He was often made fun of people when he was a young boy.
Different with those people who laugh at him, his mother use her smart heart and optimistic mind gives his a deal of positive energy.
Now, we are entering a new area which fulls of opportunities and innovation.
One the one hand, to the extent, we will meet a lot of difficulties.
Such as the nature of disaster and the pressure of work.
But everyone is special, where there is a try, there is a hope to fight with the difficulties .
Just like Forrest Gump, although his body is defective , he is still strong alive in his mother's encouragement.
As a result he becomes a successful man.
So I think we should learn from him.
One the other hand, disability discrimination phenomenon becomes more and more serious.
Just like the headmater, he does not want to receive Forrest Gump because he think he is a diasability boy.
All in all.
My name is P.
I'm from X, and now in the class 14.
I am pretty outgoing and active.
If you want to be friends with me, I would be happy to.
Also, I have so many hobbies, such as playing basketball, table tennis and badminton.
If we are friends, we can play these together.
I pretty like English all the time when I was in middle school, although I was not good at it.
But I would be hard to study it.
I have got two English classes in this school up to now.
I really like this atmosphere.
I am very happy to meet my foreign friend who is going to visit my nation.
Recently, numerous students treat on their homework.
They surf on the internet and download something that can help them finish the paper.
Some people claim that there are a number of virtues entailed in copying the answer.
For example, students do not have to travel to and fro on a daily basis instead, they can devote their traveling time to play games, shopping on line, chat with other people and so on.
As pupils we, must understand it is easy to be dishnest and deceive other people but it is much harder to one's self.
One reason why I, personally, do not advocate cheating is that I would lose my sense of self-respect.
I think my college English teacher should be wise.
This is my first time away from home, alone in the face of this winter.
When I confront the coming winter I feel lonely.
Before winter comes, I think about my hometown, the golden rice fields, fruit crop and flying all over the sky leaves.
I remember, grandma in the sun shadow, Grandpa and his tobacco pouch.
I think about my friends, think about the time we spent together, and those whom picked up fruit.
In this city, a lot of old houses stand in the winter.
The first field study will cover them, make this world a painted white.
In my hometown, the sown is our friends.
So we like snow, because it represents hope and harvest.
The winters coming, the first sown coming.
Library is a place for us to study quietly.
If you don't make any noise no matter what you want to do, it's fine.
With the development of science, Mobile phones come to everyone's daily life.
But We can set the phone to silent to avoid disturbing other students.
It's never too late to learn .
My best friend, I am very happy that you can ome China to visit my hometown.
the sky is blue.
My uncle manage this place.
It's more convenient for us to read books .
Many people like read e-book because it has many advantages than tradition book .
Traditional books are required to type on papers .
At the same time , e-books are more easily carried from one place to other and it can keep more time than traditional book .
Some people like traditional books and don't like read e-books .
In my opinion , e-books are have many advantage for us , When we need to search articles , it will provide convenient resources .
But in most cases , I prefer to read books because I was used to reading traditional books .
Nowadays, E-book has become more and more popular with us.
That's the value of books.
With the development of the society, our life is getting better.
However, like the coin has two sides.
It is well acknowledged that it can affect our health.
Therfore, air pollution is an essential issue that must be solved.
In my personal perspective, people are supposed to use feet or bicycles instead of cars.
As we all know, it is benificial to the air quality.
What is more, less driving cars can reduce the cost of the gasoline and the repairs.
In addition, people are in the stress of the work.
walking is a good method to reduce their pressure.
However, like the old saying goes, \  it is easier said than done\  .
It is tough for most people to do that.
They drive cars only 5 minutes walk.
With society developing, helping strangers that used to be considered as a virtue are ignored by people nowadays.
Facing this circumstance, we should rethink ourselves.
Although era is in progress, some persons utilize the kindness of people to gain profits improperly.
Therefore, most people gradually believe that helping strangers probably can let them be in trouble.
However, this is the behavior of tiny minority people.
Moreover, they are at the mercy of other bad guys.
They are unwilling to work on what they are forced to do.
Sometimes we ought to sympathize with them.
When thinking like this, even if you are doubting whether you should help them or not, you will lend a helping hand to them.
In my opinion, people thinking of themselves more than others may be the reason why there is a lack of trust.
Meanwhile, because of this one, people are suspicious with each other.
Slowly, love and being friendly are replaced by indifference and selfishness.
Most important, helping each other is a traditional virtue of China.
It is high time for us that improved our awareness of being an accommodating person.
My hometown Maanshan is a beautiful place.
It lies in the south of Anhuu Province.
The famous industry of my hometown is steel industry.
So, the first place I want to belt you visit is Maanshan Iron and Steel Co.
This company is famous for its iron and steel technology.
Because of this reason, my hometown is rich.
And it is also the symbol of Maanshan.
Then, the place I want to take you to is CaiShiji park which is a well-known view spot.
And there are many beautiful views in this park.
The famous poet LiBai wrote a lot of poems when he live in here.
My hometown is very clean.
And its also win the title of National Hygienic City.
At last, I want to tell you that Maanshan is developing very quickly and people here are friendly.
And it is a nice place to live in.
People like beautiful, happiness, health and safe.
But not everybody can take it.
There are a lot of ways to keeping fit, such as sporting.
Yoga.
What the world is what do you think.
What you would be is what do you think even your body.
Human are the kids of earth.
The earth is the kid of the universe.
If the earth run the way, it will be safe.
The universe has her way.
Everybody can learn it.
Because it's exist in your own body, in your own mind and in your own heart.
When you be patient and silent, the sound will be louder and you'll get it easily.
So, The way is a philosophy.
In my words, the philosophy is: Be calm when you succeed, be cool when you fail.
That's my way of keeping fit.
Nowadays, low-carbon life has been popular with people.
Meanwhile, low-carbon lifestyle has been a focus which people be concerned with.
With the development of our economic, more and more factories are built which pour polluted gas and water into the environment.
That makes the environment polluted, which has a bad effect on human .
Every big thing comes from the subtle.
Firstly, we should use fewer plastic bags to reduce white pollution.
Secondly, we should turn off the lights the moment we leave the rooms.
Recently, an increased number of people choose the internet to do some shopping.
There is no doubt that it is much more convenient .
The details will be announced on the web.
That will include all details you want to know .
So you can imagine it basing on the description of it , what you see is almost a completed thing.
If you decide to buy it , Just import your address and your phone number , and then the seller will post things what you buy to you .
But online shopping still has some shortages.
After all you can't see the true thing, maybe you will not be satisfied with its color, size, or shape .
And there many sellers deceive customers.
In fact, they will give you nothing .
In a word, online shopping is a fashion in these years , but we should use it in a right way .
As is vividly shown in the picture, it is universally accepted regarded that nowadays the phenomena of excessive usage of electronic communication are prevailing in our society.
There are several causes of excessive usage of electronic communication.
Initially, as electronic communication is not limited by space.
Where there is Internet, there is convenience.
Some times she talks with me.
It is located in central Europe .
I'm L.
I plan to accompany old people in the Double Ninth Festival with classmates, at weekends.
We prepared many wonderful exercises the old people like.
If we were to sing and song, they would happy.
And in the afternoon, we will make dumpling for old people.
In conclusion, that's the first time that we have gone to the nursing house.
Time on Saturday,8:00am to 4:00pm.
The life which is lack of love is miserable.
Fortunately, I lead a pleasant life which is filled with love.
I understand that my mother loves me deeply after I see she cook nice food every day to keep me healthy.
She always thinks of me more than herself.
I am moved by my mother's love .
In order to show my love which is from the bottom of my heart, I try to satisfy her with my high marks .
As soon as I notice her lying in bed with pale look , I know she is ill.
Immediately, I bring pills and water to her anxiously .
I believe , she knows I love her.
Maybe someone often say there is no love in their life.
An old saying goes: Interest is the best teacher.
I think everyone should have his own interests.
Nowadays, the problem that the students pay less attention to spelling in english learning is concerned in public.
For one thing that the students are very lazy.
They don't want to write everything even the test.
For another some students pay more attention to reading and listening.
However, they ignore writing.
writing is also a significant way in english learning.
Moreover, the age of information has improved in this society.
Computer is very flexible and automatic.
It doesn't need us to write.
It can be modify in automatic way.
Various measures should be taken to handle the problem.
For instance, we can encourage them when they don't want to write or they are lazy.
Spelling is also important for english learning, If we have mistakes in spelling, we are wasting of time.
we spell words equal to we remember it again.
There is no doubt that living with roommates is reasonable.
First, the college students should learn to communicate with others well.
So talking with roommates is the foundation.
For example, it is cool for you to surf the Internet with your roommates until the lights are turned off.
Also, when you are in trouble in the study or in life, your roommates may help you to overcome difficulties.
However, some students consider everyone should live in only one room.
For it is living alone that will enable people to do what they really intend to do.
Of course, like anything else, it has its errors.
In this way, students may feel desolate.
In my opinion, college students should live with roommates.
For the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages.
College students must live in the society instead of only studying.
For after school life , I will take an active part in activities organized by the school club activities, improve my various aspects ability.
How with teacher .
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
Nowadays, English writing becomes more and more important in examinations.
Topics of English writing are more difficult for students to design the content.
According to three English examinations taken recently, we found some problems among English writings by our students.
A leading problem is grammar mistake.
Most of students lost mark on this.
I know that you are the expert in this field.
So I sincerely invite you to teach our students in terms of solving the writing problems.
Nowadays, with the development of the economy, more and more people can live in a rich life.
And many parents would like their children to have a better education so that they will have a good job in the future.
They think the education of overseas is better than that of China's, so they prefer to send their children to study abroad rather than let them study in China.
The question is coming.
I'm sure there are many different kinds of answers.
On the one hand, many people think it's good.
First, for example, many people send their children to study in the U.
The ways of getting knowledge in the U.
S have a great difference from that in China.
Compared with China, the American schools give students the room of imagine and pracitice to let them have the creativity of study.
Secondly, they can open their eyes and broden their views by studying abroad.
As we all know, different countries have their own local culture.
By studying abroad, they can get more knowledge that we can't get in China.
And we can also learn the second language such as the local English.
I think it's helpful for children to get a job in the future.
On the other hand, some people don't think it's good for children to study abroad.
Many parents love their children very much and they wouldn't like to leave their children to study alone.
Everyone is stranger and they must try their best to adapt to the new school earlier.
It's bevelied that the children who are sent to study abroad fell lonely when the holidays come and they'll miss their family more often.
Everything has two hands.
But as far as I am concerned, I think it's good for childern to study abroad.
There are many advantages.
Facing different challenges, I think it's a good exercise for us.
Studying abroad is a good experience in one's life.
And we can get more knowledge, learn more different cultures among different countries and make more friends.
We are born until the end of life is.
Our learning method is not the same because our culture is different.
All in all, to help me learn my pictures is an easy-to-remember, so I like to see some of my knowledge about the picture I have much the way to learn my lesson.
My way to study English is not the same math.
I remember some new word before teacher tell us to do.
I think the word is the basis of learning English only remember the word we can to learn the grammar and understand articles talking about meaning.
Of course, understand others speak English is an important skill.
Because I think the way is relaxing and I can better remember knowledge than the other ways.
I think animals should be put back the wild.
People shouldn't kill the animals for their fur or meat.
Considering that it uses a lot of advanced technology, e-books are superior to books made of papers in preservation.
I like it because I always feel happy and relax when I am in it.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First, Iwant to learn much thing.
Communicating with foreigner is interesting.
And I can learn some thing from them.
Second, Studing English is necessary.
I have learned construction.
So English is important.
Finally, my friend have learned English Major.
She like to talk to me in English.
For example, I became a member of Chinese Literature Club two weeks ago.
It 's an interesting and active club that with lots of students who likes writing articles and reading traditional Chinese masterworks.
At the same time, I try to let me play more sports such as basketball and soccer.
Because of taking part in the club, it has improved my writing skill and helped me learn more about Chinese literature.
First, you are supposed to choose the activities that fit you best.
Second, you need to arrange you time properly.
Otherwise, you will be stressed out.
Love is an affection from our heart, and it is a feeling, more specifically, it is our affection toward someone or a group of people.
For me, love does not have an exact definition, but it really between us, and it is personal.
In my heart, I do have some feelings about love.
Firstly, I think love is the feeling of natural, when we far away from our parents, they will always concern us, and worried about us, and this love cannot be replaced, it is great and natural which no one can give us; Secondly, love is the feeling of warm, when we donate something to those people who really need them, and help them to live in a better life, and make them enrich, what I remember when the WenChuan earthquake happened in 2008, many people die in that horrible earthquake, but there were some lucky people survived, some of them because their teachers, parents, loves or friends saved them but lose their own lives.
And from this we can know that this is a way for people to show their love , and this love make us feel warm.
All these are what I think love, love is natural, warm and being need.
Thank you for helping me when I lived in your home during America.
I felt fantastic and learned a lot from you and America education.
Because of your help, I adapted more quickly in both family and school.
But now, I have some trouble in lefting a dictionary in your home.
This is my first dictionary which my American English teacher sent to me.
It is valued for me.
I think it maybe on the bookshelf in the bedroom.
Please find it patiently and if you find it you can post it to me.
After that, I will pay for the postage.
Accompany raises the student good at listening to the vopinions of other good qualities toaccompany raising students' autonomy and indep0endence, so grouping helps us to better learni8ng, but also can improve our ability of independdent learing.
I'm learning style of China's point of vie, the students not only to learn the classroom knowledge, but also learn to real ability of live, rich experience in our society.
With the developing of economy.
The strategy of OLNY CHILD inspire parents spoil their kids and build a over more comfortable surrounding for their children.
It cultivate kids' worse habit that if they get into trouble they will ask help for their parents easily.
If so, our value of human will achieve.
The first impression is the college was too big and the environment was very beautiful.
With the leaves of the trees and grass attracted me.
The fish in the lake play games.
A lot of people say to me, Sudy hard and you will get freedom when in university.
Like Albert Camus said, Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.
I think that we can use our hands and knowledge to create a better tomorrow.
With the development of the society, more and more college students select to study abroad when they graduate.
On the one hand, some of them think it's a good chance to go abroad for further training.
Not only can they acquire more advanced technology, but they can get more experience.
What's more, it can also make them find a job easier when they return to their country.
However, some person thinks it 's also a good choice to find a job after they graduate.
Some of them are poor, so it can reduce the burden on family if they can find a job after graduating.
As far as I'm concerned, I may choose the latter.
Because my family is not very rich, studying abroad is a burden on my family.
So finding a job after graduating is a good idea for me, if so, I can make a contribution to society earlier.
The personal experience can make people do not only stay in home , you can go to other place to learn geography in the travel , we can see some beautiful river , mountain with the travel .
Accordingly, in her Emma, Mrs. Weston's marriage seems to be a satisfactory one that Every friend of Miss Taylor must be glad to see her so happily married.
In the novel, for example, relating to Mr. Weston, she wrote but his second wife must give him the pleasantest proof of its being a great deal better to choose than to be chosen, to excite gratitude than to feel it.
For one thing, the comments act as a kind of feedback, which strengthens the communication between students and teachers, thus stimulating the education afterwards.
For another, as a result of it, students' enthusiasm and initiative in learning could be inspired to a large degree, not to mention their confidence and courage to cope with difficulties.
To be begin with, marriage need so much money.
Friendship is a kind of man relations, it is a human born ability to make friends.
When we are in trouble, we need friends to offer us help, support and encouragement.
Friendship is also one of the greastest pleasures that we can enjoy, it concludes honesty, tolerace, sympathy, affection and readiness to help.
friendship is so important that we must be careful selecting friends.
Sometimes the true friends can give us more help and can lead us to make progress instantly.
My favourite place in school is the fantastic lidrary which I borrow books.
I go there three times a week Many students go to lidrary at noon, but is very quier.
Mosr of using computer, while others prefer to reading like me.
I love reading, and I really enjoy it.
Itis a part of my life, Romance and horror are my best-loved.
Now, I am trying to read a book--Bright to Teradithia, in English.
That is a wonderful story--the heroine leslie's death is sudden.
For instance, we can choose some of electives, which can promote our learning, or we select some of them whose can improve our capacity .
On a sunny morning, I went jogging outside and enjoyed the music in my Mp3.
When I was ready to go home to have my lunch, a woman with her cute puppy came into view.
I found the puppy was turning around at the roadside.
With her pet's behavior, the woman did nothing but leaving without cleaning its shit.
  I said.
And the woman apologized to me then made it clean.
Every country has its own languages which often include official languages and many kinds of dialects.
Besides, life for each individual will be more colorful if he can freely talk to others without communicative difficulty for he can touch upon all different kinds of culture flexibly.
Countries can have a better understanding of each other in trade, economy, science, policy and all aspects in the same language.
Banks use computers to send money all over the world.
We play computer game with it.
The doctor use computers to take care of patients.
my favourite way of learning English is to follow u.
Looking around, a beautiful oil painting can catch your eyes, it on the opposite wall.
Then look at the right wall, there is a fireplace which makes you warmer, walk straight, you can see a pink loveseat in the corner, it looks very lovely.
As we all know, Low-carbon Lifestyle is becoming more and more popular among people.
Of cause, I cound not make a good explanation.
According to a report, this life is the best life until restently.
