On one a hand, this life can help people form a habit of reducing.
For example, human beens can do that one will use the wast-water to do other things , which is very useful.
One the other hand , pollution-problem is becoming serious, especially air pollution.
First , we can do somethings around ourselves .
For instance , reduce water, turn off the light as we leave our room, and do not use one-time chopstics.
Maybe the person is a bad guy, but he saise he is a kind person.
Second, I think that we should take enough time to know each other indaily life.
Such as cloning, gene, disco, etc.
Such as hackers, talk show, tanks and so on.
Days go by without returning, we again have steped into the golden autumn.
Admittedly, autumn is a season to gain.
However, it also makes you dreary.
The lovely flowers begin to wither and fall.
The leaves gradually turn yellow.
Even the cute sun is mean to show her face.
What's more, we have to change our clothes frequently due to the changeable temperature, which causes a lot of inconveniences.
In contrast, in spring it is another case.
A myriad of grass come up.
When you look out of the window, what you can see is full of green as well as various flower, which helps you sense the vitality of life.
In college, everyone comes from different places.
And so everyone has his or her specific charact-eristic.
Appearantly, conflict can not be avoided.
Many reasons can cause conflict.
Maybe it is for a pen you borrow from your roommate that you don't return on the stroke.
Or you run so fast that you knock your roommate down.
All these incidents can cause conflict.
First, you can be calm and controll your temper.
chance to explain.
If your roommate lose his or her temper, you can make some concession.
And after he or she is good, find a chance to talk with him or her.
But in our life, incidents like these don't happen from time to time.
After all, happiness is the main rhythm in our life.
As you know, I like to play computer game after finishing my daily tasks.
Last week, unfortunately, my computer got a virus.
I didn't know how to deal with this problem, then I asked my grandmother for help.
My grandmother was surprised to hear this new.
Then she walked out my room and told me that she would solve this problem.
I was so happy to hear she said so.
Two hours later, I went to ask my grandmother if my computer can be used as before.
She lived in a five-star hotel, and she visited many places of historic interests and scenics beauty.
After 4 days, she went back to Americ.
With the development of economy.
More and more resources are run to waste.
Our country has a large population vast territory and abundant Resources.
However, That's just before.
In fact, the waste of resources had been caused the very serious consequences.
As a student, we Should try our best to save .
After washing Hand , we should not leave the water faucet running.
When you use paper to both sides of the paper with.
The things are small, but bring influence is big.
There has been much argument over people's opinion in recent years.
One of the questions under debate is whether people benefit more from E-book or traditional book.
Those who are against students looking E-book for learning argue that E-book are usually much more costly than traditional book.
As a result, it tends to be students from rich families may gradually develop a sense of superiority towards those from other families, while the latter may feel resentful.
We also have to take into account the fact that varieties of families cannot afford to buy E-book.
On the other hand, people who are in favor of student looking E-book for learning point out that E-book is a pretty tool for cultivating student's ability, which they seldom acquire from traditional book because of lacking of interest.
What's more, these students usually show a more positive attitude towards learning by E-book than by traditional book.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments.
I am inclined to agree with the latter point of view.
For one thing, it seems to me that there is more to education than merely learning from traditonal book.
Maybe according to E-book, students can study more efficiently.
For another, the advance of technology force students to use scientific products.
The importance of English learning should all know, please take a look at my suggestion.
The key is to learn good English can go to travel around the world, in order to not be so embarrassed.
I hope to take my advice.
Currently, there are so many blind-date tv shows which attach not only millions of young people .
but many parents.
Firstly, with the development of economic and society, so many people don't just satisfy with their our life now, they try to look for thrills and entitlements, so they are interested in attending such programs , more , with the same reason , so many people are busy with their work that they don't have time to make friends, so they have to set aside time to attend blind-date shows on tv.
As a saying goes too much people is trouble , for example, it not only makes traffic jam, but haves a high crime rate.
What's worse, owing to many people flood into city, citizen face up to unemployment condition.
It makes fierce competition and stress.
In my opinion, it is the high time to take some measures to deal with the problem.
Such as the government should come on a policy to solve it, including limiting non- the citizen enter city, improving household registration system.
As a college student, , the winter holiday is a good chance to practice.
Introduced by relatives, I am in a kindergarten when a substitute teacher.
I just started to think, to teach children is easy, but the fact is not simple .
Because I am a college student, so not many experience.
I can only on the internet to check some information about the class.
It is my most memorable, a few days later, came a full-time teacher.
She was graduated from Beijing dance academy.
This winter holiday I grew a lot of experience too.
According to the marxist materialism, material decides the consciousness and consciousness is the reflection of material.
Practice is the source of consciousness, and the analysis and summary of consciousness form the theory .
therefore, practice is the foundation of theory.
Theory has the guidance in practice.
the theoretical guide the research and development of science and technology.
There are some following reasons to introduce how it happened.
Firstly, automobile exhute is very serious .
Secondly , the air of the factory is also the main reason.
There reasons caused unexpected consequences.
For example, people fall ill earsily.
the hazy Weather is harmful for our health.
The last but not least, we should take measures to prevent the hazy Weather.
we can plant some trees and flowers.
we can also take buses more times and we should seldom drive cars .
Reading is a important way for everone to gain knowledge and experience.
From reading books, we will reduce times we make mistakes and improve our quality.
We will try to treat people in a better way, enjoying a more comfortable life.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark , so let us read more books and enjoy the process.
In their views there are three reasons to the attitude as follows: Firstly, we can gei knowledge and open uo our eye's.
Secondly, we can share our life and commincate with our friends.
For the more, in the second place, some of us think that we are not ought to get online frequently.
People, however, differ in their opinions on the matter.
Some of us hold the idea that we are not supposed to get online freguantly.
In their viewpoint, on the one hand, it's bad for our eyes.
In the other hand, it may make us be addicted to games and chatting.
As far as I am concerned, I firmly support the view that we shouldn't get online ferquently.
But this is teenagers' own immature views in most cases.
Air pollution is one of the major problems of the world.
A great deal of energy is needed to run the factories of modern industrial nations.
Automobile, trains, planes and busses need energy, too.
Nearly all of this energy is produced by burning fuels.
Scientists are studying new ways of generating electricity that may be less damaging to the environment.
In the meantime, many power plants are being modernized to give off less polluted material.
However, it may be that we still have a long way to go before we have a clean world.
Nearly all of the countries are trying hard to prevent and control air pollution.
There indeed seems to be no end to tasks that environmentalists will be required to do.
Our parents are the ones who shower us whit uncondition love and care.
They teach us about what is right and wrong, good and bad.
But always tend to take this for granted.
We always think it is their duty to take good care of us, give us everything we want.
We all forget, we don't give them anything.
Many chinese parents think they should give their childe the better than they had when them were children , even it is unreasonable.
Gradually, it became a matter of course.
But I want to say it is unnecessary for parents to give all things to us.
We do have to say  Thank you  to them.
Sometimes a small detail will make parents feel happy all day.
I am writing to tell you one exciting news and I believe you will be amazing after hearing the news.
I have got two concert tickets which concert was held by Lang lang who you love the most.
So this week, I wish you can go with me.
What impresses me most is his overweight.
His belly likes a round watermelon, even larger than watermelon.
A full black beard obscured half of his face.
He also wears a wild moustache.
Look, his eyes disappears while smiling.
Firstly his colour attracts me.
We can clearly see that the bottom colour is white, matching to pink, light blue, purple and rose-pink.
I like the blight rose-pink.
Last weekend my parents and I went to the beach.
The weather was very sunny.
But it was very hot, so we went to the beach, and we went swimming and played with the sand.
The sand was very burning.
It made my feet hurt.
But seawater was a little of cool.
We played in the sea, by ship and catching a fish.
On the beach.
We are runing on the beach.
We enjoy the sunshine.
Then we take a shower.
Last buy bus to go home.
We took many photos.
This is a wonderful tour.
It's accurate that the essay is the valuable possession of its author, but if it will be shared to whoever needs it, it would mean more.
On the other hand, people who download essays online save more time and energy compared with those who look something up in the dictionary.
In their part, the essays with various opinions will let them comprehend the issue objectively and generally.
As a topic being controversial for a long time, downloading essays from the internet has great room from growth.
Nowadays, English has become a universal language , and more and more people start to use it.
Thus, there are some people think that English will play a dominant role in the world.
But some people tends to believe that we should focus on our mother tongue.
As far as I know, those who can use English has been more successful, because English provides them plenty of chances, especially in this population overload age.
Also, Ehglish can make you remove many barriers when you communicate with anyone who does not share the same language with you.
I am a university student.
when i first enter the school, I think it is very beautiful.
but when the time pass, I found some problems on campus.
for example, there are no water for people to drink on the building that students study .
Although it is very small, it is the most important.
You must laugh at the school.
For more, when you want drink boild water, but you will found you should go to dormitory.
This time you must corse the school.
So I think the school should buy some water machine to solve the problem.
It wasn't all rose and sunshine when I was growing up.
Last year, when I enter the university, I wanted to be a class committee in the class, but I didn't know how to do it.
My sister told me if I success ed in running for it, I could learn lots of boastful things.
The teacher had writ en some names, which didn't make mention of me .
So , I kept asking myself, the reason for failure .
In the end, I learned that never, never, never give up.
This year, I success ed to be a class committee.
In recent years, College Graduates have difficulty in employment.
An employment rate has declined.
Firstly, Because most College Graduates'professional knowledge be against their work, they think it unuseful.
Secondly, College Graduates reach for what is beyond one's grasp so that they will be easy to give up.
To change this situation, it has some advice to solve.
On the one hand, the College Graduates should open their mind.
On the other hand, the government should take action to encourage College Graduates to do pioneering work.
From now.
I'll go to school by bike or on foot instead of in a car.
I'll use fewer plastic bagsto reduce white pollution.
In order to save energyI'll plant more trees so that the air will be fresher.
I'll take less lift and reuse water.
At last l will use second-hand books.
If everyone takes action.our enivronment will be better and better.
In my opnion, the most important thing to reach the low-carbon economic is everyone must try their best do what they can do for it.
Study comes first so I should make new goals and improve my study methods.
Hard will I study in the college as I do now.
Second, reading on different kinds of topics can broaden our horizon.
From the first day in 2011, all the indoor public places will be ban smoking in China.
The aim of this report is to make all the indoor public places have no smoking.
The measure to do this aim is posting the no smoking signs.
In fact, there are about 3.5 billion smokers.
About three-forths are male and other are female.
The most important is that there are 5.4 billion people influenced by the second-hand smoke.
My name is S.
I think your after-school activities are very interesting and my after-school activity is interesting too.
But my favorite after-school activity is playing chess.
I have to be ready for school.
Because we have many before school routine such as: the bell rings must be in class, do not talk in the lesson.
And we have many subjects such as: Chemistry, English, Geography, History, IT, Chinese, Math, Physic, PE.
But my after-school routine is very good.
I am often play basketball.
This is my school day.
My name is X.
Nowadays there are a great deal of issues about the environment protection, people's sense of environmental protection are weaker on the condition that we can the phenomenon people cut down trees and waste the papers.
Meanwhile, every country do many efforts to protect the environment from people's destroying behaviour.
Firstly, the government carried out the policy to ban to use the plastic bags, because these bags would become the white pollution, and affect our life quality.
Secondly, the government also declared that private cars should obey the regulations, otherwise, they would be punished.
It is effective to limit the people to waste resources .
In sum, we should take more measures to protect our earth.
Samnel Johnson said:  Curiosity is one of the characteristics of being full of intellectuals in permanent and inevitable.
  This curiosity is intelligent.
Creative thinkers have this curiosity, because they need to collect informations from different resources.
Of course, this curiosity must be different from the curiosity of kill the cat  The  kill the cat  curiosity is used an incorrect way to get people's ideas or secrets.
  Said Alice in wonderland.
Creative activity, though sometimes painful, in essence is to make people happy.
A way to cultivate curiosity is starting to ask more questions.
Whether in talking with others or alone in thinking.
As we all know, the civilization is still developing now since when all variety of consciousness have come into existence in people's mind.
In the past time, we worried about how to make a life, we treated something around us cruelly, but all this just because of characters of that age.
It was arduous for human beings to consider so much aspects under that circumstance.
All the people dreamed of around the clock was just material.
They did everything in order to get much more material wealth.
What's more, people's life were so worthless in some places.
Every moment , a great deal of people get the death penalty because of various charges.
However, during these years, the whole world gets a great advance, including economy, politics, culture.
In one word, we defeated the cruel system of the old world and created the most democratic system in our history.
People begin to pay more attention to their spirit life through these changes.
They show more desire to the freedom and rights.
So people become more polite and more friendly.
And there is no doubt that harmony has become the main melody of the world.
We are trying our best to build a perfect world such as love paradise.
Every thing seems to be better and better, but I have to say, the death penalty is just like a tumour of our healthy body .
We always emphasize that we should protect rights of people, but the death penalty just break our oath.
Maybe we forget that the life itself is just a fundamental right of people.
Life is so holy that nobody has right to end it --nobody.
Although, we just use the death penalty to punish criminals , we still can not cover in the blood of the our hands .
The death penalty only shows the inhumanity of our society.
It is really go against the trend of our time.
Now some countries have canceled the death penalty .
My name is X.
I come from Y Z.
There are five people in my families, including grandparents, mom and dad, and I, I was the only girl.
However, I am not so dependent on my family, I am very independent, I have my own idea.
I am swarm and loving to listen to the girl hope to make friends with me.
I like to read detective novels.
l am very easy to think too much, of course, I also like watching movie and listening to music.
I don't like to eat pork, but I like fruit very much.
Harry Porter is the best what I like to see the book, Harry not only taught me to be brave in front of difficulties, the important thing is that we have parents, we are happy, know how to Thanksgiving.
In the university I should own my beahave first .
Second , the other importance thing is to master the knowledge.
I want to be an excellent merchandiser.
I must strive to.
I come from S , T.
I am a nineteen-year-old girl.
There six peopel in my family, my parends and my gradparends, my sister and me.
My sister is a middle school student I have many hobbis.
The first, I like playing basketball with friends in my free time .
The second one is going shopping with boys and girls in the weekend .
The last one is find some good food to eat.
My dream job is work in corporation with foreign capital.
I want to build my Interpersonal circle.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a waiter.
I have some experience and I enjoy working with people and am interested in a career in the catering company when I leave the senior high school.
Maybe I cannot do it well at the starting, but I must be make my great efforts.
I am thinking day-to-day, why collage students have lots of unhealthy habbits.
For example, they are staying up become more and more general, hitting the slats use more and more time.
They can games long time, but they spend time in learing only little.
They also can eat junkfood every time, but their body became too bad.
Even, the collage students having smook or drink and thinking that this behave is fashion.
Perhaps, they ar solitary and they want to get happy or let others attention.
They are having so much unhealthy habbits, because they are lazy or not time to rest.
In my opinion, collage students loosed their confident and drame, using decadent and misty instead it.
They need advantagesat this stage in spite of resulting in the future.
It's likely to be thought that diet we choose have nothing to do with environment.
But from now on , we have to change this idea.
If most of us choose meat-based diet, a body of animals will be supplied.
And then, it requires vast resources to raise feed shelter transport process and package them slaughted.
Besides, grazing and growing food for animals take up vast land so that it results in topsoil loss and waste of resource.
Furthermore, animals wastes pollute the well, river and so on.
These phenomena have an impact on our nomal life.
From the earth, we can draw a conclusion that diet is related to our environment.
I have some bad habits.
I always to get up late, and I never drink milk, I think milk is very bad.
I usually watch TV at least 5 hours a week, and I often eat junk food.
But I have some good habits, too.
I eat fruit 5 times a week.
I read books every day.
I hardly ever play computer games, but I often use the Internet for study.
However, considering environment , maybe it is not a good news.
Therefore, government agencies in some big cities intend to put a pollution tax  on private cars which has caused quite a stir among public.
With the rapid development of economy and the remarkable improvement of people , it is the environmental problem that arouses wide public concern.
In our country, the air pollution is the most severe one.
Firstly, there are some factories exhaust emissions which violate effluent standards.
Secondly, due to the technology, the sulfur dioxide and other poisonous gas are exhausted easily.
Fortunately, there are some people advocating us trying to solve the problem to protect our environment.
To our delight , some scientists devote themselves to reforming and improving the technology.
As a matter of fact, the solution of air pollution is not a man can do but all of us.
I just use the time to study when others are drinking coffee.
Just as the saying goes, Modesty makes one progress.
I'm a common college student from XX university.
I would appreciate it if you could do me a favor and help to recommend a little girl who has just start schooling and can not afford the tuition.
My plan is to support her by taking responsibility of all her cost on education until she finnish her 9-year compulsory education.
I prepare to remit my donation directly to her bank account If possible.
To help a child to realise his school dream is always what I'm desiring to do.
The climate in Tianjin is very easy to adapt.
It cold in winter but not frozen and the summer in Tianjin is a bit long and hot.
There are many delicious food in Tianjin specially which concluded in our breakfast menu.
I appreciate the literature you sent on the company's insurance programs.
Thanks also for offering to answer questions I may have concerning these benefits, when I report to you for orientation at 9:00 a.m on Monday, March 25.
I appreciate your help in processing the employment papers and look forward to meeting you soon.
Nowadays, everyone is eager to attain success .
is exceedingly difficult.
In contrast, in my opinions, the way to success always has a number of obstacles, which we never may face with.
As far as I am concerned , if you have confidence , you might as well smile in life.
No pains, no gains.
Whatever you do , diligence is absolutely essential.
In addition, we also need some friends, who can second and help us .
The way to success is filled with many temptations.
It is crucial for us to learn to refuse it .
Being a successful man is our dream for everyone .
We should intend to get through some obstacles.
Being humble to accept kinds of suggestions.
Advertising is created with the selling.
In old ages, people yelling to those shoppers to convince them buy their goods.
If you have a nice voice and have a unique expression, those customers might pay more attention to your goods.
This is a kind of effective economical methods.
In this modern society, with the created of the media like radio, internet, TV peoples are making abundant ways of advertising.
However, things are all have tow sides.
There is no doubt that it saves peoples time, but we can't ignore those guys who have a bad ambition.
What they only cares are their financial profit, their goods have bad quality and they don't offer after-sale service.
So, what we should do.
Only we can do is not trust those businessman so easily, we should make our decision after compared with others goods.
My name is G. I am tidy.
And my room is very tidy, too.
Look, my black books and white tapes are on the bookcase.
My green pencil is in my pencil box.
And my pencil box is yellow and is in my schoolbag.
My schoolbag is blue and black.
Yeah, it is under the sofa.
My notebooks are on the desk.
And my ruler and eraser are on the desk, too.
I have a map from China.
It is on the wall.
It is big and nice.
And I have a clock.
It is on my desk.
Because it can tell me the time.
But at present when many students into the university that they find the university true beautiful and there are many good students .
So that they start have no confident .
And so on.
With the development of technology, more and more families buy comperters and more people use computers to chat.
So it's easy for them to bring favor to each other on the Internet.
There are different opinions about cyber love.
In my opinion, I disagree cyber love.
First, on the Internet, we can't know each other very much.
He maybe a bad man in the reality, but on the Internet, he can pretend a gentleman, so you can't know what is really and what is false.
After all, the Internet is virtual.
Second, I think true love is based on the ups and downs of lovers in daily life.
Therefore, on the Internet, we can't experience the ups and downs in our life, we can only pour our emotions on the Internet.
The last but not least, the common saying say distance produce beauty  , but most people proved, long distance make the lovers' love become more and more light.
At last, they had to part.
Cyber love is also like it.
We are very pleased to receive your order No.
We accept the order and are enclosing you our Sales Confirmation No.321 in duplicate of which please countersign and return one copy to us for our file.
You choose our company, so we will try our best to meet your requirement.
As the saying goes, the early bird catches the worm.
Two years ago, if my memory serves me well, I was involved in a math competition.
Having won the first prize some times before, I didn't feel nervous any more.
So confident was I that I prepared nothing for the contest.
Contrary to my expectation, I achieved nothing instead.
Absorbed in disappointment, I became a man with few words.
Not knowing why I lost in the contest, I consult my classmates about their secrets to the success.
To my surprise, all of them thought that preparing for the contest ahead of the schedule was the key factor.
I felt much better when I found out the reason why I lost.
It's obvious that hard work is the key factor to the success.
As people's growing requirements of books, e-book was born.
Nowadays e-book has been already quite popular.
You do not have to drive your car, wait for the traffic and reach the bookstore to buy some books.
It is very convenient for you to download many books and read them on the e-book.
E-book is compact and easy to carry.
Every coin has two sides.
E-book has disadvantages.
First, The technology of e-book still needs developing.
There existed deficiencies in e-book.
Second, e-book is much more expensive than a book.
From the view of benefit, most people would rather go to bookstores to buy books.
As far as I am concerned, in the near future, e-book and books will coexist.
Both of them have complementary advantages.
We can not abandon traditional reading.
My favorite dreaming destination in Europe is the developed country called Switzerland.
Switzerland, which covers an area of 41000 square kilometers, is located in Central Europe.
It has a population of 7,500,000 and its capital is Berne.
Which attracts me most is the beautiful scenery in this country.
After all, it is known as the garden of the world.
As everyone knows Swiss watches are the most famous around the world.
I like Swiss watches very much and I also have several pieces of Swiss watches such as Longine.
Tissot.
That's all that I want to introduce to you.
As is shown in the picture, the rumors is spread wildly, it is like bombs for people.
From my point of view, the first nut to crack is to improve the awareness of controllers and make some punishment to the rumor-makers.
With the quickily increasing of private cars from 2005 to 2014, there are many traffic accidets cased by ignoring rules and regulations.
We all know that private cars are popular with us, which leds to our road traffic mainly.
What annoys me is that even though there are many traffic laws place restrictions on drivers not to do harm to others , many drivers know the law but break it.
I think the policeman should strict enforcement of law and we shoule also give a hand.
Only we are in a term can we avoid our heavy road traffic.
And when we do that like the old lady in the photo on Sina Weibo we must protect ourselves firstly.
It is important of the relationship between laws and our life.
The emergence of the laws in order to the society development.
Whether it is developing countries or developed countries, all the law have limited.
we can only help poor families provide food and clothes.
And now the young people is short of law language and cause a lot of harm.
On the one hand, the college students should be protected ownself health and money safe.
On the other hand, the college students should be known how to protect benefits.
New ideas help businesses gain an advantage over their rivals.
Employees who generate these new ideas-who practice the art of creative thinking are one of a company's greatest.
The Art of Creative Thinking shows the reader practical ways of becoming a more creative thinker.
After reading that book, I feel more confident.
Nothing is impossible.
If we try our best to do, to think, we will gain what we want to have.
Other signs that you may be in an abusive relationship include a partner who belittles you or tries to control you, and feelings of self-loathing, helplessness, and desperation.
If you're hesitating-telling yourself that it's none of your business, you might be wrong, or the person might not want to talk about it-keep in mind that expressing your concern will let the person know that you care and may even save his or her life.
In fact, abusive behavior and violence is a deliberate choice made by the abuser in order to control you.
My Favorite Way of Learning.
it is critical to do more reading, writing, listening and speaking.
about the novel in English and newspaper , that can help you a lot when do the reading.
secondly , keep on listen to the English waves , and keep a diary .
Thirdly , I think you can go to the English corner , that can improve you oral English.
Besides, learling by heart as many well-know essays as possible is also very important.
A language exists, beacause a lot of people speak it.
We can practice again and again to remember what we learned.
My ways of learning English have a disadvantage which is speaking.
With the development of econmical, online shopping has been a fashion.
erery corns has two sizes.
we need to wait, we cannot get what we buy at once.
 if we buy a clothes on.
it.
we can not try it on.
in my opinion.
even online shopping is easy for US.
we cannot rely on it completeLy.no matter whatwe buy we should think twice.
This afternoon, I see a movie and the movie is Frozen.
At evening, I watch this film on the internet.
There are about seven persons in the movie(chief).
Elsa is a country's king, she is kind and smart.
Anna is Elsa's younger sister, she is brave and kind.
Weselton is a bad man, he is arrogant.
I think he likes AnLuShan.
I like Elsa the best, though she is a girl.
I think Frozen has lots of about love's stories and it is bad for students.
Hello.
My name is W.
There are four persons in my family.
My mother is a doctor.
So I am proud of my mother.
I am very outgoing and friendly.
I majored in English.
Because I think swimming is good for our health.
So I always go swimming in daily life.
If you like it as me, we can together.
In daily life, I like reading some books, like history and English books.
Such as teaching lessons and cashier.
I do happy in these part-time jobs.
I really enjoy my life.
As you know, we need clear water and fresh air to keep our daily life.
On one hand, we talk about the air pollution.
If we ignore the discharge capacity from the industries, it still has many sources that can result in air pollution.
For example, the air-conditioning, the vehicle emission, oil-smoking, barbecue and so on.
Because Yangzhou is a famous historical city, it attracts many travelers coming here yearly and the problem is more serious.
We can usually smell a strong , orating smell from the sewer.
On the other hand, we notice the water pollution.
The rivers of Yangzhou are becoming polluted with garbage and dangerous chemicals including Slender West Lake.
We usually see some plastic bottles and waste-papers floating on the lake.
Some clear water is becoming black and smelly.
As far as I am concerned, it is of great urgency to solve the problem.
We not only should use our hands to protect our home, but also build up environmental awareness.
About meaningful life, I think that I must be happy.
First, I will read some books to open my view, for me, and books can enrich my free life.
Reading books can also make me smart.
Next, I may do exercise.
I could run every day, or Ipaly badminton with my friends.
In addition to these, Iwant to play chess with my pupil, it can make us get along.
At college, Having fun is very important.
Living in an environment full of fiercer competition, we, a generation born in the 90s, are faced with more problems in entering higher schools and getting employed.
Nowadays, Low-carbon Lifestyle is being more and more popular, especially among many young people.
Low-carbon Lifestyle is a kind of lifestyle which urge people to live a very simple life.
For example we can take bus to school or ride a bicycle instead of driving car, which can help us to save money and effort.
This lifestyle in order to reduce carbon dioxide , and make our environment more beautiful.
This lifestyle is for everyone and everyone can do something for this popular lifesyle.
As far as I am concerned , we must do some thing to live a low-carbon life to save our enviroment.
High ackonwledged college student as we are , we should do something to save our environment and live a Low-carbon Lifestyle .
There are lots of tings we can do to save us environment such as walk more and use less fossil fuel this will make our shy cleaner .
we also can turn off light when we are away, which can help save a lot electricity.
So as to save wood we can use all of paper both sides.
Rmanber this small effort will make big difference.
Nowadays, more and more people read of books.
Such is the remark made dy Bacon  knowledge is power  .
But we are likely to see someone call phone in the library.
So some people think that playing mobile phone in the library shoud restricted.
Because phone calls restrict people will be affecte.
Reading makes people cannot concentrate on reading, At the sometime, some people think that use to call phones should not limit, in the library.
As we can see in this picture, a son that he is worry about disposing of nuclear waste.
Nonetheless his father told him, if he can empty dustbin here, he can do anything.
This picture tells us that we should pay attention to small things, do like this we can do everything easily.
In this conversation, the father advises his son to do small things before undertaking something big.
In the other word, doing small things is the first step of success and only doing good on small things we will success.
There is no doubt that one of the great differences between success and failure is small things.
Usually, we always ignore some small details, so we always face failure.
In my opinion, it is importance for us to do well in small things with a serious attitude.
In the other word, we should prepare of every details before big things.
It's my pleasure to extend an invitation to you to the seminar about global warming to be held in my college.
I am one of the organizers of the seminar and I know you are an expert in this field.
I think the seminar must be more wonderful with your attendance and I hope that you won't decline my invitation.
  Time has been transformed, and we have changed; it has advanced and set us in motion; it has unveiled its face, inspiring us with bewilderment and exhilaration.
The understanding of the passage of time is the main theme in the essay of Once More to the Lake by E.
I am lisa.
I am a middle school student.
I like reading and playing ping-pong.
I used to watch TV at first after school, but i an used to doing my homework now.
I like playing ping-pong in my free time.
Nowadays, many college students have no the ability to do housework.
So there are some students hire the clenaners to help them do some cleaning.
The phenomenon has caused discussion whether college students should hire cleaners.
There are several points to improve my opinion.
First, it is harmful to the students' independence and growth for them to hire cleaners.
A healthy person is not only good at learning knowledges, but also have the capability to themselves things, which can make them take care of themselves better.
Second, doing housework by ourselves will make us diligent.
If we hire a cleaner to do all our cleaning, we will become lazier and lazier.
It is not good for us to develop a high quality.
Third, hiring cleaners need a sum of money.
And college students can't afford to pay the wages to cleaners by themselves.
If they hire a cleaner, they must have to ask their parents for extro money.
Nowadays.college students need money in many aspects, the parents live with pressure.
From what I have said above, we can clearly see the disadvantage of college students' hiring cleaners.
After a long tough journey, Chinese people have made achievements in national rejuvenation and succeeded in a variety of fields including science, technology and politics.
Apparently, the stronger teenagers become, the better our country will be.
Therefore, teenagers are responsible for strengthen ourselves and make devotions to our country.
It's of great significance that the education on teenagers will make for future progress in science and technology.
Taking Ning Zetao who is a young outstanding swimmeras an example, he proved himshlf to be a rising star during 17th Asian Games.
Personally, as a common student, we can also take responsibilities for national rejuvenation.
First and foermost, it's necessany for us to try our best to complete our present study.
There is a growing trend nowadays for many persons to shop online.
Online shopping becomes more and more popular, however, everything has two sides.
First of all, it is more convenient that every person can just stay at home whenever to purchase products.
Secondly, the most essential thing which perhaps is you can buy anything you want.
Consequently, you don't have to waste a lot of time to seek for.
Convenient as it is, it also has some issues.
For example, you can just see the physical sample.
Don't expect to try them personally.
Meanwhile, the real goods used to be different in you have seen on the internet.
So it must deceive you easily.
As is known to all, reading is a very important way in our studies.
There are many advantages in extensive reading.
To begin with, reading give us new horizons.
We can travel around the world by reading.
Moreover, it can help us improve oral language abilities.
On the other hand, the first-hand is important, too.
However, it has many differences compared with reading.
In conclusion, both read and action are essential.
It's necessary to combine reading with action.
May 1st, International Workers'Day, My May day is labour day.
We will have a 3-day holiday.
I am going to do a lot of things with my family and friends.
I and my father, mother and sister didn't go shopping.
I plan to make up early in the morning to get some exercises.
When I get health from sport, then I will spend a few time on readings.
In the afternoon, I will play computer game with friends via internet.
But sitting too much of time at the computer isn't good for health.
I will do some housekeeping to help my parents.
  Shakespeare said.
So, if we want to succeed, we should build up self-confidence.
First, I think the best way is to diversify your life experience.
In the other means, know yourself as well as the enemy and you can fight a hundred battles with no danger and defeat.
If you have rich life experience, you will be more confidence.
Second, remember that no one is perfect.
Even the most confidence people have insecurities.
At some point in any of our lives, we may feel we lack something.
That is reality.
Third, learn how to give yourself a pep talk.
We all have our down moments, moments of doubt, confusion and uncertainty.
When that happens, we must learn how to restore self-confidence.
One way is to understand that everyone goes through such moments.
Another is to remember past successes, visualize the desired outcome and keep at it.
Finally, look in the mirror and smile.
Studies surrounding what's called the  facial feedback theory  suggest that the expressions on your face can actually encourage your brain to register certain emotions.
In conclusion, self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.
You acquire it by doing, learning, accomplishing, and persisting.
Please believe that I am the best one in the world and I can do many things for others.
We havn't see for a long time.
On the first day, I went out with my friend.
We saw the newest film and went skating.
We all enjoy ourselves very much.
The second day had a havily rain.
So I had to stay at home.
I did my homework at first.
And then, I helped my mother do some housework.
Well, so much for this.
Many people argue that in order to improve educational quality continuously, students are encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teaches.
Of the two views discussed above, I am in favor of the second one, because respecting for our teachers is the most important aspect.
If we students make comments or even criticism directly on teaches, those teacher would feel embarrassed .
Besides, after being criticized by their students, those teachers may lose the confidence and smile hence.
As far as I'm concerned, making comments or even criticism on teaches is not a complete method in both respects.
Maybe parents and students should find another way such as chatting with the problem teacher, writing a note and etc.
In addition, we students should try to change ourselves rather than the teachers.
In a word, we students should respect the teachers and direct their mistake in a polite way rather than make comments and criticism straightforward.
Nowadays, college students still gain text knowledge, this is a super thing.
a skillful person.
While becoming underground, college students should join social practice.
Firstly, we should make use of sparing time, so that we have time to do a job.
Secondly, we should earn money to decrease parent's stress.
At the same time, we also have duty to love our friends and relatives, this will increase our confidence.
As we know, The Chinese culture is long standing and broad and profound.
Especially, the literature play an important party.
In ancient times, people are believes  All occupations are base only book-learning is exalted.
Firstly, we can learn a lot from literature and used to our daily life, because literature is the crystallization of the wisdom of their.
Secondly, we can through literature to understanding the ancient society, we well know more about our nation developing.
  Ah oh.
I am a student.
I learn English by six years but my English was wery bad.
In my old class, we had six groups about english.
I thingk the most effective way to learn English is that remember new words and reading books every day.
Because we can have a good feel of English by this way.
is my opinion.
Just a single words, however , it contains a lot of moral.
Wether now or the past, everyone is hard for a living and living for money.
Buying , selling and trading is in evitable since ancient times people lifestyle .
However, people but in oder to the intersts of unscrupulous .
In oder to obtain a lot of money, they using a variety of means , and even some violations .
For example , people are cutting down lots of trees for many years, untill now, because it can be used to earn much money.
But it does harm to nature.
Now , our survival of the trees on the land less and less.
Because of this, so our people are suffering the punishment of nature.
Nowadays , with economic development in the world, the lifetyle more and more fashion .
People killing elephants for ivory, killing rhinocers for rhinoceros's horn.
killed the tiger for its skins and bones, killed the bear for bear's paw, and the killing of sea turtles for turtles shells.
In oder to protect the wild animals , the people of insight have also done a lot of effort.
However , as there are a lot of people have bad habits of eating game.
So , a considerable part of the restaurant, the restaurant appeal to their preferances in oder to make money then vote diners, the introduction of a variety of game dishes.
Where there is demands, there will be suppliers.
The wild animals in the world less and less .
so, our human beings should think about it.
No business , no killing.
As we all know, with the development of science and technology, net-writing is becoming more and more popular.
Net-writing has been labeled as unfavorable writing  by some people in that they think things written on the Internet have little literary merit, but others believe that net-writing is going to persist and survive.
Net-writing offers equal opportunities for everyone who wishes to write .
It gives us access to what would have not been published and yet is extremely valuable.
Also, net-writing is spontaneous and we can use it to exchange ideas before we come up with really brilliant .
Net-writers can lace their writings with strange acronyms and smileys, the crucial stroke combinations used to convey various facial expression.
And it all flows together quite smoothly.
Almost any kind of information can be found in the net-writing.
There are electronic magazines that a deal with ghost stories, poetry, or children's stories.
As far as I can see, net-writing will continue to boom.
This is not only in that we need to exchange ideas on the Internet , but also in that we need to do it fast since we can't afford excessive time in this information age.
In a sense, net-writig is probably the most efficient way of doing all this.
Nowadays, with the development of economy and the improvement of people's living standards.
To this, each person has different opinions.
Some people suppose online shopping has made our daily life more convenient and comfortable.
Because they think that shopping on the internet can recuse them a great deal of time on the way between home and store.
They will have more time and energy to spend on their work.
And they can even ignore the distance to purchase what they need in other countries.
Nerveless a few of people have different opinion, they think lack of the face to face trade make online shopping less reliable and dependable.
In addition, they can't try them on personally.
In my opinion, I think shopping on the internet is a double-edged sword, Because it has some advantages and disadvantages.
Shopping on the internet makes our life become wealthy and colorful.
It also saves much time for us.
But online shopping will let us buy a lot of things we don't need, So that it is easy to make us into economic crisis.
One month ago, I stayed at my hometown with my parents and friends.
But everything changed so fast.
In order to go on my schoolwork, I had to leave my hometown for the strange city, Changchun.
At first, it is necessary to become independent.
When I was in senior high school, I can go home every day.
But I only go home twice a year now which means that I must make some crucial decisions.
Then the college is much bigger than my old school.
I always lost my way when I 'm a new comer.
Luckily, I'm familiar with college's way at present.
What's more, the atmosphere of college and senior high school is not the same.
Our teachers teach us in English all the time.
A few days ago there was a terrible thing which gave me a punishment.
It is that my mobile phone was stolen when I went shopping.
I had put all my important information in the phone.
I can't help but do nothing.
On the one hand, I realise that it's never too careful to treat your goods.
Now here I am, I think it's needful to take good advantage of my spare time.
As the proverb goes, no pains, no gains.
Only to try my best can I achieve my dream and do much more things.
With the development of English study, more and more students ignore the spelling of English words.
This problem results from some certain reasons.
Firstly, teachers emphasize the importance of communication in English too much, rather than paying more attention to spelling English words.
Secondly, as students learn more and more vocabularies, they disorder different words, lacking of understanding of them.
To begin with, as for educators who teach the begin of English learning, teachers have the duty to emphasize the importance of spelling English words to students.
English study is a complete system, so we should balance the elements of it.
If we could not spell a word completely, nobody can understand ourselves, causing the function of English as a communication tool.
Last but not least, be positive.
Do not be afraid to project your strengths and qualities to others.
In concluded, self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.
I know that you hope to know something interesting about Chinese Spring Festival.
Above all, The Spring Festival is the most important festival in a year in Chinese heart.
Its importance is similar to Christmas Day in Western countries.
What's more, people usually prepare the Spring Festival in half a month ahead of this important day.
Before the festival, people need to do many things for festival.
Such as cleaning the room, going to the supermarket, putting up the couplet and so on.
Men who work away the hometone hurry home to celebrate the festival.
Finally, during the Spring Festival, all of the family members eat dinner together.
The commonest customs is that set off the fircracker and eat the dumplings.
Third, it is convenient for us to obtain information .
We can see from the picture, a father talking to his son.
The father's words seemed humorous, but this is the truth.
There is a saying in China  doing small things before undertaking something big  .
For example, when we learn English at the beginning, we should master a lot of words, because regardless of the conversation or writing a composition, we need to use a lot of words.
Mastery of word is the basis for us to learn English well.
From these examples, unquestionably, doing small things is the first step of success and will lay root for doing something big.
By doing something small, we are enabled to accumulate experience, master skills and train ourselves to be more patirnt.
Nowadays, with the development of the Internet, communicating with the net friends is becoming more and more popular.
On the other hand, if they are far away from their friends, they used to write letters to contract with each other for they have no choice.
For some people, it only does harm to them.
In their opinion, chat online just make people cold in their relationships.
As a tourist who live in other place, the representative is not our own, but the image of our country.
I am a freshman at Shu Hsien University.
My major is English.
I am an optimistic and ambitious girl.
I am not sure what I am going to do.
However, I expect myself to be a successful person.
So I do everything at my best now.
I study hard and play hard.
I spend much time in improving my English skill every day.
It is lucky of us to have so many ways to learn English nowadays.
After finishing studying, I often go to a cinema to watch movies or read a book, which can make me not only leave the hustle and bustle of life for a while but broaden my horizon.
I have a part-time job at a boutique.
I developed my sense of beauty when I was introducing pictures or decorations to customers.
Promoting vegan diet is the most important task in my life.
I think everyone should respect every single creature.
Animals are our friends and they respect us very much, we should by no means eating them.
I often recommend famous vegan restaurant to my friends and go on street to tell people the truth of what they eat.
Working hard to pass the Tofle Exam is the task I am undergoing recently for I am eager to studying abroad and experiencing new cultures and making new friends.
Chinese learning style can quickly let the student learn something and can quickly improve the learning efficiency.
English impressed us not only is the second language we learned, But also can know the other countries culture and history easily.
Old English is from AD500 to 1100.
The history of the English language began over 1500 years in the north of Europe.
Middle English is from AD1100 to 1500.
In 1066, The Normans conquered England , The conquered conquering the conqueror.
Speak france is a symbol of wealthy, Only the poor were speak the English.
But in the late 14 th century, English became the first language again.
Morden English was divided into early morden English and late morden English.
You can find that English has absorbed a large number of ancient society and culture.
Nowadays, English has developed into a worldwide language.
It is necessary for us to learn the language hard.
Because it will catch up with the feet of the development in the world.
Some people hold the opinion that it's favorable to get up early to work.
Others , however, think quite differently on this issue.
In their view, they are in favor of getting up late and working until late at night.
Firstly, it's beneficial to our physical health.
Getting up early can ensure that we have enough time to have breakfast and do some exercises , which can put a good foundation for a day's work .
Secondly, it's positive for our mental health.
We will be less stressed in that we make fully preparations for our job in the early morning.
In this time and age, the problem of contaminated food have aroused public attention.
Appearently enough, there are some negative impacts which we should not ignore.
To begin with, contaminated food may damage the health of people.
Sanlu milk powder is a case in point, which induce through of baby to suffer severe disease.
If we let this situation continue as it is, our economy will be impeded.
In view of the seriousness of the situation, effective measure should be taken before things get worse.
First and foremost, it is suggested that public should enhance their awareness of not buying some inferior quality commodity.
In the second place, it is essential that regulation should be worked out and enfored to guarantee the right of consumers.
Although there are so many advantages and kind people, you may get some trouble, I guess.
Along with the rapid development of the society, the increasing numbers of problems stir up our attention, one of which is the problem of the fog and hanze.
The first reason is that more and more people have their own cars that release a large amount of waste gas, which contributes to the fog and hanze.
In addition, the wide use of coal leads to the fog and hanze as well.
It is high time that something should be done upon it.
On one hand, people should reduce the using of private car and they can choose riding bike.
On the other hand, the government ought to strengthen effective management about the industry and the wide use of coal.
Chinese government has decided to ban smoking in public place, it will start from 2010 January 1st in order to prevent people from smoking in all public place.
I think books can play a important role in one's life.
When that happens, the world opens.
Reading makes a full man.
Read is a critical part of learning and growth.
I'm glad to receive your letter asking for my advice on how to learn Chinese well.
Generally speaking, yochoosu'd better enter a Chinese Class which is choosed by most foreigners who determine to lear Chinese well.
Besides me, you can build wonderful friendships with many other Chinese that will play an important part in improving your skills.
Also, it is of great benefit for you to read Chinese books and magazines.
Nowadays, with the situation that many college students are spending a lot of time on the Internet.
, people are becoming increasingly aware of the great significance of the issue that whether college students may live in a virtual world and isolate themselves from their friends or not.
One of the primary causes is that Internet provide a new and convenient way for us.
Hence, the appropriate use of making friends can get across to individual closely.
Another reason that can be seen by every person is that Internet will let us associate with each other rather than isolate ourselves from our friends.
Taking into account of all these factors, we may draw a conclusion that it is undeniable that Internet is of great significance .
Everyone has own unforgettable experiences no matter what did they take for you.
First of all, I want to go to a good school for further study.
  That means if you want to get something, you must be paid fistly.
What's more, I don't know how to apply to all the persons who care about me so much especially my parents.
Maybe it wants to teach me how to face with the changing.
Nawadays, the gap between parents and their children is still a severe problems.
Like most people, I and my parents also have generation gap.
They said I would use mobile phone to play games and chat with others.
How can we solve this problem.
I think that the most important is to forbear and understand each other.
The diffrent generations should respect each other and try to understand each other through communication.
If we can do so .
But nowadays, in summer people wearing T-shirt .
In the picture , we can see that a man who in the computer is throwing mines to other people.
As we all know, the computers are becoming more and more general in our daily life.
Online rumors like a mine that is definite time.
Nobody can know when it detonating, because it is hidden in our surroundings.
Online rumors sometimes can do harm to our reputation.
Also, online rumors can destroy our family, career and our future .
In addition, online rumors can screen our eyes and lead us not to see the fact.
As is known by us, there are two types of reading for pleasure and for learning.
Though I always read for learning, I prefer reading for pleasure to reading for learning.
Firstly, reading for pleasure not only can bring me fun, but also it can have a good influence on my families and make them smile.
For instance, if a book is very filled with fun, I would keep it in mind.
Consequently, I can memorize the words easily.
On the contrary, if I read a book for learning, not only can't I get the knowledge easily, but also I would be lost fun.
So I would rather choose the reading for pleasure than the reading for learning.
As a student I need to read the message and I won't give up the reading for pleasure.
In summary, reading for pleasure is the best way to read, which not only can help you gain knowledge but also laughter.
And ambition is about forming our own destiny.
However we need to acknowledge that ambition plays an important role in our daily life, because it is a guide for us to make decisions and choices.
Though he had not a father, he was surrounded by other people.
They tried their best to help him.
He becam unluckily and sad.
Today our teacher in last lesson let us play a game.
First, the teacher requair tha we are intn two gruops.
Then, we are should try one by one up painting.
But the game of rules need we must put on the bilnd pack and ask us can only one pen in the game start before.
When we talk about how arrange the stratgy i obsever our students who are excited.
After the teacher announced the begning of the game, we follow the rules.
After the game although not our group to win, but i am not disappoined because we are very jioy in the game .
With economy developing.
It has common that many students use phones in school.
It aslo help students learn about vast kownleable.
The advantages of using phones are that students can open the mind which is knowledge in the books.
As the provecb goes, every points have two sides.
Some people think it has badeffect on studing .
Our college entrance examination will be changed in 2 years, especially for English exam.
In my opinion, this change is good for students.
We can only have one examination now, and it means that we have only one chance to choose our college.
So, now a new policy will be carried out that students can choose the time and the times.
It's really good news for students.
English is our second language, but we spend too much time on it.
If we can define it as a skills, we may not concentrate on grade.
I got there earlier.
Zhejiang Sunshine Cashmere Co.
I am very interested in the position for a assistant to General Manager that you advertised on today's China Daily .
i studied business administration as my major at Guizhou University.
i am very outgoing and optimistic.
i have work experience in programming and operating computers.
Teachers are very important for us.
They teach us many kinds of knowledge, and tell us sense.
In my heart, good teachers have many advantages.
They all rich in knowledge, kind and patient, and always love to talk to students, often talk many interesting things to us in class.
Sometimes strict and unsmiling.
Good teachers also try to be one of students.
They often take good care of students, and put students as friends.
Good teachers can make us more excellent.
It's my honor to have the chance to deliver a speech here and I am grateful for it.
Of course l am not the only person who want to be the position of chairman of our school's Students' Union.
In the other hand.
If I am fortunate elected l will try my best to serve you.
However, this phenomena causes lots of serious problems.
As we all know, drunken driving not only do harm to individuals but also to society.
Many people were killed by accidents caused by drunken driving.
Though people know the risk of drunken driving, such tragedies still happen frequently.
As for me, there are two main reasons.
The first one is the car drivers usually lacks of the sense of social responsibility.
They did not take life as a sacred thing , being ignorant of the significance of people's life.
Another reason is the government did not take effective measures to solve this problem.
Undeniably, drunken driving is a tough task, which can not be easily overcome .
It is impossible to make such tragedies never happen again.
But with some simple methods, maybe we can reduce the seriousness of the problem .
First of all, the public should enhance the awareness of drunken driving, especially the drivers and people accompanied with the drunken drivers.
When a person drinks a lot , his friend or relative should take place of him, making sure the driver of a car keep a clear head.
Second, some related organizations, like driving schools, should emphasize the concept of safety and regulations of driving during the education.
If everyone be aware of drunken driving at any time, our society will not confront so many tears and sadness .
As is showed above, four young people are having dinner.
However, instead of talking with each other, everyone is playing her or his mobile phone.
The above picture is to remind us of the advantages and disadvantages of the mobile phone.
Thanks to the development of human civilization, we can use mobile phone.
It is convenient for us to connect with each other.
We can use mobile phone to do a lot of things online.
But when we play with mobile phone, we forget to talk with people in the real world.
Accordingly, when enjoying the convenience of mobile phone, we should remember its advantages and avoid its harmful part.
We should talk with each other face to face when we have a dinner instead of playing mobile phone.
We should not spend too much time using mobile phone.
We should pay more attention to the real world.
In my opinion, the generation gap can boost the relationship between parents and childeren .
course , it can also bring badly influence to them .
I'm applying for the postgraduate courses which is arranged for foreign students.
I'm an English major and will graduate this June.
While pursing my dual major, I have maintained an above-average performance in my academic work.
It's a great honor to study in your university.
I have enclosed a resume and I will be available for an interview at your convenience.
When our school announced the performance, Tom is my friend who was at the top of all the students.
I feel really sad and I asked Tom how to study well.
He suggested studying together with him and he also agreed to help me make up missed lesson.
In order to make a change in this terrain.
My aim is to make sure I can make progress in study.
But we can not give up eating because of choking, the disadvantage should be avoided if we take the effective measures, such as establish the supervise and punishment system, or improve the third part which can be managed using market and competition mechanism.
Historically, death penalty, originating from the feudal system, is the epitome of durance and tyranny.
While dating back to 1900's or even earlier, Tang Dynasty, we can easily figure out this sadistic punishment having ever been withdrawn by the governor.
Anthropologically, with the evolution of human beings ascending from inferior to superior, from savage to civilized, we conceived the concept of human rights in which the right of existence lies the dominant.
Juridically, in essence does the law function as a bondage to bind the interior villainy so that the moderation and harmony can be accomplished.
To illustrate, just as we do operations to heal our inflamed organs instead of removing them, so the law should attempt to administrate every criminal correcting themselves.
Providing a criminal was sentenced to death, it's useless to compensate for his error and what's worse, his family could be entangled into multitude of prejudice and humiliation.
As a consequence, the juridical system with breaches of incompleteness ought to be ameliorated rather than undergo erroneous or unfair judgement.
The reader can get the information from the passage Dropping pesos into laofrenda box, lighting votive candles and genuflecting, blessing herself and kissing her thumb.
And Uncle Baby--You go for me, Mama--God listens to you.
The grandmother's care and her faith here indicated that in Mexico society, the people have a firm and sincere faith.
We can read there  Michelle's grandmother is waiting inside behind a plate of thick glass.
We can't play with a girl.
Although it is different from the new world.
Nowadays, the popular concept of owning home as a requirement is driving many people apart as the dream becomes unattainable.
I am Li Yue, a student from Class 1, Senior II.
I'm writing to discuss about the recent phenomenon taht people scribble and litter at places of interest.
And I strongly call on these people to stop.
First of all, scribbing and littering show the disrespect of the wonderful sightscenes.
We come to these amasing places as unexpected visitors.
We'd better do not disturb the host.
What's more.
Everyone has the moral code.
Nowadays online shopping has become a fashion.
And many people are in favor of it.
As we know, online shopping has many advantages.
For example, it's convenient for people to buy something they need.
People just have a look online.
It's no need to go to the supermarket.
However, online shopping also has many disadvantages.
Some people cheat online and commit a crime.
Sometimes the customer is cheat by the businessman.
In my opinion, we should be in favor of the way of shopping online.
But everybody should be aware of the condition of the bargain.
And the goverment should do something useful to protect online shopping.
I'm L.
I want to tell you a message that China will hold the olympic Games in 2008.
I want to invite you to our homeland in August.
Therefore, chinese try his best to sure it successful.
To be honest, I like playing basketball, volleyball and football, but I like playing basketball more a little.
I usually play basketball twice a week.
If you come to China, I will be very happy.
The seventh daughter of the goddess of heaven visited the earth.
Her name is Zhi Nv.
While she was on earth she met the herd boy Niu Lang.
They got married secretly.
But later the Goddess of Heaven knew weaving girl was married to a human, she was very angry and made the weaving girl was return to Heaven.
Zhi Nv was hearted-broken.
On the seventh day of the seventh lunar mounth, the stars Vega and Altair meet in the Heaven.
According to a recent survey, in the last few years, quite a number of college students have developed some unhealthy habits.
There is no doubt that the unhealthy habits do harm to us.
First, the lack of sleep contributes to the phenomenas that some college students can't help deserting, can't force their attention on test-book, and even sleep at class.
So they have to be responsible for themselves because of their unhealthy habits.
At the same time, it is possible that they will be faced with the unfavorable consequences that they don't acquire much knowledge from their universities and lose a lot of fun.
In addition, when they find the amounts of their expenses being fewer and fewer, most students have to take some actions to compensate the short of their expenses.
Therefore, they opt to take more money from their family for ridiculous reasons as a result of undue burden on their family.
Some begin to borrow available money from their classmates so that they break down the relation among students because of getting behind with their payments.
What makes matter more unfavorable, unhealthy habits affect seriously on college students' health.
In view of the harmfulness of unhealthy habits, effective measures should be adopted.
On the one hand, it is high time that college students realized the importance of developing the healthy habits.
We'd better make every effort to formulate a reasonable work-and-rest chart, plan well our expenses, make our sparetime colorful by participating in some leisure-time activities and so on.
When it comes to this problem, different people may have different opinions.
It's conspicuous that Western music is full of energy and Eastern music is full of emotions.
All we know that Rockin'roll and hip-hop were originated in the Western countries.
Comparing with the Eastern music, it's singing technique and music orchestration is maturer.
Well, it's easy for us to know that if two of them blend each other, that would bring a completely new music style.
There is no denying that if what we think come true.
My dream is very small .
But this dream is difficult for me.
I want life in this world .
If I can , I want to be a flyer.
I can fly on people's top.
And I can got any money.
My dream is The wizard.
I want to be.
. Errrrrr.
With the high-speed development of our society, letter, the previous method of communication is not enough contented with our steps.
As the mobile phones development, it replaces the letter , becoming the common tools of communication.
Therefore, the mobile phones are playing more and more important role in our life.
But in my opinion, every coin has two sides, the mobile phones aren't expection.
The advantage of it is that it's flexible of us to related to others, who is in the distance.
Besides, it is also one of the best means for obtaining the knowledge and widening our horizons.
However, there in a serious phenomenon arising in the society, as the changement of our mobile, some teenagers chase the fashion, always changing their phones as well as they can.
There is no doubt that it increases their family financial burden, especially, the less affluent families.
what's worse, the mobile phones like a sword, cutting off the relation with others when we are only concentrated on playing it.
We often talk about life.
This is a very long vacation .
This is a good message for us.
In the first week I and my friends took a soccer competition together.
This is the most happy thing for me.
My friends and I is very like playing soccer and is very good at that.
We won again ang again , that made us so exciting.
After my soccer , my family and I went to travel .
We looked so many of the mountain ang lake that the beautiful.
Someone says that, companies should encourage high-level employees to retire at the age of 55 so as to provide opportunities to the new generation.
It is similar to Christmas in the USA.
On New Year's Eve, We had a good time.
At about ten o'clock, we left for my grandmother's home.
In the evening, we had family reunion dinner.
