When we were born we have the love from our family.
And they go for work on foot, this situation just appear the past.
However, more and more people for enjoying go to work at today.
Now, people go to work havn't on foot no longer, however a large number of people have taken the bus, even taken the taxi or the driving.
So, our life have large changes and rapidly development in good, we should love our life and have better to built our society.
As we all know, friends are very importent for us.
Nowdays, more and more people forget to enjoy the life and the friendship.
I think all of us should spend some time with our friends.
When staying with our friends we can release ourselves completely, we can do whatever we want, we can laugh together and so on.
We should make friend everyone, but we must be right chose .
we should learn each other and help each other.
My dear friends, welcome to my hometown.
It is the name of HeChuan.
I'll take you to go fishing city first, as it is one of the better preserved ancient battlefields in China, as the national key cultural relics protection unit.
It is also the history of the city.
Then I'll take you to the dragon mountain.
There is a temple, strange stones, and pine forests.
To be an actor seems to be an adorable profession in consideration of its huge salaries.
The remuneration for a movie star, like Brad Pitt, is twenty million dollars, which is incredible while many average people even can't reach it for their whole lives.
From the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary, we can ascertain it easily.
The punishment just for the sake of making sb.
It makes the evil wind grow since the death penalty may destroy the evidence.
From these words, we can discover it clearly that the death penalty is a step back for a country.
There will be a fashion show on next Friday evening.
It will be fantastic.
I wonder if it would be possible for us to meet at 5:00 pm next Friday at the library.
Please write to me soon.
In recent years, because of a marvelous number of non-key university students can't get suitable jobs to satisfy a normal life and the most of high school students have enormous pressure, some parents make a point that national exams for college entrance should be banished.
Although they take some reasons that appear to be right, I have a different opinion.
On the one hand, the fist of all reasons why we should keep college entrance examination system is that exam offers an effective way for selecting personnel.
Then, it is fair and square for all students.
Besides, only in this way can you get a high score and enter famous university.
However, if we throw it away, I'm afraid that there is not another better way to replace it.
On the other hand, the test increases motivation for learning.
This phenomenon should be shown in an easy way.
Comparing with the United States students, Chinese high school students have more power to study and come out their dream.
All things are attributed to this exam.
This type of education will make them reach academic smarts' potential.
In fact, almost of students suffer from stress in all directions.
A lot of parents wish the country can cancel this system.
Neverthless the learners'pressure will exist in another way.
What's more, some people think that students that study at low-lever universities have more opportunity to get a good job without this system.
To sum up, we shouldn't banish national exams for college entrance.
It is suitable for Chinese situation before a new model appears.
The exam gives all of us an opportunity to go to college.
We can take the parent's care into consideration.
I'm sorry for disturbing you but I'm really in a mess.
Nowadays, more and more college students are faced with the opportunities and challenges.
To improve the ability to adopt to society .
Learn to strong in the face of difficulties to learn how to protect myself.
You can find the direction of their future occupation in time.
Optical theory is for a person is empty .
In the employment peak .
Entrepreneurship can promote knowledge transformation to productivity, promote the increase of social wealth.
I am graduated from FuShun University, Ienough like English, and l play with children, so l study English Education.
I also worked as a part-time English teacher in school.
That's all.
Recently, the Chinese Governments have taken a measure that smoking will be banned in the public places by noticing, which will make sense on 1st January,2011.
A survey indicates that about 350 million people smoke in China and 75% of them are male while others are female.
However,540 million people have been affted by the second-hand smoke for a long time.
As far back as the 15th Centery, when Spaniard and Portuguese opened up the new route, the world began to connect to a whole.
It was the start of the culture aggression launched by the western countries.
After the World War 2, the whole world enters to a more open era.
In the theory of Marx's philosophy, there is an opinion that we must distinguish the principal contradiction and secondary contradictions.
In the age of globalization, the principal contradiction in China must be the development of economy.
If one country's economy is prosperous enough, she can attract surrounding area, and sometimes she can assimilate the surrounding, such as the Tang dynasty.
The main reason why the western countries' popularity influence the young people in China much is their highly developed economy.
Trying to reform the culture when developing the economy is the next step.
Some old people criticize the young, saying that they don't value the traditional culture.
Nonetheless it's not the mistake of the young.
World is changing, so does people's mind.
Everything is changing and you can't impose the changing people and world to accept the thing which is unchanged.
Finally, just like Tong and Han dynasty, we absorbed other cultures a lot when assimilating them, making our culture more abundant.
World is a whole and every culture has its own virtue.
Absorbing other culture is not a thing that we can't bear.
As a 21 year old girl, I always think a lot of things about study, friends and boyfriends, it makes me feel worried and anxious, I always thought a lot for other people, but I become tired.
Now, I want to be Diogenes, because the freedom is the most important thing in my life.
I want to be a happy and delighted girl.
Now many college students will be selected to participate in the civil service exam, in Chinese every year tens of thousands of people to participate in the civil service exam.
Some college students stressed out because of the civil service examination.
In my opinion, to participate in the civil service examination is the students after graduation to choose another way of employment, while the pressure.
A lot of people who took the exam, but very few people on the final exam.
First, we must have confidence in ourselves and try to make ourselves love English.
Interesting is the best teacher, the same is an important condition to improve scores.
Of course, interesting is not only.
So secondly, we should have a lot of reading, reading can improve our English ability and its score is very high.
Then usually need to large vocabulary, vocabulary is the basis for learning English, this requires that we usually memorize remember more.
A majority of people think that students should get online frequently.
In their views there are 3 factors contributing to this attitude as follows: in the first place, they think they can access knowledge and broaden our view from the Internet.
Furthermore, in the second place, they have chance to chat and share with friends.
Above all, they will play relaxed.
Therefore, there is no doubt that  students shouldn't get online frequently.
As far as I am concerned, .
I think the Internet is certainly has its advantages.
  Wow, how beautiful a doll he is .
Come on and I would help you.
My grandparents live in Liaoyuan, a city not far from Beijing.
It has so many tourists here.
Liaoyuan is a very attritycity.
Because it is a city in Northeast China .
So it's not hot in summer.
I usually go there When I was on holiday.
And there are some employed people in the town because there istoo much labor.
In Liaoyuan , there's a lot of food I like.
There is pretty much moble phone in the town so that I can contact with my households.
Liaoyuan not only many of my family but also my favourist city.
To staffs, we will develop the foreign language course, because our company which has won a large order from exporting.
We will start the course on 11Nov.
Long long ago, a landlord' s daughter who was very charming and smart was thirsty of knowledge.
However, girls were not permitted to go to school at that time.
So, Zhu Yingtai pretended like a man.
At school, she met a classmate named Liang Shanbo who was excellent and knowledgeable.
They were like old friends just the moment they saw each other for the first time.
The two talked and discussed together a lot from then on.
Spring went and autumn came.
Three years had gone.
It was time to say goodbye to each other.
Liang also hated seeing her going home although he didn't know that she was a girl actually.
However, Zhu's father had already accepted the proposal of the young master surnamed Ma, a son of a rich family.
Liang got sick severely and then died.
Suddenely, a thunder storm came out and she jumped into the tomb.
The wind ceased and the cloud scattered.
Flowers were dancing in the wind.
I have ever stayed at home by myself.
But I don't want to be alone at home.
Because I depend too much on my parents and I can't be away from them.
On that day as soon as I came back home from school, I happily threw my schoolbag on the sofa and ate lots of snacks.
Then I enjoyed an exciting film on TV.
After a while, I was so hungry that I wanted to eat something.
I was about to cook dinner but I found I could only do some simple cooking.
So I did some simple dishes.
But the dishes were not delicious.
I started to feel lonely.
I wanted Mum and Dad to come home soon.
I think being home alone was not always perfect.
So we shouldn't depend too much on our parents.
Nowadays, more and more teenagers start to smoke.
The number of teenager smokers is increasing fast.
As a matter of fact, teenager have great interest in smoking.
When they are young, they may see their father or mother smoking, they will think why their parents need to eat these while paper stick and spit tobacco.
Opinions differ among people.
All in all, parents should give their children a happy childhood without smoking and other unhealthy things.
Children are supposed to accumulate their life experience for further development rather than see their parents smoking.
When I work there, I always be annoyed by something.
I remember a young girl who work with me always said to me, Why can't you do it better, stop making trouble.
I said, Why do you always blame me, please stop complaining.
What's more I make lots of friends who come from all over the country.
Before attending school I return home to relax some days, during these days I help my family do housework.
This is my hard and fruitful summer life.
Nowadays, we are living in a high-speed, modern and globalized society.
We are crazy about beautiful and fashionable dressing in western style, we have a lot of English songs in our play list, we take delights in the wonderful atmosphere of western festivals.
This kind of life style thus gets us into a dilemma, that is , we are chinese, but western cultures are seeping into our daily life more and more, making our traditional culture quite hard to exist by contrast.
When thinking about this matter, we can find it a great challenge.
There is no hardship seeing that globalization has become so wide-spread and well-accepted in and by many people.
As is said , ''it's a kind of life''.
So when facing this situation, we have to make a difference by influential changes.
We should give it a brief but meaningful definition.
We need to let everyone know our own things can also be interesting and fashionable, and the most important thing is , they are just from us and we are intimate.
We must make it clear that we hope people can learn about it and join it because they are interested instead of passive.
We know this tough task can not end in a short time, and it demands continuous efforts.
By reading books about great men, we would be touched by their hard work and determined to work hard.
And by reading fiction stories, we would be more innovative and creative, etc.
Last week in our English class the students in our class had a heated discussion about the advantages and the disadvantages of advertisements.
Some of the students think that ads many advantages.
Firstly, with the help of ads, advertisement can make people understand the product and guide consumers.
When it comes to the choice of occupation.
As far as I'm concerned, actually I enjoy doing something more challenging with better prospects.
I believe that a good job should promote your own personal growth, motivation and career development.
It does not measure your work is good or bad.
Addison invented the electric light bulb, although the salary is not much.
This experience gave a rise to his own personal ability, and his research is for the betterment of mankind.
Welcome to my hometown.
My hometown is anhui.
Youcan see many birds, for example, swallows and sparrows, fly up and down freely with happy songs.
You can taste all kinds of delicious food.
The classical old friend powder stems from there.
My name is X.
I am so happy to introduce myself.
I come from S.
I am a quiet girl, but I have many good friends.
I have long black hair, big face, small black eyes, big ears, small nose and big mouth.
I like reading books, watching moves and listening to music in my free time.
In my senior high school, I was no good at my math and I didn't even know the reason.
At home, I can sweep the floor, cook the meals and wash the clothes.
My parents love me very much.
With the economy boom of China , the comprehensive strength of China has rapidly improved .
Everyone likes travel.
Of course, I'm also.
My first time experiencing an air trip to another province-hangzhou when I was eight.
I ang my parents went there by plane.
The next day morning, we came to hangzhou.
When we get there, I feeled hangzhou really is a good place.
In the next three days.
We visited Phoebe sheareri community, The Lingyin Temple and The West Lake.
There is very interesting of the places, especially The West Lake.
It's wonderful of anyone to show its elegant demeanour.
Locals say that The West Lake provides the idyllic image of Hangzhou.
The west lake is China's first national key scenic area and one of China's top ten scenic spots.
We rowed the boat on the lake and looked at the sightseeings.
Longjing tea is one of the most famous drinks in hangzhou.
We aet the small steamed bun as well as drank the longjing tea.
The fat of living organisms consists of atom combinations that are chiefly made up of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
The organisms settle down into the ooze underlying shallow arms of the ocean under conditions of oxygen shortage.
Petroleum stores, however, are sometimes overlain with nonporous rock.
The petroleum seeping upward reaches that rock and overhead, the petroleum can move up through the hole.
Sometimes the pressure onthe pool is so great that the petroleum gushes high into the air.
We all know that the life of friendship is very important.
'No', I say.
In my opinion , although beautiful outside surface is important, if your pen pal or net friends were not charming , you will be cheated.
In other words, when you meet each other for the first time, the surface is very important.
Besides, true love dose not grow without communicating with each other.
What the most important thing is that true love depends on acceptance of each other's demerits as well as hunger for each other's merits.
With the development of the technology , there are plenty of ways of transportation all around the world, for instance: cars, bikes, flights and so on.
Further more, without teachers, seldom do we concentrate on the assignments.
We can communicate with others by the english.
it can expand our social scope.
Secondly, as college students, we should make friend, if we can say english very well.
we can meet more friends from different ways.
Last but not least, nowadays many companies need works to be able to speak english.
The penalty has been winning the support of people for thousands of years as soon as it was set .
If the death penalty just want to show the horror to the public to avoid the similar crime , it worked .
Once we do it , the death penalty seems to lose its stable status .
The reason why death penalty excels of punishment is that criminals would be deprived of the right of existence in this world .
There is possibility the criminal kill the death as he can not bear the wickedness of the death any more .
You would figure out the fault of the death once take this into consideration .
For instance , the relationship within one couple cannot maintain due to the vicious behavior to the wife .
Once the wife lose reason and endurance , tragedy occurs .
It is easy for us to work out that the fault of the husband bring out his own death .
It is no point of declaring the death of the wife .
On the contrary , it is vital to the police to check and investigate the roots and take the most suitable solution .
Since the close relationship between cause and consequence , cases should be considered seriously by police .
The death penalty ties down freedom of people who can be thought as a reasonable consequence by public and law .
What we need to do is to punish the criminals , so maybe there is no need declaring the death of criminals .
We can take actions on them but actions must base on the initial purpose , which can give criminals a hope of life .
Therefore, we can calculate that there are many other methods except death penalty .
We can choose the most reasonable one and give chances for their correction.
The death penalty is therefore a step back and the danger of a harmonious society .
As we all know, the problem of protecting the environment is very essential now .
However , some people today are still thinking that it's the government's business.
After being aware of this thought, it is a easy job to improve the relationship between man and nature, we can grow more trees instead of cutting them down.
Good morning.
everyone.
Today I'm glad to be here to share with you my ideas of dream.
The basic meaning of dream is a series images, events and feeling happened in your mind when you are asleep.
Another meaning of dream is a wish to have or be something especially one that seems difficult to achieve.
Dream is the compass in life.
Dream is the goal of life.
Dream can guide us to the other side of success.
The most important thing is it can give us the power to fight.
When you are nobody, dream makes you go forward.
Dream can be big or small.
Somebody gives up because he thinks it's too big, and somebody thinks it's not necessary to try hard because it's too small.
These ideas are not correct.
No matter big or small it is, just come on, hold tight your dream and have a try.
No pains, no gains.
When this topic comes to me, I have a lot of dreams, such as holding a personal concert, such as being a good Yoga teacher or tutor, not just a coach, such as speaking fluent English.
I think advertisements for benefits .
The development of advertising also said the development of economy.
Because advertising is belong to the third industry.
Advertising can promote the development of culture.
Advertising it self has also become a kind of culture.
The fairy tales The Ugly Ducking ,  The Tinder-Box ,  The Emperor's New Clothes , the novels The Improvisatore ,  The Lonely Wanderer ,  Working Tour , and the drama The NAT and water nymph  are very familiar to us.
Andersen was a singularly tormented writer, his stories are almost the tragedies, and the characters he described were vivid, so it often let people resonate to his stories and cannot help to crying.
However, he had a strong will on art career, and he resolved to learn literary creation.
 Hans Christian Andersen's Fairy Tales is very popular with children, since the advent of more than 100 years, it almost swept the world.
What's more, in fact, in his works some people have prototype in real life, such as the Klaus and clumsy emperor.
That is my favorite writer Andersen, just since I was young, I learned a lot from his books, learned how to face the difficulties, how to love others, how to get along well with others.
Though Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling, they are both popular.
It is high time that we should take some effective measures to solve the problem.
Our students should be honest and diligent.
Only in this way can we improve our study and make progress.
These have a negative effect on society.
As government, it should make laws to strike law-breakers so that we could enjoy ourselves in Micro-blog.
Westerners are very self, but Chinese doesn't self, most are repeat word for word what others say.
Similarly, the interpersonal relationship of westerners is very simple, unlike Chinese so complex, the chart you look bad, not real life.
When I was young , my home very worse .
So my father had to go up the mountain to sell some snacks for raising our family and my father often spent two day on the mountain.
when my father went woke, I was very worried about my father and hoped him back because it was not safe to the mountain, I think that this feeling I will never forget .
I am writing to agree with the views that Mr.
We all know that these things are unnatural and vary from the law of nature.
Mobile phone has been playing an increasingly important role in our life.
It has brought a lot of benefits but has created some serious problems as well.
It is obvious to us that people always bring the mobile phone.
People's view on use mobile phone in the library vary from person to person.
some hold that allow the use of mobile phone in the library.
It's necessary for us to learn the information from the mobile phone.
We can search the konwledge that we can't find in book.
As far as in my poinion, I think that restrict mobile phone in the library is necessary.
The library is a good place for us to gain knowledge.
People need a quiet environment to read books.
The picture depicts that a teacher give her student a book of literature , and say to his students  just think of it as if you're reading a long text-message.
Nowadays, With the development of science and technology, more and more people enjoy downloading all sorts of novel through the phone.
As far as I'm concerned, I seldom pay attention to what the meaning of literary works .
A large number of literary works is based on the era background and creation.
So literature can not only broaden our horizons, but also can cultivate our sentiment.
What's more, that literature can help us improve the quality of our own.
So reading the literature is a compulsory course in life.
When we were six years old age, we begin to get education at school .
We learn English , math , science , history .
But that doesn't means that we know how to study .
So they can spend less time studying and learning with experience.
The way of learning in Chinese is striking different from that in American .
Firstly, Chinese teachers usually teaching students how to do something.
For example, when Benjamin tried to place the key into the slot, Chinese people would hold his hand and guide it directly toward the slot and help to insert it .
In addition, Chinese people are fearful that if skills are not acquired early, they may never be acquired.
For example , when Chinese children as young as 5 or 6 were painting flowers , fish and animals with the skill and confidence of an adult; calligraphers 9 and 10 years old were producing works that could have been displayed in a museum.
In a word, young Chinese are almost inseparable from the tradition, but, over time, possibly evolving to a point equally original .
However , westerners give children more alternatives to explor , students are learned to accomplished the task by themselves , Benjamin's parents don't care about whether he can succeed place the key into the slot or not , they only care about he has a good time and was explode.
Beside , western people believe unless creativity has been promoted early, it may never emerge and skills can be picked up later .
In Beniamin's case , even though Benjamin could not success in searched the key into the slot , he learned how to solute the problem by himself .
As we all know, the cigarette is harmful to our health.
Smoking is a terrible habit.
Although smoking is a bad thing, many teenagers are smoking.
Actually, hearing this , these teenagers understand the harm of smoking.
Due to their curiosity, they start to study to smoke, and they feel normal.
Slowly, they have ignored their body.
In fact, these are horrible.
Because smoking would harm their health and life.
Every year, many persons'die is caused by smoking in the world.
For smoking, I feel very bad.
Not only smoking is harmful to our health, but also cigarette is expensive.
We shouldn't have the habit of smoking.
I came to China to take part in an activity called Experience China.
Now I live with my classmate's in her house.
There are lots of interest things that I want to share with you.
In China, I studied with my Chinese new friends on weekdays.
We communicated with each other when we couldn't solve some problems by ourselves.
On weekends, I visited a number of places of interest in Beijing.
I tnink live in China is really interesting, I love China and it's lifestyle.
So I am fond of livng here in future.
And different people hold different ideas about it.
Some people recommend to extend the employee retirement age , while others think quite differently, believing that Companies should encourage high level employees to retire at the age of 55.
As far as I am concerned, Delay retirement may be unworkable at present.
First of all, Delay retirement may make the employment pressure increases, more and more young people are unable to get a job.
Delay retirement is likely to increase the employment pressure in China, but lead to social instability and Influence of social efficiency, The conditions for Delay retiremen in our country now are not ripe.
For my part , the meaningful college life is to do something I like.
I make reasonable arrangements for learning and playing time.
studying always plays an major role in life.
Besides it, I take part in some clubs to open the eyes to outside world.
if i elect successfully.
i will draw a programe to the work.
in a word believe me while belive yourself.
The increasing number of people are used to smoking.
Even in middle school, smoking is becoming popular.
They may be answer smoking helps thinking.
They believe smoking will provide some inspiration.
But according to science research, the action of smoking can make us relax.
We don't need to real smoke.
And when in quiet situation, we also can think as soon as possible without cigarette.
Smoking not only can't help thinking, but also it does harm to people healthy.
Cigarette contains some harmful material, such as nicotine, tar etc.
In my view of opinion, smoking doesn't have effect on thinking.
And it will damage our body.
We can use coffee instead of smoking.
The first problem is materials less.
Too much population will make the food.
Too many people will have too many cars.
The houses problem is also secious.
It's Friday morning in the year 2025.
I see the world is very beautiful.
The world is very diffident.
There many things I have never see.
I see the plane is transparent people like sit a roller coaster.
Peoples houses can move around the houses must be a robot.
I can play the intelligent mobile phone, don't have to charge.
we can go to the fire earth make alien with best friends.
The rockets are see common.
I can live in the Earth science.
We are pleased to inform you that under our sales confirmation No.
J-29 of the goods shipped by S.
Pearl  .
And shipped by S.
Mayflower in Hong Kong.
This series in cost and freight price.
There are four seasons in a year, and the Spring and Autumn are my favorite's.
I think most of the people like me, who can't enjoy the Summer and Winter.
There is no doubt that the Summer is too hot and the Winter is freezing.
Only the Spring and Autumn's temprature are suitable.
Spring is the warm season.
The plants are luxuriant, and the ground is covered with tender grasses.
The birds sing out of the window when we take classes.
Everything is so beautiful in Spring.
The Autumn is coming after the hot summer.
Born in Y province.
l am an active.
Different people have different hobbies.
such as dancing and so on.my hobby is reading.
l think reading can enich my knowledge so l usually go to library , l want to study more knowledge by myself.
l believe that if you try your best , everything can be done well.
In the part time, unlike many other girls, l'm quite good at playing computer games which names LOL.
playing computer games can make me relax.
As we all know, love is always around us, such as parents'love friends' love.
Maybe I am unaware of them sometimes.
When I feel lonely, Iwill realize love around me, then I feel happy and cheer.
Someone told me'giving is more important than having'.
for example, I will help my friends when they are in troule, I will care for my parents if they are sad.
Especially when we sometimes give up on our study.
What's more, we would meet so many people whom came from other cities.
As a fresh student , we have enough time to join in clubs and students'organization.
The university get a stage for us to show ourselves, improve our pool ablity.
The charm of the university make us feel so lucky.
We will have a pleasant time of it in four years at university.
There are many things which make a teacher great and they can not all be defined.
Maintaining the interest among the students regarding the subject being taught is really important.
In a word, all good communicators may not be good teachers, but all good teachers are always good communicators.
On the contrary, a teacher who, when in doubt, does not hesitate to admit his or her lack of expertise on the subject matter and is open to reverse learning, for example, learning a thing from the students itself, will no doubt go down well with the students.
It is all about the love for teaching.
For example, increasing the price of ticket and charging for money when passing highways are good things.
finally.
we shoud realize that if we want ti travel .
In the figure a Teacher is giving a student a literary book.
The book has a word that is Just think of it a long text message.
In our life, we often have a different opinion from others.
As the time, we are often difficult to choose.
The first one, we can persist in our opinions and persuade other people to agree us.
One day, we have a sports meet.
I told classmates how we could win.
But many classmates againsted me.
They had a better way.
At that time, I thought that many classmates had a same way and they would have a same effort direction.
Maybe it was good to behave.
So I respected them.
So, in my opinion, when I have a different opinion, I will respect the opinion of the most of people.
And his self-mockery says, My place doesn't lie in academy.
There are thousands and thousands of wonderful programs on TV every day.
Of these, new program has always been my favorite.
Almost everyday I turn on TV at 19:00, and wait early for the new program.
The news program contains a large amount of latest information from the most serious international political affairs to the most enjoyable foot able games.
The most important feature in the program is fast rhythm.
I like this program because I think news report is more than all TV program.
In reality, it is a way of communication.
From this program, people can be well informed about the affairs both at home and abroad on time.
As a college student's , we face to many challenge with thinking method .
school test.
But college's students take a big change on values, they are advocating personality, thinking highly of personal values and having a strong competition method.
On the one hand , school test is a big challenge for us.
Now, we allowed to study at the university of culture and knowledge, we must prepare high school knowledge, we study in the university to test some certificate.
With the development of the society, it's essential activity for university students to make human communication, this is a challenge for university students to communication and seek to understand, build relationship and explore the life, at the same time we should adapt to new surroundings.
If you have a bad relationship with friends, you will have many trouble.
As for freshman, the university students from all over the world, they are having different life-style and way of act.
You can learn English.
My National Day holiday will be special.
Hello Miss Jones.
I'm L.
I was a freshman.
The first problem.
When students after class to have lunch in the canteen.
Buy lunch and find a seat will take a long time.
The second problem.
The quality of canteen's food is not very good.
Much food is cold, not very fresh.
Also the prices of the canteen's food is slightly expensive.
My mother is very severe with me.
She always wants me to do well in the study.
I always lean on my mother when I am in trouble.
Because my mother's love in mind, I seized every second to do my lessons and have made great progress in the study.
I suppose that we should love our mother unconditionally.
A phenomenon that students in college hire cleaners to do laundry and cleaning has become a hot topic.
Nest.
The first day, I am very happy to throw the bag when I came back form school want to play.
Did not eat any room to play in the middle of the night, I think in the moringma alarm clock will wake me up, but I not sleep too dead alarrr clock wake me, cause I was late for school.
The school the teacher asked me tohomework but I didn't write, at school, I was hungry and tired.
The next day, I feel very lonely, very hungry, since can do some simple food.
Nowadays, the urban traffic is becoming more and more serious.
Many of the city traffic jams are very serious.
The incidence of traffic accidents is becoming more and more serious.
I'm going to describe the performance of the traffic problem.
Second, the traffic is so heavy and the traffic is too serious.
I have some Suggestions to solve these problems.
First, people should not be private cars at work.
Second, the government should widen the roads and stagger the rush hour.
I'm appreciate it for your hlep when i live in your home.
I'm writing the letter to find my lost English dictionary.
When i came back my home, i find my English dictionary was left in your home.
The dictionary is very important to me, it's my America teacher's sending, so its value can't describe in words.
shelf in the bedroom.
As we all know, English is a important subject, and now, every school has English class, in order to improve our English level.
But, many of our students do not pay attention to the spelling of English words.
So, when we writ an English compostion or some sentences, we will can not spell the words of we need.
However, we can not spell, the reason is we do not want to go to remember the words, think remembering them is a painful thing, to sum up, because our students are lazy.
First and foremost, I Think it is the most important that spend half an hour to remember the word's spelling every day.
In addition, when we are reading English articles, we should pick out the words of we non't know, writting it in the notebook, then find out and remember its spelling.
In today's society, people gradually forget the importance of literary works to us.
The role of literature is passing on culture, show the practical work, to convey the author's ideas, views on contemporary leaders and the practical work, and reflect the social phenomenon and so on.
Literature can call us more deeply loves the life, there are so many unsatisfactory place although life itself, but we will still live happily.
The creation of literature and art activities is the artist's mental activity, literature literature belong to product of the human spirit.
In conclusion we should pay more attention to study literature.
Nowadays , the Earth is under great pressure, such as a variety of environmental problems on a large scale, and the damages resulted from the disasters which happened a few years ago.
Whether extraterrestrials exist remain to be discussed.
But provided it exists.
First of all, how extraterrestrials live and what they eat is so far different from what we have done for years.
Then, what we think is that extraterrestrials can ease the burden.
But the fact is that they may increase the pressure and put more burden on Earth.
Recently, I saw a film named battleship  .
The content is said that human beings are vulnerable.
Last but not the least, regardless of the pressing problems on Earth, we have no necessity to seek others for help.
We are full of wisdom and courage and power to accomplish the complicated task.
Extraterrestrials may have significant power, but we are different in nature at all.
No matter how complicated the problems are, we'd better work up to solve them.
On balance, without extraterrestrials, we may generate more skills and develop our creativity.
Many students always spend much of time on their study, but the grades don , t have a great improvement.
There is no doubt that these students don , t manage their time well.
Frist of all, we need to set a high value on the free time, such as weekends and holidays.
During the time we could do something which is meaningful.
We should make good use of the time to read a good book or have a test, and that is a great choice to join a training course.
Many students don , t know what should they do on weekends, so they always sleep or go shopping a whole day.
Secondly, we must focus our concentrate on the course during the class.
If you don , t listen to the teacher, it is hard to understand the point of the lesson.
we have to listen carefully in case of leaving out something important.
After class we should refresher our lessons and get a deeper understanding.
Finally, we could take advantages of the ten-minute recess to remember words because expanding the vocabulary quantity is important too.
Firstly, news reports are deeper than TV news.
That is because the newspaper can explain all kinds of problems from different views and different people also can express their points with freedom, wheras TV reports usually play famouse peope's ideas.
Secondly, reading newapapers isn't limited by time .
We can reading them no matter what time and where.
For example , when we can reading them when are waiting for a bus or subway to kill time.
While we can't carry a TV every mimute and spot , especially when we go out .
But the newspaper is so convient for us to carry and to buy , without any worry.
Thirdly, all the need to do is thingking , that's to say we use our brain when reading newapaper, which does good for proving our intelligence.
So, I feel that the newspaper is a better way to obtain informatiom.
Maybe we don't need to depend much on Tv when we want to learn something we interested in.
I was born in a small family.
When I was a little girl, my father was a worker , he can make furniture very well .
I agree he is a great man.
he has many friends , due to he grow older , he became a driver , I know drive the car is very dangerous , but he does this in order to me and my family.
is not easy .
Some years ago, I am afraid of my father , he always be strict, I know this is love .
My mother was so kind, she works outside and does housework, she was busy .
Time makes her older .
because she is gentler than my father , I usually chat with her .
They give me all their love .
I think reading has an important effect on the growth of a person.
First, books are to be in the encounter difficulties give us the answer.
It isn't a friend not a teacher.
Second, reading can broaden our horizons, make us can explore the potential.
Third, to help us study.
We should attach importance to reading books.
Reading, is a sort of enjoyment, is a process of learning.
Some of them think that high school students get online frequently is good for them.
Broaden their minds and know more about the world.
And when they chat online , they communicate and share what they see and thought with each other .
However some people hold a different opinion about that.
They think students shouldn't get online frequently.
In their point of view, watching the computer and mobile phone screen is one of the most important reasons that hurt our eyes.
In my opinion, students should surf on the Internet after study to relax.
Today, an old picture reminded me of the happy time I have.
For me, my campus life play a significant role in my life.
which make a fool of myself.
Because I was not good at playing football.
One day, I was playing football with my team member, Suddenly, my shoes was flied away, which make me blush with shame but let my team member laugh.
As far as I was concerned, my campus life was sufficient and colorful.
fortunate.
At present, a critical issue has brought into focus on how to improve educational quality continuously.
Many argue that in order to achieve this goal, students should be encouraged to make comments or even criticism on teachers.
Others, however, reckon that respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
From my viewpoint, two benefits will be brought about.
On one hand, to the students, they will learn to how to criticize a person equitably from their comments on teachers who taught them, for an unfounded assertion won't be accepted.
On the other hand, to the teachers, more concern will be given to their students.
On balance, we should pay close attention to the educational quality.
The comments made by students may be an effective method.
Hello, My name is Joan.
My Chinese name is X.
I am from Y, a small city but with beautiful sense.
My father, my mother, my brother and me.
I am a active and easy-going girl.
I have a few hobbies.
One of my favourite hobbies is reading.
I always read fiction, like Kite Running  .
I like the setting of religion.
I also like philosophy.
Zhou is one of my favourite writers.
In my free time, listening to music is common for me.
I like soft music and the songs from James Blunt.
I also like take photos and travel.
I travelled to D with my best friend Ice four months ago.
I have taken many beautiful photos.
I always dream of going to the Tibeten with my camera one day.
To be a doctor is my dream job.
I want to try my best to help people and reduce their painful.
Unfortunaly, I failed my dream.
I felt depress in the beginning.
Grually, I am enjoying what I major in.
I hope I can go abroad and communicate with foreigners.
In my college life, I have to achieve my aim and do well in my study.
I also hope I can get along well with others and find the disadvantages I have.
I think I will get more experience from my college life.
No matter how hard I will face in the future, I never give up.
When it comes to the way of our life, public's opinions vary from person to person.
Second, city had better education, the school had better equipment and teacher.
More job opening is good for city too, which lead more person to city.
Nevertheless, we can make rational use of resources.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, as we all know , English is spoken from all over the world.
countries.
Secondly, learning English can widen our visions and we can also learn a lot from it.
At last, I'd like to say through English learning, we can know different cultures of English-speaking countries .
Recently, the employment issue has caused the attention of the society in such an era of information.
At the same time, there is a hot topic.
Key players are also essential to our company.
They have rich working experience.
But they are very real, often job-hopping because of unsatisfied with their current salary.
However, as for the graduated students, they are out in the early society will have a hard, can bring a fresh blood to the company.
If I am a recruiting manager, I would prefer to give just graduated college students more opportunities.
Opinions are divided on this issue.
Some students thought that it shouldn't be canceled.
Language has four basic skills including listening, so listening shouldn't be ignored.
Listening is a very important way to gain information.
However, each coin has two sides.
Some students were in favour of canceling the test.
They said:  The listening effects are different in different places.
It's not fair.
Teachers and the voice equipment are also very different between cities and countries.
What's more, not every person will talk with foreigner in the future.
I think it shouldn't be canceled.
Because we think anyone has no power to take other's life away.
As far as I'm concerned, college students should have more time of their own to dominate.
For one hand, they didn't be limited to finish their homework like senior middle school.
For another hand, they can make the best of time to improve themselves.
For example, they can attend in many interesting clubs to exercise their ability and responsibility.
Because it is a valuable practice of social skills.
Additionally, they can learn what they interested in many fields.
Besides, they can make friends with other.
These experiences can help them to become more independent and responsible.
What's more, students can do some part-time jobs in their free time.
In my opinion, exercise through part-time jobs so that they are able to adjust to the social life earlier.
With the increase of pressure, spending free time in doing exercise is a good way for people to relax.
They have more time for outdoor sports and exercise.
In all, college students should have more time of their own.
Network real-name system has become the hot topics in the recent year.
Some people approve it.
They think it's great to protect themselves from being tricked.
However, others think it's not always good for real-name system.
You will easier lose your personal information.
In my opinion, the real-name system in netwok is a important manner to assure security in virtual word.
But is's also the same important as preventing the personal information form losing.
There are some problems of the environment.
One of them is that the number of the population is increading.
And now people is endlessly overdeveloping Earth's resources through agriculture, fishing, hunting and tourism, and that is a serious problem, too.
Of course, the water resource is also a problem which we need to care about.
Cutting trees too more will make the earth hotter, so it is a problem.
If we want to remove these problems, we should do these things.
First, we should hold back that people cut trees too more.
Nowadays, more and more high-tech inventions in our life.
We can do many things on it.
It means shopping on the line.
For example, there are many cheaters on the line and many people are cheated with losing all their money.
In a word, everything has two sides.
There is a widespread concern over the topic about the formal examination, it completely has been exposed to the white-hot.
As far as I am concerned, we need to remember that every coin has two sides.
To begin with, there is a real limit to apply it, furthermore, it is unreality to make a radical change which should be shutter too, cause it's the evolutionary process of our society and the education system.
Most importantly, we firmly should to take out our energy to think up some super idea to make it better.
Facing differences between China and the West, we should treat it objectively and respect for these differences.
In 1982, approximately 15 percent of women have children without a marriage, after which the proportion had an apparent growth of 8.6 percent in 1992.
Each person's habits are different, which will produces contradiction between students.
From this picture , we can know a teacher said some students no offense, but by the time we are in the job market , won not that stuff be outdated.
In my opinion, as a student, we should study hard and master many skills, not only do we master all kinds of skills, but also we can have more advantages.
One evening, I went jogging as usual and listening to rock music on my mp4 player.
Then, I met a beautiful lady walking her puppy.
All of a sudden, the cute puppy stopped to poo on the sidewalk.
Seeing that, Ruby's face appeared the indication of annoyance.
I didn't do it on purpose, but I think it is not my duty, because the dog is not mine.
  On hearing that, I felt a bit embarrassed and apologized to her for my rudeness.
She just smiled and said, That's OK.
In last letter, you have asked me to write about my best friend.
Her name is Irene.
We meet each other in high school.
Irene is not very tall and a little chubby.
She looks very adorable.
She has long, black and curly hair.
She is talkative.
We always have a lot of topics to talk about.
She is good at study and always help me to solve problems.
She loves reading books.
She knows lots of different kinds of knowledge.
I'm glad that I met her and we became good friend with her.
We love to share secrets with each other.
We have many comments on our interests, the way we behave and other things.
If we don't take advantage of the abundant college resources to arm ourselves, after four years of time-waste, we will find ourselves standing on a deserted island of society, which means 'the time you graduate, the time you lost job.
In China, the Spring Festival is the most important festivai.
During the Spring Festival, the people who work outside will go home and have reunion dinner with their family.
For me, the Spring Festival is really important .
Because in Spring Festival, I can eat many delicious food, such as, dumplings skewers and fish.
I often get fat after the Spring Festival because i have eaten too much.
In Spring Festival, my parents as well as me need to visit many relatives.
The Spring Festival contains Chinese history and traditionals.
As we all know, internet is convenient for us in our daily life.
When we have something in trouble, we can surf the Internet.
And it can help us quickly.
If we have long time no see old friends, the internet can let us see each other.
We often can buy a lot of things in internet.
In my opinion, internet can make people apart, and face computer for a long time can damage our eyes.
Many people will be addicted to online games.
So the internet is not only help us a lot, but also can affect us a lot.
So we must make good use of the internet.
My mother calls him driver, his friends call him boss, he calls himself peasant, I call him father.
He is my father who is a tall and fat, he loves us.
He spends a lot of time with us, he says he would rather spend more time with us than earn more money.
Sometime he put me as a kid.
In 2010, Chengdu were only a little bit of snow, when we went to Longquan mountain there were many people and snow had been stepped into ice.
  And went to the mountain.
Consequently , we can get good physical condition .
finally , keep a good habit of diet .
which is a key factor to keep healthy .
l like play sprouts.
, First, you should eat move vegetabie and fruit.
Do you remember the old saying in your country Anapple a day keeps the doctor away.
there is lots of visamin C in both vegetables and fruit o second dong more exercise is necessory to keep healthy.
T Third, dont eat junk food most junk food tastes good.
The desirable Gold Week vacation has elapsed, while what we have experienced during those days may not be as excellent as what we have expected.
As we know, the Gold Week vacation is mainly to celebrity our National Day, which is as long as seven days.
Personally, it is a good chance to gather or to travel with our families , while many people disappointedly found that it was so crowded when they were doing something they had planed.
They got struck in traffic when they drove.
Their feet could even touch others when they travelled with their families at some scenic spots.
In my view, the meaningful vacation should not be terminated, neither be cut down.
It is a common sense, as everyone knows, that problems follow the appearance of good policies such as the establishing of legal festivals.
Besides it is memorable meaning, Gold Week is a special opportunity, as we know, for the public, especially those who live apart from their families, to go home to see their children and their older parents, which can make our society more harmonious.
Some young frequently chang their jobs is due to their attitude.
Because of they have all kind of justification.
On the one hand, they think their salary is low.
On the other hand, they think their work hours is better long.
Of course, there have many account.
For those friends, I give my point of view.
When you fell is unappreciated or ignored , you need to do something meaningful things, .
For example, seek opportunities, request more responsibility or new challenge.
If you fell is a bad relationship and colleagues, the choice of the less contact, things look weak, do their work.
If you feel ability is not enough, you will work hard to others for advice, to improve their ability.
If you don't think salary job please be patient, steadfast dry well, ability have been improved, wages will rise .
If you don't like current job please remember a word is It is no use doing what you like; you have got to like what you do  .
mother told me, ''It was untill I finish my homework that I can go out.
Recently, the excessive use of packages has become quite a serious problem.
Reasons for this are varied.
Firstly, because of the economic development, the products is become multiply, so items with a special appearance can attract a lot of interest and sell well, what's more, it makes a big profit for the company.
For another, it depends on customer's psychology.
However, every coin have two sides, so does it.
As far as I was concerned, I figured that manufacturers and consumers are supposed to shoulder the responsibility for this problem.
I am Wangtao who is a senior student.
I think that the phone has its advantages.
For example , it's convenient for us to connect with our parents .
But everything has the two parts.
So we should recognize that what are bad.
The wrong behaviours will period between the teenagers.
Taste the time and money to chat or send the message.
I support Three beliefs .
The first one is that we don't use the phone during the studying.
Next , don't use it to play games.
Of course , don't cheat too .
In a word , please display its best effects with your best.
My favourite teacher is my English teacher , an enthusiastic woman called Mrs Yu.
She is about forty years old, I suppose.
She is my first teacher at senior high school.
I was a shy girl and I didn't like answering the question at class.
One day Mrs Yu asked a question and let someone to answer it.
I lowered my head and thought about the answer on my own.
To my surprise, Mrs Yu let me stand up and answered the question.
I stood up slowly and got too nervous to say a word.
But Mrs Yu just smiled and her kind smile made me relaxed and encourage.
I breathed deeply and gave the answer to Mrs Yu.
Nowadays, with the rapid development, people are becoming more and more wealthy.
However, the standard of health is declining quickly.
Especially the college students.
The World Health Organization indicate that it is a state of complete physical, mental, and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.
There are many elements affecting health, but the lifestyle is the most important aspect.
A study found that more than 60 percent of students in university do not eat breakfast, only 20 percent of students go to bed before 11 o'clock.
It is merely one person in three can do some exercise more than one hour.
That lack of physical activity also affects the psychological well-being of an individual.
In my opinion, the college students are our country's future.
We should keep the health of physical and mental, and keep the optimistic attitude.
Myroomate is a fan of football.
Last Sunday, my roomate watched a football match on the Internet.
He watched the game, while applauded his favourite team.
I was going over my homework at that moment.
But his voice and the match's voice sounded very great, so they affected me.
I'm very angry, but I let him to turn down the voice.
Finally, he took my advice and said sorry to me.
The first reason should be that we will get more energy to start the day's work.
We know that getting up earlier, we will breathe much more fresh air, therefore we will be absorbed in our day's work.
The second reason is that if we get up earlier and start our day's work earlier, we will finish it earlier.
Then we can have some entertainments during the extra daytime, such as doing exercises with friends, watching TV with parents, and so on.
The final reason is that we can make the day's plan to work more efficiently.
We get up earlier, then we can have more time to think about what we should do and how to do in the day.
Firstly.
There are two different operational model used by American VCs.
The first one is to open its business with a dedicated fund with partners responsible for the European operations.
I have heard from you.
In the past thirty years, our country has changed a lot.
Our living conditions become better and better.
The house is not old and low any more.
are bulit.
A lot of people live in the apartment which is full of equipment.
We have a telephone in the house.
We also buy colourful television, washing machine and fridge.
The road get wide , connecting the country to the city.
We have new tractors, trucks and cars.
The education level is very high.
Our country is changing.
I miss you very much.
The foreigners can give a card or a doll to their friends and say Merry Christmas.
Though we should clean the canteen.
room.
Thank you for your e-mail.
I am expert at classical music.
When I listen to the classical music at the first time, I like it soon.
I think that pop music sounds noise.
So I dislike it.
A number of people think that study is more important than hobby.
If we learn all the time, we will get boring with study.
So I oftn do my favourte things when I feel tired.
Our New Year Party is very amusing.
There are a lot of activities and I sing a classical song in the New Year Party.
Miss Susan Hobson, a very good secretary, who has been working in my office for two years.
By the way, she is hard working, does well to her duties and is honest to treat others when she was working at our company.
In addition, She is good at English and German, and her spoken language is very fluent.
For example, In winter, we can see snow, .
Before winter comes, we should go to buy some cl-others to stop cold, and we should buy some medicine to drink when we have a fever, .
Some people hold the view that it convenient to buy whatever then like at home and select the cheapest and the best merchandise by the Internet.
As far as I am concerned, effective measures should be instantly taken to improve the standard of the Internet.
In such a case I will sustain on whatever I think is right and I will try to persuade them.
When copernicus found and worked out the heliocentric theory, many people couldn't believe, especially the church.
In these people's doubts, copernicus didn't give up and work out the study.
Finally, he successed and became more famous scissors.
So I can't give up.
To conclude, when we have a different opinion, believe yourself and expound your opinion.
In ten years l'm 26 years by then, I will be having a big family with two cute childrens.
A boy and a girl, boy named Jim and girl names Amy.
This time in ten years, l will be working in translation.
I will be living a big city with my family and will be living a happy life.
I will also are teaching at school.
A greater leader remarked that well begun is half done.
From my point of view, the relationship between teachers and students just like friends.
First of all, if the communication of teacher and students just like friend's.
To sum up, if teacher and students can make friends with each other, they will find the joy of it.
Online shopping is becoming more and more popular in today's world, has swept the world.
online.
Such as, how cheap, how the quality of the class .
We can percieve the advantages of getting a good education from three angles.
First, getting a good education may enriches your knowledge and widens your eyes.
What else, it may upgrades your skills.
And it may increase your job opportunities.
On the one hand, the point of view for some human beings gift is the most crucial key to get the successful of the academic.
In their view, one person has high talent in academic, it means that he has wonderful comprehension and perfect memory.
On the other hand, some person insiste that hard-working is also vital that should be taken into account.
As celebrities said, genius require one percent talent, but more important is ninety-nine hard.
If you want to get good grades in study, spending more time people and do more exercises than other people is not avoided.
It is wrong to start at once when you get an order.
The most essential thing is to prepare what you should do first.
Preparation is to plan and to prepare the material conditions.
It can be easily proved that only when you have the ability can you deal with the problem well.
For the opposite, it will be very difficult when you do at once without sufficient capacity.
To cut down a tree, using a blunt axe, you may spend several times the time and energy more than using a sharp one.
There is a famous example that Napoleon attacked Russia in winter and failed.
It is not the cold weather but lack of preparation that leads to his failure.
Above all, it is of great importance to prepare before going.
I don't need to go out to buy anything.
My favourite place in the school is the playground.
The playground is very large.
Every day we can exercise our bodies in the playground.
And we can also open a sports meeting on the playground.
Before the sports meet, we can practice projects in the playground.
Exercise programs can help us improve our physical education.
In winter, we can run on the playground in the morning.
Sometimes, when we were running in the morning.
I live in beautiful country, China.
I can proud of being an chinese.
I hope you can feel China's grandness.
I believe that you will fall in love my mother country.
If you went China I will take you to appreciate China's beautiful scenery.
I can take him to see the great wall.
Because the great wall is the crystallization of the wisdom of the people in ancient China.
I believe you will love our wall, than i will take you to visit summer palace.
Let them regret.
I hope when they back home caneducate their country brother.
Make them can apologize for Chinese .
At the same time.
In my opinion, there are many benifits to online shopping.online shopping let people's live more convenient, and can help many people who like stay in the house all day.
On the other hand, pay attention to safety, to prevent lawless elements back to deceive some of the online product description and is not necesarily the same in reality.
On the contrary, others would like to provide more materials for students to let them know that some of the languages can't match with our own culture and we should master our own Chinese first .
The development of science and technology majes our life more comfortable and convenient.
Modern science and technology render people many advantages.
Modern teleommuciation shortens the distance between people and makes communciation much earier.
Modern transportation, such as airplanes and highspeed trains make our journey smooth and fast.
On the one hand , some students think writing is only a small matter .
A person who is creative means he or she is good at producing or using oringinal and unusual ideas.
People who are creative can solve problems easily.
For the person who is good at creating, famous inventors come into our mind first.
For example, James Watt, who invented the steam engine in 18th century.
This invention inaugurated the age of steam which promoted the progress of the first industrial revolution.
But being creative not always means inventing influential things to change the world.
To be creative is simple.
everyone can be creative if you racks your brains.
When you cooking, cola is not designed for cooking chicken.
But creative people try to use cola to add to the chicken.
So a delicious cuisine is coined.
Another field you can be creative is decorating.
When meeting this problem, everyone has their styles.
Everyone is creative so that there are no two rooms are quite similar.
I'm also creative in making fish tank.
I chose different kinds of fish and some grasses.
I also design a small mountain and some stones.
Creative doesn't means do something change the world.
In recently years, there is a tendency that a host of people are chasing after the materialism, which has aroused a heated debate among nationwide whether being too materialiastic can really bring us a lot bebefits and find a right way to happiness.
  However, people are busy all the time in chasing after variety of material thins-money, houses, cars, spouses and so on.
They are even just like crazy fans of materislism.
It seems that they cannot live happily without such things.
They actually have possessed what they want, but they are still not satified enough.
And they just do not stop chasing and eventually they lose the most precious things-themselves.
  The world is a beautiful place, and our life still can be very meaningful and wonderful even without being too much materialistic.
You may want to ask why my deskmate is lovely.
First, my deskmate has a medium height with big eyes and short black hair.
He's so thin that I can even see his bones, but I think he's handsome.
Second, he has positive personalities.
He is smart and talkative, so he always help me with my maths.
Although sometimes he's naughty, he's warm-hearted.
At last, I want to say something about his hobbies.
He is crazy about cartoons and his favourite cartoon is One Piece.
He enjoys playing basketball as well, and I think he is quite cool when he is in the basketball field.
From the chart , we may find that there are tremendous changes in family expenses in shanghai from the year of 1980 to 2000 .
The proportion of food and clothing in family expenses dropped year by year.
The what contribute to those great changes.
Firstly, with the development of economy.
The problem of food and clothing isn't a threat to our citizens.
Secondly, most people tend to pursue a colorful life, and therefore they spend more money on recreation, Finally, people are now paying more attention to their children's education and their own health.
Those changes have great influence on both individuals and the whole society.
On the one hand, people aren't worry about their living, which lends itself to a stable society.
Nowadays, every hole and corner of the world has been swept out to the wave of globalization.
It is widely acknowledged that the world consists of different kinds of living creatures, such as human beings, other animals, various plants, and even microorganism.
No one can deny that the diversity of creatures on the earth is the necessary condition of the normal and ordered operation of our planet.
When we are faced with the reality of the multi-cultural collision on a crash basis, what we should do is not escaping or complaining.
Only the losers do that.
And in my mind, only by cultural integration and mutual complementarity can us and our traditional culture be more lively and vigorous.
Firstly, latest technologies and media forms ought to be flexibly applied to the traditional cultural artifacts.
For instance, maybe we can combine some conventional dramas, like Peking Opera and Kunqu Opera with some modern music forms, just like hip-hop or jazz, then, we can throw the content into various modern forms of SNS medias or even the apps in smart phones .
Secondly, more attention should be rapidly paid to the researches of culture hybrid between Chinese traditional culture and another excellent cultures of various ethnic groups, especially the western culture.
Never can we thoroughly appreciate our own culture without having a good knowledge of other fruits of human civilizations.
Although someone may immediately criticize that it will destroy the pure characters of the traditional culture, we should gradually accept that it is the trend of the era .
Last but not least, the idea that Chinese culture is absolutely not like a pool of stagnant water should be delivered and spread to many people's thoughts in that many Chinese people still stubbornly insist on that the traditional culture must not be changed a little.
Instead, it's us, ourselves, to blame.
But some ones hold different points.
They thought it was bad for eyes after using too long.
In addition, people felt the adults were short of self control.
Therefore, we may spend too much time on comunication and games.
We are pleased to tell you that the goods under sales confirmation No.
J-29 have been delivered on board S/S Zhenzhu  .
And it will transshipment at Hong Kong  Wuyuehua  .
Nowadays, some students cheat in exams for good marks is extremely common on campus.
Therefore, how to get rid of cheating on campus is an important mission.
There I have some suggestions about it.
First, we should Propaganda the importance of the honesty, and then stress the school rules about the exam.
Second, in order to eliminate cheating in exam, we ought to work hard everyday and obtain the knowledge fully before the exam, at the same time lie a good foundation in daily, rather than stay up late at night before the exam.
In common, everyone is dying to succeed.
However, it is easier said than done.
There is a humorous saying, 'Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world, I've done it hundreds of times'.
I don't think it's easy to withdraw smoking without a vigorous will.
Most of the people are aware of the fact that smoking is harmful, but only a few of them may succeed in quitting it.
I take in a lesson from this sentence, we must have a tough will if we want to succeed.
In the universe, all the celebrities make every effort to fight and accomplish their task.
Each of them has a wholesome will.
As far as I'm concerned, many of us can't achieve success are lack of this quality, especially in our generation gap.
Therefore, you must put yourself in the mill to support you to build a strong will.
I am in college now.
My university is located in the hometown of Zhou Enlai - Huai'an, It is a new university, all of school buildings are new, around the school is other universities, these schools came together to form A Higher Education Campus, School teachers should be arrived here from Nanjing to teach us, it isnot convenient for teachers.
Soon after Heathcliff's marriage, Catherine gives birth to Edgar's daughter, Cathy, and dies.
He desired to gain control of Wuthering Heights and Thrushcross Grange and to destroy everything Edgar Linton holded dear.
By this time he had control of the Heights and with Edgar's death, he had control of the Grange.
the Lintons look down upon the lower class like Heathcliff .
These are my thoughts after reading Wuthering Heights.
In My opinions, Ithink advantage can make customers understand the produces , because the advantage have attract and vivid pictures to give the customers an enjoy eye's dinner .
Form the picture we can know that a teenage belive one onile rumor, he tell it to his parents , it make his parents extremely scared .
As the spreading of the internet , more and more people will believe it.
Sometimes it can make people very nevous and scared .
For the past years, different kinds of pollution has become more critical.
Statistic shows that what in 90 percent cities in our country is hard up because of water pollution.
causes many troubles.
In restropect, we could draw the conclusion that the long-term neglection leads us to the bad circumstance.
In one way after the Reform and opening, people have devoted into speeding up the economical development.
People used to exploit natural resource without limit, and in order to save money, people discharge rubbish into nature directly.
Now, as people pays more attention to the environment protection, the state has improved a lot.
As a person, we can also make a contribution to protecting our homeland.
What's more, the country should improve the technology to reduce the comsume of resource.
Companies should comply law and system, reduce dischargeing rubbish.
I'm a student from this school, my intend to write this letter is to introduce my pupil, which names Peter.
Peter is an enthusiastic and progressive young man.
In school, he is not only chosen by the monitor, but also good at solving different problems in study.
in a word, Peter is a diligent student, and also he would be a good choice.
They say that first impressions are very important.
My first impression of the geography teacher was that she was kind and humorous.
She is tall and with brown curly short hair.
She often smiles that I think she is very kind and the behavior of the other students shows that they like her too.
The class is really interesting.
She always tell jokes when she thinks that we're tired in order to make us can concentrate to study.
So I don't think I'll be bored in her class.
And her method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.
English is not only the most useful language in the world, but it is also one of the easiest language to learn and to use.
I am more than enjoy learning English online.
One reason is that I like to skim the English webpage, I think that it saves me time.
Secondly, not only can I choose when and where to learn for English, but I can also take time to think through answers before making a replay.
If it extended the lifespan of textbooks for a year, it will save a lot of trees.
My national day is really boring.
These days I spend no hours studying English, therefore, I find it difficult to pass some examination, due to lack of vocabulary.
Appart from this, I also use my computer to download some useful movies to kill time, opposite it, no words I remember.
Currently, I keep my fingers crrossed now about failing in this subject.
