The goods will be transhipped from Hongkong by S.
S  Follwer  .
The cost is associated with cost and freight.
As we all know, many college students lack experiences of social practice, which is a common thing in our state.
He will never know the cruelty of our socity as well as the principle for others behaviours if he does not take part in social practice.
the happiness of taking part in it.
College student ought to take part in society practice as much as possible in their spare time if they want to train themselves.
As far as i am concerned, for us college students, we must take part in some society practice.
I really like eating seafood, after dinner, we would drink coconut juice, that was amazing.
Before I went to college, I always pursued Libertarianism.
Considering that Peking University is famous for its relaxed environment, I suspected that there would not be a more suitable school for me except it.
It is really a satisfying life.
I can do any legal things I want to do and no one will prevent me.
I can dine out whenever I want and eat whatever I want.
However things are not always go as you expect.
Problems begin to emerge.
The money I spend is beyond budget and my scores are low.
So, I have to make some changes.
I begin to lower the unreasonable cost and learn to resist the temptations of electronic devices.
On balance, my life in Beida is wonderful and I like it.
In my Senior High school, I'm very happy to make a lot of new friends, including my teachers.
They are very enthusiastic and friendly.
People say that first impressions are very important, I think maybe it's right.
My first impression of Mrs Yu was that she was a very beautiful woman and her spoken English said brilliant.
The English class was interesting.
We uesd a new textbook and Mrs Yu's method of teaching is nothing like that of the teachers at my Junior High school.
She thinks grammar is imprtant.
She uesd a computer to teach us and then many language points appeared on a big screen.
We saw very clearly.
Mrs Yu wants to help us improve our spoken English, so she set a task: everyone need to prepare an introduction on your own, and then introduced ourselves in English to all the classmates before the class.
I think this way is funny and useful to improve our English skills, not only on speaking, but also on writing.
As well as, we can have confidence and courange to do everything after this experience.
And the behaviour of the other students shows that they like her too.
They complement each other .
Nowadays, with the development of society, making track for a star is normal social phenomenon.
Some people do not support make track for stars , they think that they may ruin school.
When they study books, they not only develop skill, but also take fun.
There are many jobs in the world .
Switzerland is a developed country located in Central Europe.
The area of Switzerland is 41000 square kilometres.
The population of Switerland is 7.5million.
Switzerland is a beautiful country and visited by lots of people every year.
Hello, Sharon.
I am a volunteer, I think I can help you improve your English level, because I was living in China.
My university is Chinese, all kinds of Chinese grammar system I can teach you.
If you want to learn Chinese, you must first learn basic vocabulary, usually have to listen to Chinese songs, look no English subtitles Chinese film.
In fact, happiness is always you put your heart into it.
I will never forget one thing.
Once, i head a bad mark at a math test.
But when i got back home late.
Nener give up.
I fell happy.
Whnever i am in trouble, i can fell my parent' .
In fact, more than four ways can be adopted.
Nowadays, college students fall in love seems to be a very common thing.
Almost everything in the university about love at least once.
Sometimes people in love reckless, regardless of the cost to do, thus has affected their studies.
Even for a variety of reasons lead to psychological hurt in love.
In my opinion, love is like a coin has two sides, there are positive and negative.
If you do not give yourself away in love but it as a drive, you will achieve greater progress in your learning.
I do not think you are able to tell them anything other than that your grandparents love it.
I'm very glad to hear from you.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
It's a symbol of traditional Chinese culture and can not be replaced by anything.
Before Spring Festival, people clean their house carefully to sweep away all the bad luck in the last year and hope for good luck in the coming new year.
Also they decorate the house with red, such as couplet and so on.
fresh meat and vegetables can't be absent, as well as beautiful new clothes.
During Spring Festival, all the family get together, enjoy delicious food and watch TV.
While , they go outdoor to set out fireworks and firecracker.
Next, because the youth is the future of china, smoking can damage the health of teenage, make them depressed, effects of their development.
As all with us know there is a trend of college students to do a part-time job during our spare time.
However, not all of us agree with it.
On the one hand, some people agree to take a part-time job.
They think there are many advantages.
First, we must know the advantages of ourselves before finding a job.
It may be a good chance for us to know ourselves and take good advantage of it.
Second, we have to find some information about the job which we will do by using all kinds of ways.
To be honest, it's also another way to study.
In the process, we may recognise a deal of information and lots of people, which is good for us to know the outside world and learn many things we can't learn at school.
What's more, it's also a good way for us college students to reduce the burden of parents.
As an adult, we have the responsibility to do that.
However, on the other hand, a group of people disagree with it.
The reason is that they think as a student the task and purpose is study.
If college students taking a part-time job, there may be less time of us to study.
Today, we are under the pressure.
If we don't have the professional skills, we may lose the competition.
In addition, another disadvantage is that some people use the eager that many college students want to make money to expose the false information.
And many students are addicted to it.
In conclusion, there are advantages and disadvantages of college students doing a part-time job.
In my opinion, only we take control of the degree and handle the time properly, can we get the benefit from it.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I think my life will be wonderful in many years.
I will be twenty years old.
Maybe I will go universty.
At university I will be more freedom and colorful than at high school.
I will study very relaxed.
I hope I will work in an article of clothing as a designer.
I will enjoy my work and get along well with my pupil.
I'll do a good job in whatever I do.
In my free time, I'll start a desert store with my good friends.
Of course, I will also do exercise in the future.
On holidays, I'll travel around the world.
Everyone has some unforgettable experience.
I became a volunteer in championship.
I did much work in the past days, such as, keeping clean of surrounding.
It is very tired thing for me.
Exhausted as I was during this thing, I still feel it was a worthy and wealthy experience throughout our life, which definitely shows that only when I have a clean and comfortable environment can our society keep in harmony.
Accordingly, let's treat nature the way do to ourselves, which is of great benefit both in the short term and long term.
As soon, the championship is over.
Though time passing quickly, soon came the moment for end, we still immersed in the wonderful atmosphere.
It's memorable what's happened during my life.
When he was children, his father was died of Gastric cancer.
Since that moment he is still live in Single-parent families.
The burden of family was pressured on his mother shoulder.
As the age growth, In order to share his mother pressure, he have to work after school.
I still remember what's he did for me.
That a sunny day, I spend time with my tea-mates to play football on the ground.
I don't know what's happened to me, I just fell unbearable pain.
My ankle was injured.
I am laying and moaning.
At the first time, he was running to me and give me his hands.
and then he was riding his bicycle and get me to hospital.
I have to be in hospital.
He always did his Everyday things.
But he has a little change.
Just as this change, I know what's pure friendships.
Now, He came true his dream.
and studied in university which He wants to.
Thanks him to make me fell pure friendships.
if l am elected the student union chairman , first of all , l will make our students' life become much more colourful to rank my brain .
I get a couple of kind friends and everything goes well.
I always talk with my Chinese partners about the study and almost everything about China.
The visit to the famous places of historic interest and scenic beauty of Beijing is unforgettable and by watching tne Peking Opera I learn mang things about the Chinese history.
What is more, I enjoy many delicious Chinese as well.
I will come back soon.
It is important to read on our life.
This promblem have disscussed in thos year.
Someone thinks that people should select to read books.
Their say that people have limited energy, but inthe word books is lot of.
However, someone thinks that people should read exentensively.
Their say that now is era of informations.
we must learn large informantions by reading.
In my opinoin, we not only read selectively but also read extensively.
In era of informations, we should read extensively to improve ourself.
But, the first we should select good books to read extensively.
Symptoms like feeling dizzy, lacking in strength, having bad sleep, inappetency and so on, will be recognised as the anxiety.
First of all, making appropriate progress for revision is a good option to make full use of time.
Besides, if having a bath or a glass of hot milk before at night, you will fully relieve stress during the sleep.
According to the research, students like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people.
At the same time, what they like least is that other people can reach them.
They made me confused.
Firstly, the mobile devices made our life more convenient.
When we are thirsty for reaching someone, they solved the problem.
So, we really like the mobile devices that we can reach others.
Secondly, I think I can understand the students who do not like the mobile devices that others can reach them.
Owing to they are teenagers, they are in a special period.
But parents will be very anxious if they can not reach thier children.
On the other side, your families and friends' call will make your heart warm when you are upset.
As far as I am concerned, mobile devices made our life easier.
Whether the service that we can reach others or others can reach us.
Studentes are always looking forward to summer vacation.
They consider summer vacation as the time of the year during which relaxing and having fun is the theme.
Whensummer acatio actually arrives , however , I don't tinkstudents will discover it as fun at all.
Although it's true than shool is done by the time of summer vacation, but the student are not free at all: lessons of various skills and activities have filled their day and mountains of homework has buied their desktop.
Even if some lucky one's managed to escape from those prisons, they are still troubled with the problem of how to spend their time, for there aren't many friend available to play with.
For instance, some people exceedingly trust that IQ is what successful people should possess.
It can be easily proved that the one with high IQ can be open to new theories and really catch the fresh ideas.
On the contrary, some others disagree.
They believe that those with high EQs can balances feelings with reason, logic and reality.
On the whole, as far as I'm concerned, we can put IQ and EQ at the same place.
As these people with high EQ run up against to a technical problem, they get the answer right away, since they built up networks of people before they needed them.
However, others with high IQ may tackle the problems on their own.
Yunmeng is located in Qingzhou of shandong province.
Mount Yunmen is a good place.
As the time went by, I have become a number of students in Gan Su Agricultural University.college students play an important role in the future.
So we should study hard and improve ourselves.
for us.
Although we fail in the study or life, we can not give up, because we always believe failure is the mother of success In my opinion, we had better take an active part in the school .
In order to improve our traffic condition, some people suggest that a limit should be put on the number of private cars.
The reason is that the public transportation condition is poor and the efficiency is low.
Almost every family has its own car in many cities.
What's more , there are increasingly more and more people being customed to driving private cars, and the private cars indeed have its own advantages.
If we put limit on the number of private cars.
All in all, it's far from a good solution to put a limit on private cars for traffic jams .
Apparently, internet brings great convenience to our communication.
Iong long ago, there was not internet in our life, people only could write letters and flying pigeon signalling to communicate.
Obviously, this way is very slowly.
It cost the much time.
On the one hand, the internet is vital, it can let family members, friends and classmates to communication more in the way.
This way is not limited by time.
So it is popular with our life, and people like it very much.
People can spend time in chatting with acquaintances through QQ or MSN.
I think it is convenient and quick.
One the other hand, it has the bad side.
The impact of the internet on interpersonal communication has the good way and the bad way.
In my opinion, everyone should make good use of the internet.
In the picture we can see , two people are terrified by the Online Rumors.
Every incident have their own derivations.
The reason why more and more people terrifying of the online Rumors is becoming more and more clearly.
Now I have two main reasons to explain it.
Firstly, people don not need to use their real names when they send messages in the internet.
So how can we solve the problem is becoming an extremely urgency.
As far as I am concerned, the first thing we should do is to make a effectively system to manage the cosmos on line.
Nowadays, more and more people would prefer online shopping, which means that the buying and selling take place just through internet without going out.
On the one hand, online shopping has many merits.
First, it can save our time and energy.
With the computer, we can buy what we want anytime by a click of mouse without going to actual stores and hanging around by foot.
Second, it is common knowledge that clothes, phones and so on are cheaper than those sold in physical stores, which is one of the main reasons that people like online shopping.
On the other hand, it also has some demerits.
Such as clothes, we can not try clothes but select them by pictures and sizes, which may cause us to buy unsuitable clothes and waste money.
This story was a love story between the Cowherd and the Girl Weaver.
Long long ago, the Cowherd depended the cow on each other for survival.
One day, the old cow asked for him to go to the forest and then he would see a beautiful girl who would marry with him.
The Cowherd was gloomy, but he did.
It happened like what the old cow said and they lived a happy life.
But good times did not last long, the cow died after he told him the matter.
Unfortunately, the Girl Weaver was caught by the Queen.
The Cowherd in cowhide accompanied by their children was chasing the girl.
When he was about to catch her, the Queen used a hairpin to draw a line which made them apart from each other.
Both of them struggled and cried.
Because of their touching behaviour, the Queen agreed with them to meet each other in just one day.
I'm going to be a good doctor after Igraduate from the univrsity.
I believe I'll bring my parents health and happiness.
In my spare time.
I'll stay with my family.
We'll tralel a lot and a lots of sports.
I'll also read as many books as I can for I want to improve my self.
It is obvious that everyone has a wonderful father.
To start with, my father looks like a visual aids.
In my childhood, when I fell down, it was his responsibility to pull me up.
However, he pretended to be falling down, and standarded up by himself.
With his encouragement, I standed up personally.
What's more, my father is also my teacher.
He strikes as me a master.
When I was behind in others, I am awful.
He helped me instead of criticizing me.
So that I made big progress.
Sometimes, when I abounded myself to entertainment, he would be strict with me.
He gave me insights into convenience.
Evevtually, only depending on my father can I grow up quickly.
Following him, I never get behind.
Faced with difficulties, I never say no.
In a word, my father fills me with life.
It was a sunny day .
There are many advantages of shopping online.
First, shopping online is very convenience, you can shop in your home or office rather than shop in the mall.
Second, shopping online is much cheaper, because the shops in the internet do not need to pay taxes.
There are also some disadvantages, such as unbefitting size, difference of color and so on.
And sometimes you can take some measures.
Our Chinese has a traditional festival, the Spring Festival.
Every family member should come back to have the reunion dinner on the Lunar New Year Eve.
This reunion dinner is not only a dinner to celebrate the coming year, but also means the concern to the family and parents.
But the single-child couples have difficult deciding which side they should go, they can only go to the husband's family or the wife's family.
Both of their parents only have one child and will be very lonely and disappointed if they don't go back.
The single-child couples not only have trouble in choosing go to whose family, but also have the problem in many other aspects, such as supporting their parents.
Each single-child couple have to support four adults and the pressure will be heavier with time goes by.
It's totally different from the last generation.
I think the government ought to pay more attention to the old persons' supporting.
First of all, every has their own characters.
Secondly, everyone has right to choose.
as a single person, not all in the world we like, we accept something just because we are forced to; however, from our bottom of hearts, in other words, we would like to say  no for something.
Finally, they can use their time to do whatever they like.
taking the classes they don't like is a painful thing, besides, it is not the only way to know much more knowledge, for example, traving all around the world can learn something useful we cannot learn from the textbooks.
We have organised an activity.
Our activity aims is to get close to the nature and take exercise.
We will get together at the school gate at 1:30.
We will start at 8:00 and end at 11:00.
Our destination is Guang Ming Farm that is 2 kilometers away .
We will plant vegetables and water flowers.
Shangai is one of the biggest city in the world.
It is big modern.
In China, all of people in city, country knows Shanghai.
The Oriental Pearl TV Tower and Sanghai Centre.
Shanghai is just a small village for fishing.
Just have 100 people.
Shanghai haven't got high building and doesn't have foreigner.
Pudong is just a big farm.
Until to 1940, Shanghai is knew by foreigner.
Then SHanghai changed.
People built the bund.
Shanghai held EXPO in 2010.
Shanghai become a big, nice and morden city.
Shanghai turns very big and interesting.
As far as we know , there were many kinds of accidents about food safety .
For example , the little baby who drinks milk power are harmful , such as sanlu , mengniu , yashili , yili ect .
Development is increasing faster , although fast food is convenient and delicious , if you eat too much it will be bad for your body .
You had better have meal at home because it is healthy .
I think China must be strict with food , ban the unqualified food .
We should protect ourselves and had better eat fast food as little as possible .
However, every coin has two sides.
The advantages of television are rich and colorful.
As everyone knows, watching television too much may affect our eyesight, which seems to be a serious problem.
And we must have a long term vision .
Nowadays with the increase of netizen , the internet become more and more important .
So, the safety of information must become more and more genuine.
Sometimes, more people use the internet spread false information, to seek illegal benefits.
Because of this , more people get much loss.
According to this situation, I think we should take measures to change this internet rumor.
First , The government and the public security departments should increase the strength of management.
Second, wedsites should stop illegal dissemination of information, and propaganda network safety consciousness.
Finally, people must learn how to listen to information.
Children are parents' wealth.
When young person have kids, become fathers or mothers, they definite love their children, and wish them healthy and intelligent.
Therefore, parents give concern and protect to children is a very normal thing.
This phenomenon leads to negative consequences.
Above of all, I think we should pay more attention to the elders.
We can live with them or in the wings.
It is necessary for us to communicate with them frequently.
I want to study English for different reasons, English is an international language.
So I think we should study English hard.
First, we can pass the exams very easy.
Second, we can be concerned by the boss of the company.
Third, we can communicate with the foreigners, so we can have opportunity to go aboard to study and development.
With the warm milk at night, the soft greetings all the time, i think i am surrounded by love.
The love comes from my parents, classmates and even the strangers makes me feel warm and happy.
My mother always says ' if somebody gives you love, do not forget to return the love.
So in order to show my love , i am going to give help to every person who needs.
As a saying goes:  people regard food as their god.
The food safety problem cause a lot of harm to our country.
From the picture, we can clearly see that an old women sitting on the chair in front of the mirror and talking by herself.
I feel worry about the old women because she just have her shadow accompany.
It occurred to me that this deed is irresponsible for their parents.
people should carry their parents together or people go back home frequently as far as possible.
What's more, his treatment is not for me, but for himself.
  You see, though you suffered so much, our master still cares so much about you.
To my surprise he treats me all by his own efforts.
I hope he can be happy forever.
  We have a good master.
The mobile phone is more and more popular in our life, and you can see most people use them everywhere, as well as library.
There is no doubt that if some people are reading, but your phone ringing, there is not only trouble others but also trouble yourself.
With university life coming .our life changes a lot , we have many obvious opinions distinct from senior life and middle school life .
While now a large number of university students demand to evaluate teachers' work .
As a teacher it is impossible to make all students satisfied no matter how good the teacher is .
So students evaluate teachers' work is unfair .
Teachers will be not in mood doing their work .
People who use mobile phone gradually growing with the development of society.
And mobile phone gives a deeply influence on people, especially on college students.
A recent survey of 2000 college students asked about their attitudes towards phone calls and text-messaging.
Naomi Baron who conducted of the survey is a professor of linguistics at American University in Washington D.
  In my view, I also find some problems about the using of mobile phone, especially college students.
Mobile phone gives a deeply effect on college students' life.
In modern society, most college students are lack of the ability of communicating with other people.
They always live in their own world.
For example, if college students have parties with their friends, they usually don't communicate with their friends.
They always play games or go surfing by mobile phone in the corner.
While college students have problems, they would use mobile phone to contract with their old friends.
A lot of students don't want to be bothered by other people.
College students always think that staying alone is very cool.
They are reluctant to answer if old friends often call them.
It may be thought of annoying.
In conclusion, college students should frequently communicate with other people by mobile phone.
And mobile phone just was a way to communicate with figures.
We could not lessen communicate during using mobile phone.
Phone calls and text-massaging would make people's relationship close.
College students could show loving care for their parents and old friends.
And we should not let phone become a obstacle when we use it.
Undoubtedly, e-book is more convenient than the real book which is made from the papers.
Generally speaking , the advantages of e-book is divided into three categories.
Firstly, e-book is much smaller compared with the real book, therefore, it is easy to bring .
Secondly, e-book can hold a large number of books at the same time, we can choose what we want to read randomly.
Thirdly, the real book always cost much money, e-book is cheaper than it.
However, reading e-book too long will damage our eyes.
I hold that e-book is no less necessary than the real book .
Some business men are often busy with their work, reading real books will cost them a lot of time , so e-book is much suitable for them.
There is something worth thinking about that happened in society today.
Some olds faint on the road but nobody would like to give a helping hand so that many olds are wounded even death.
the reason why these take place is we do not believe in others.
Between the lessons in the afternoon, a student fainted, as soon as they classmate saw this, they called on teachers to ask for help and sent him to the hospital immediately so that he got treatment on time.
Those who bring sunshine into their lives of others, can not keep it from others.
Every thing has two sides.
Genetically engineered food production technology has its advantages and disadvantages .
Now the population is increasing, people don't have enough food supply.
It can solve the food crisis.
And it may lead genetic mutation.
lIn my opinion, we should use the genetically engineered food production technology properly.
Nowadays, owing to increasing social pressure, people have commenced to be more concerned about recreation.
Accordingly, keeping dogs or cats, which could bring delight to the masters, is definitely one of the trends.
Traditionally, dogs are admittedly deemed as our loyal friends and also acts a positive role in daily life.
From a faithful friend from childhood to a console to the old, dogs indeed fulfil their commitment as our intimate friend.
Moreover, dogs won't leave masters however wealthy or destitute they are.
Compared with dogs, cats tend to forget their owners merely for accommodation.
Being capable of safeguarding our houses, they form an enormous danger to burglars and hence belittle our loss.
Besides, trained dogs, which do contributions to fighting against drug abuse, arresting outlaws and directing for the blind and paralysed due to their keen sense of smell and dexterity, are more and more crucial and useful at present.
Just out of the cottage students, whether you are a school or college, had to face.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a very important traditional festival in China.
The Dragon Boat Festival is on fifth day of the fifth month in Chinese lunar calendar.
It is used to make people remember the famous person whose name is Quyuan.
In ancient years, people would put a kind of food which was called rice dumpling into Miluo River.
It was said that people did such a activity to keep the fish away from the Quyuan's body.
And Dragon Boat Racing was also an important activity for ancient people.
Nowadays, we also do some things to celebrate.
In The Dragon Boat Festival, I will eat delicious rice dumplings which have meat inside.
For me, it is the most wonderful thing in the festival every year.
Dragon Boat Racing will be held in some places, but not my homeland.
What a pity.
In my mind, it is a very exciting activity, and everyone can enjoy it.
The Dragon Boat Festival is a traditional festival, and I hope the custom of it will be kept forever.
Dear Sir We'll organize a seminar next week and now I'll check some details with you.
Firstly, I have booked 401 rooms in our hotel.
Secondly, you should confirm the schedule with security.
I just graduated from college, and my personality is quite outgoing.
I like to contact with children, because the children are lovely.
I had been a volunteer when I got in school, and was respect for the elderly.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order.
People whose foreign language is poor .
we can not leave it , we use internet on study .
we can find some materials .
we also read some news, watch movies.
listen to the music.
if we are tired , we can play some computer games, .
we can say what we want to say .
we may make friends .
the friends are from everywhere .
we can buy something on the internet , someday , if you don not want cook and you also can not go out , you can ordering a meal on the internet.on the other hand , there are some disadvantages , such as someone likes playing computer games , and he play both day and night.
then , the people can not finish his school work.on the internet , there are some people , who cheats others money.
in my opinion , we should use the internet in the right place.
we can learn , listen to the music , watch movie , chat with our friends and so on.
but , we should not play computer for too long time.
That is to say, confidence is rather significant for everyone.
No matter if you face the pressure of learning or work challenge, no matter if it is favorable or dreadful, self-confidence is beneficial for us to make a magical change.
Furthermore, you will forget those low and even offensive words and have confidence to work better and better.
Evidently, everyone always encountering lots of trouble but not everyone is able to adjust himself to get over it.
A person, who feels happy, will find all the things are colorful and charming.
All in all, self-confidence is absolutely essential to achieving success in any endeavor.
You acquire it by doing, learning, accomplishing and persisting.
Remembering that no one is perfect.
At some point in any of our lives, we may feel we lack something.
That is reality.
Learn that life abound in bumps down the road.
I like relaxed learning atmosphere.
They take care of me carefully.
It shows respect for that man.
I am writing in response to your question about Chinese Spring Festival.
Before it starts, people usually clean the houses because we think we can sweep away bad luck.
And then we decorate the door with couplet, it means good luck.
We also go shopping and buy much delicious food.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, we cook a big meal and the whole family get together to spend the wonderful night.
During the festival, we put on our new clothes and visit our relatives and friends.
Children often get money called hongbao from adult.
What's more, people play firecrackers during these days.
I am L.
Our class plan to visit the nursing home this Sunday.
Second, when we go there we can make some dumplings for them.
What's more we can give some performances for eldery people.
I want to study English for different reasons.
There are mainly three reasons for this .
First, as the development of our country, we have to communicate with other countries more often.
The effect is obvious: we should learn English well.
Second, from the point of my view, it is interesting to study another language and experience new culture.
For me, it is just like a journey.
As a result, I like to study English.
Third, studying English is necessary for workers.
They think enjoy the work and life is very important , so they like to change careers and live residence as they seek what they want .
Secondly, in today 's society, some job security is lowering and many companies are dismissing highly trained .
However , as my own experience , in some case , many people are afraid of changing , especially old people , stay at the same job they feel the security and belonging .
Nowaday's more and more people their careers and place of residence , it can make their be happy .
It is known to us all that there is a famous saying  Everything depends on one's attitude  .
Firstly, we should develop a good attitude to life.
Life consists of not only sunshine but also hard time.
We should be brave in front of difficulties.
Secondly , we must study hard because knowledge is power.
If we have the power, we can help to build our country and enjoy life better.
In order to study well, we need to do sports so that we can keep fit.
We can go running, play ball games or simply take a walk after a day's study.
In a word , let's greet every day with a smile.
Tomorrow is another day.
I inform you that you will get a foreign language course.
Because our company has won a large export order.
Some people may think we must in the similar scores and values for life.
Others could require their best friend must have the identical interests and hobbies with them, so that they can communicate with each other well.
We have known each other for more than eight years, from middle school until now.
At that time, we were not neck and neck.
I had an advantage over her.
What's more, we concentrated on distinct aspects.
She was keen on science, while I was obsessed by liberal arts.
I was fond of sports, which was tedious for her.
Now, we are in the different universities and different cities.
We can stay together merely in summer and winter vacation.
  Hearing this, I didn't think it complicatedly.
I just thought she would buy my favorite thing.
However, out of expectation, she called me again at my birthday, saying she was in the Beijing Station .
Astonished and excited, I flied to the station quickly.
A Best friend is a person who will share your happiness as well as your sorrow.
They also eat lots of moon cakes.
Dear Mr.
In order to make the students learn English better and better.
The teachers want to find some good ways to improve our performance.
Those who hold the first opinion think that this idea is great, First, it can make us excited to learn English.
Third, We can also study from each other.
First, it must be noisy.
For a long time, my dream was to get a good grade in order to be accepted by a good junior high school, and then go to a good high school.
In order to encourage myself, I downloaded two images.
One was Guanghua hall in night with all it's lights on, the other was Xianghuitang in the flower's season.
I do believe everything will pay off.
And now, I have become a Fudan University student, writing this paper.
My mom and dad were sleeping well, do not have to worry about me any more.
It is important for us to have a pleasant state of mind.
Everyone wants to spend his time efficiently.
So, sunshine mind should be thought in you heart.
For the most part optimistic people like to make friends with others.
But want to make people cheerful, pleasant, sunshine.
My opinion's that is to where there is a will, there is a way.
Nothing is perfect.
Everyone have strengths and weeknesses.
We should be in-depth analysis of ourselves, to realize that our strengths and weeknesses, and try to improve, to constantly improve their own ability.
I think I am a easy-going, sweet-tempered, gentle girl.
I can get along well with others.
I like English very much and I am very interested in new knowledge.
When I take an English class every time, I am very hard work.
As for my weakness, I lack of flexiblity learned knowledge cannot very application.
In the usual time.
I almost can't use English to communicate with others well.
Sometime afraid of making mistakes, that is not very confident.
Because I am a little shy , so afraid to show myself.
Everytime make decisions are usually not decisive and don't have the patience to do things.
Thirdly.
There are my opportunities.
My major is tourism English that good prospects for development.
School have a lot of practice bases, so for our future work provides a good condition and learning opportunites.
Finally, is my threats.
My family condition is not very good.
Talent competition is intense.
I turms of my curret situation, English level 4 is still a little difficult.
and only a few advantages.
In a word , through myself analysis.
In the hospital, Jack told me this story, he said  I was afraid that I will lose my leg.
If I were you, I wouldn't do this.
As a modernist, I know our culture.
Getting a good education is imporant for everyone.
First, you can learn from motivated, capable student from a good education, which can enrich you experience.
Second, a good education means you have learnt more than other people, such as computer, dance, language, so it helps you to get more job opportunities.
The government makes the laws ruling people who do not often go home to see his parents illegal is understandable.
In today's society, more and more empty nest old man, the most reason is that their children are to bigger cities to look for a better job, or they were quarrelling, then, the boy decided to never ignore their evil cliche parents.
In now the society, the old man died alone in the home, and then a few months or a year before he was found the phenomenon is not uncommon.
Before this, will go home often incorporated into the legal precedent for this approach.
In South Korea, for example, to support their parents who can give priority to purchase property, while Europe is more on the spirit of supporting the elderly do the quantification to the daily  .
Dear Mr.
Yesterday, when I took off plane and got home, I found my dictionary lost your home.
This dictionary is my favourate America English teach lent me, so I very precious it.
BY my memory, My dictionary possbility lost at book-shelf which in my bedroom.
With the development of science and technology, the information is more and more important.
As far as I am concerned, shopping via media brings great benefit to our life and our economy on the whole.
A large number of abandoned materials are great harmful to human being and animals.
When he looked back on time, will not have to live that regret.
However, all the problems are temporary.
One's life should be spent, looking back, should not idle away one's time and regret, and he will not because of mediocrity and shame.
. .
My cell phone is of the Sumsung GTs-5838 series.
Looked at from far away, it's a cuboid which is about 8cm long,5cm wide, and 1cm high.
And there is only one button on the front.
Actually there are another two keys that are transparent only becoming visible when touched.
A camera lens , a flashlight , and an amplifier are set in the rare.
Press the button, and let's come to its functions.
It possesses basic functions such as calling, texting, surfing the Internet and others like games and microblog.
Since it's a touch-screen mobile phone, it's easy to manipulate.
To me, my mobile phone is not only a tool for communicating but also a symbol of my characteristic, aesthetics, and style.
For instance, marvelous my roommates buy clothes and book train tickets online on account of its convenient way and inexpensive price.
Nonetheless, every coin has two sides.
A large number of problems are also thoroughly exposed amid material society.
What is the most serious must be the quality of the product through last-several-years reports.
In the second place, there is no doubt that after-sale service has the right to knock out the confidence of consumers.
To my personal knowledge, in order to reduce the phenomena, the government should publish a law.
In addition, we ourselves should boost self-protection awareness in order not to be swindled.
Only we pay more attention to it, can we have a more safe and healthy environment.
The students who are in favor of free entrance fee for parks occupy about sixty persent.
They think that parks are the public spaces where people can take a walk or do something else for relaxing such as having picnics.
That is to say , judging a person whether guilty or not is depend on evidence .
The same to china .
The author hold the view that we should cheer fo Mterialism in our daily life.
That is to say, material is the essence of our life.
however, the view is not blameless.
however, if we emphaize the importance of persuing the materlal too much, we may get ourselves lost.
there are plenty of casts that can illustrate this phenomenon.
Duing the world war two, an increasing number of people chase after the possessions which even result the receesion of the economic.
At the some time, it is not far to seek that we are the second econmical country stangding in the global world, but a majority of folks still feel vacant, Facing with the multiplying rate of the suicide and murder, it is high time that we should bring the phenomenon nito considerasion.
Friendship is the artless and marvellous thing in the world.
Please treasure the good friends around you.
Because not everyone could become your friends, it is decided by the lot.
Before your friends encounter you, you are stranger, she or he doesn't know your existence.
After you become friends, she or he would care your life and study and so on.
When you are in trouble, she or he would help you without hesitation; When you are in low spirits, she or he do something to make you happy; When you are bullied, she or he would stand by you without any reasons.
Everyone comes to the world lonely.
The loneliness attacks us from time to time, let us taste the feeling of emptiness.
But friends can help you out of the situation, just like to have a chat or to play games, those would make you feel the better.
Of course, age is not a reason for that the young and the old couldn't become friends.
It is up to the attraction of two souls.
If they can communicate with their hearts, it maybe is a rewarding treasure-the old might teach her or his experience to the young.
As the narrator's experience, Mrs.
So let us value the friendship around us.
Susan Hobson whoever is a secretary have been working in the office for two years.
She is honest, hard working and dutiful.
As a matter of fact she is a competent secretary.
Nowdays, there is a growing tendency for people to use E-Book in modern social.
But there has been much disagreement over using E-Book at the same time.
Many people believe that E-Book has lots of advantages.
Some people claim that using such book has three main advantages.
The first one is convenience.
We can download something we interest in online whenever we contact with the internet.
There are also many kind of books in the net which can satisfy different favor of people.
The second one is that using E-Book is cheaper than using paper books.
It's known to all that buying books from bookstores is more expensive than doing it from net.
The last one is easing taking.
However, others strongly be against the E-Book.
they think using paper book can make students feel the knowledge reality.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments, I am inclined to agree with the former point of view.
For one thing, it seems to me that it is more useful to acquire knowledge with E-Book than paper book.
We are glad to inform you that we have shipped your sales confirmation No.
J-29 of captioned shipment ex S.
:  Pearl , and it will transport S.
:  Mayflower in Hong Kong.
This is about c&f according to clinch adeal.
As can be showed in the drawings.
Similarly, a young man write Beckham on his face , another man spends 300 yuan having his hair cut in Beckham's style .
The blind reverence is a common kind mental problem that has a negative effect on our normal life .
I was born in X province, China.
My major is English.
I think I'm a good team player and I 'm a person of great honesty to others.
That's all.
It's obviously that with the development of society and technology, the wechat is more and more popular in China.
Generally speaking, the reason why wechat is so prevalent is various.
As we all know, It's convenient for people to contact with each other as the wechat provide a voice system.
What's more, people can know the current affairs at the first time and spread some important information quickly through wechat.
However, each coin has two sides, So does the wechat.
For instance, if we use the wechat excessively or are even addicted to it, we will have little time to study and work.
I feel so lucky that there are a lot of love around me.
l think i am the happiest person in the world.
My father who works as a worker in company where lives far away Shanghai .
He often shows his love to me.
Although he goes home twice a month, he always make phone calls to me.
When l doesn't work well, he encourages me instead of scolding me.
At that time, l feel i am the happiest person in the world.
Afterwards, we should help others who is in trouble.
We find that 25% of the students like playing basketball and30%of themare fond of collecting something that they think are useful.
Nowadays, English become a worldwide language that more and more people learn.
Hundred of people consider that world will be overcame by English.
For this reason, we should learn it hardly.
On the contrary, we should pay more attention to our mother language.
We can focus on education of Chinese and development.
In my opinion, i like learning English.
Of course, we must speak Chinese well.
And them, English becomes a communicating tool and we must understand to communicate with foreigners.
I want to check details for an event next week.
And I have booked room for the event at number six in Huangshan hotel.
I remind you to confirm the schedule with security.
The pot should dry under the sun died, he moved to put the pot of water at; mobile vendors Aunt trolleys were stuck in the ladder to go up, he would trot across the street to give Mother a hand; stray dogs of being was helplessly watching him, and he broke off a plate of chicken half to the dogs; helpless girl and her mother was the same knees begging in the street, he looked at the small sign in front of her daughter grants  , did not hesitate to put his wallet and pulled out the last two hundred baht to the little girl; when he came back to his home he would always hang banana on the door of his neighbour -a helpless grandmother.
. this ordinary man patiently doing this seemingly insignificant little things every day, he has not become rich, he is still the unknown man, the whole world seems to be no difference .
. but we see that pot become vibrant, the aunt who owns the vendor became more kind, stray dogs become healthy and strong, and that little girl kneeling in the street begging and finally .
In conclusion, the leading role ---a simple man uses his action to prove that great love has no barrier and great change consists of every tiny performance.
Now more and more people lilke to play social nework , sure .
For more young people, I belive that QQ is everybody's most familiar social networking websites.
so now we need to learn to communicate with stranger .
At this time .
The social network is a good way.
sure .
With the development of the Internet, more and more people choose to learn English online .
In our daily life , English is very important to us .
However, a part of people don't have the chance to study English at school , so learning English online is very popular for these persons.
There are some advantages for someone who learning English online.
First of all, we can do a lot of practice everyday and we can study English anytime and everywhere.
In the late 1920s, television was born in Britain.
Which was regarded as a great invention.
Sometimes television is regarded as an educational role because of the informations which provide.
While in fact, television has some negative effects on society.
Television is of great attraction for many people, and the most thing they usually do is sitting down in a comfortable place with snacks, then start watching the telly.
They west a lot of time on TV without doing anything.
Never become a couch potato.
The small quantity of carbon dioxide in the air is essential, however the growth in carbon dioxide threatens to warm up our planet to a dangerous extent.
It is estimated that by 2020 the concentration will be nearly twice what it is now.
This means that in the coming decades , Earths average temperature will go up slightly.
As a result, the polar ice caps will begin to melt.
If these ice caps begin to melt , the sea level will rise.
As aresult, not only will many cities be drowned , but much of the most productive farming areas of the world will be lost.
At the same time , the wheather will be warmer an warmer.
First of all, in the last few centuries, the coal, oil and natural gas, has been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate.
Secondly, the forests have been disappearing.
First, we must save our forests, and even replant them.
I think it necessary for us to live better in our life.
It is like chocolates which can give us sweetness.
We all need friends, first, we human beings are social men, the loneliness for a long time makes us feel unhappy, so it can drive loneliness off.
Besides, it doesn't disappear even if we are confronted with difficulties, fear and despair and so on.
It is like other precious emotions consisting of our life.
What's more, the very special friendship is that from ourselves.
Sometimes, we not only need the friendship from others, but also ourselves.
On New Year's Eve, all the family people get together to have a big dinner in the resturant.
During the dinner we have a small talk and play some games.
We say some good hope to each other.
Thanks to this spring festival, it make our family people get toghther.
Now there are about 300 millions of people somking in the china .
Long long ago , a country has two Buddhist monk , one Buddhist monk was very rich, the other one was poor .
One day , they were decide to travel all around the world .
The poor Buddhist monk bring some thing and set out .
Time goes by , when the poor Buddhist monk went back , the rich Buddist monk still stay at home .
Through the stroy , I learn some opinion , whatever you do you should take action , not only hesitate to go ahead .
On the one hand, some of my classmates thought that we were supposed to surf the Internet so that we could get more knowledge and broaden our horizons.
At the same time, it made it easy for us to communicate with our friends and share our thoughts as well.
Overwise, on the other hand, others did't agree with them on it.
They held the opinion that disagreed to get online fequently.
First, they thought it would do harm to our eyes'health.
Second, if some students didn't have strong minds, they would spend much time in talking on the Internet and playing computer games.
In my opinion, I think that we should get online regularly.
Because we can learn more knowledge on the Internet.
Nowadays, with the economy and culture developing fast, private ideas have changed rapidly, including ego.
In my opinion, as the college student, we should have a kind heart to treat everybody for harmony .
only in this way can we heip each oher and gain much knowledge to create forture.
friends and relatives are also an important thing using our kindness, or we will lose our friend.
Nowadays, there has appeared a heated discussion among the college students as to whether they should value the academic performance or they need to promote their communication skills.
Some students maintain that it is very important for them to get outstanding achievements.
There are two factors contributing to this attitude.
On the one hand, academic achievements can urge us to gain more knowledge.
On the other hand, academic achievements is an important measure of a person in our country.
However, others argue that promoting communication skills is more important.
In their point of view, people who have strong communication skills are easy to adapt to society.
Furthermore, good grades can only represent the success of study, but having the ability to communicate with others represents greater success.
As far as I am concerned, I firmly support the view that we should train our communication skills.
As the saying goes: action speak louder than words .
A group competition will be held in our school and our teacher was calling on us to join in it actively last week.
But it's much easier to say what you're supposed to do than actually do it.
Never have I did much training.
Only in this way can our honour be saved.
Nowadays Mei plans to have a trip to my hometown.
The Great Wall looks like a dragon stretch in the mountains.
As a saying goes one who fails to reach the Great Wall is not a hero  .
AS a contemporary collegestudents, we should also keep up with the trend of the times .
Recently insome developed areas appear online shopping boom.
they passed taobao , tmall, websiteto find their qwn habitsa of goods.
Some people are accustomed to online shopping .
They feel so convenient, and save time .
Also do dont have to go out .
Some students in my class think that high school students should get online.
Firstly, they think getting online helps them access to knowledge and broaden their minds.
Secondly, they can communicate with friends and sharing.
The other students in my class hold a opposite opinion about this question.
Firstly, they think getting online frequently does harm to their eyes.
Secondly, if one person gets online frequently, he will be addicated to chat and games.
I think high shool students should not get online frequently.
As an old saying goes, Do not make your parents wait too long.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a temporary position as a model.
This summer holiday I went to seaside.
And I enjoyed myself.
That is a sunny day, and my parents and I went to seside, I'm so excited that jumped into the sea as soon as I got there.
The water was very clear only a bit cold.
I flet I was a fish in the sea We played ball games in the sea.
I said.
So we started a exciting match.
My dad was the champion.
This summer holiday brought me many interesting things .
There are many people in my life, which act various roles.
My teachers teach me scientific knowledge, my friends share my happiness and sorrow, my lover give me warmth especially in the strenge city.
I love my mom, becauese she is the man who love me most in the world.
She is always replying my mistakes with tolerance time and time again.
She will give me all she has whenever and wherever i need.
I grew up happily under her meticulous care.
Too much her giving makes even makes me take it for granted.
My childhood was full of love and happiness because of her.
As we all know , the earthquake is a serious disaster .
Here are some my opinions, First , we should have supplies of water and food in the home and at work .
It's also necessary to store some water.
Second, keeping a fire extinguisher handy.
We should have one at home , at work , and in our cars.
Third , storing some warm clothing and comfortable shoes in the home .
If there is an earthquake , there would be lots of broken glass on the ground.
So the suitable shoes can protect our fetes .
The invention of the cell phone has brought great convenient to our life.
Some people think, we spend a lot of time in play on the cell phone, it will cause the gap.
In my opinion, we rely too much on the cell phone.
If we use the cell phone to communicate with other people for a long time, we will be more likely to make spelling mistake or ambiguous expression.
Don't rely too much on the cell phone.
There is no denying the fact that the new information age brings us many convenience.
We can get enough information just sitting in front of the computer.
In spite of this, we will also for an incredibly large amount of information and confusion, worry, upset, sadness.
For example, when a search for something online, people can easily be irrelevant information interference, forgetting the original plan.
In addition, some information is often useless, in fact is advertising.
Here I have some useful skills.
First of all, in your search, list the information you really need.
Secondly, We should find some trusting and professional website then save and classification.
On the process of society, only-child families has become a serious problem.
Some people think that child from only-child families have more merits than shortcomigs.
Fistly, they value free will and will not accept orders blindly.
Secondly, they love trying out new methods and are full of creative ieads.
Thirdly, they have a thirst for upgrading their knowledge.
However, some people claim that the only child have more shortcomings than merits.
For example, many show much dependence on parents.
And some never learn to do elementary household chores.
It iseven worse that most tend to be spoiled, irrational and self-centered.
As far as I know, their merits and shortcmings are equally eyecatching  .
Commenting on the only children is a science and an art as well.
Their progress should be reviewed.
School, families and society must give them room to use their creativity, skills and ideas.
In the recent years, the safety of the food in our country continues to grow in very troubling numbers.
Firstly, the food which is not safe is bad for our bodies.
The second, it brings to the consumer economic losses .
On the one hand, the unsafe food reduce the integrity of the industry.
As a common people, we should improve our food safety awareness.
When we buy food, we should go to normal bazaar and choose carefully.
Besides, we can strengthen the attention of food safety news.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buyingcars.
With the internet development, some new way of communication is appearing.
As we all know, we can make many friends by chatting online.
The Cyber Love is coming with it.
The one is acurate love can grow between people who have never met each other, the other is not.
If they don not communicate face to face, they will never know entirely each other.
Secondly, true love is based on ups and downs of lovers in daily life.
In my opinion , I'm against that .
Nowadays, an increasingly number of people copy hundreds of songs and TV themes from the net.
However, it's important to realize that if people download essays and songs for free, they won't buy all kinds of books and CDs.
Therefore the author and singer not to earn money.
What's more, we get free downloads for free without permission .
Although some artists give people a chance to download the track to hear new song for free , it's only appeal people to buy CDs.
It's worth noting that although people know that free download is illegal , they still choose to get free downloads.
It seems that when people be punished , they will buy CDs.
New Year's day when I went to my grandparents' house, and where to live for a few days.
We all have a family dinner every Spring Festival, after finished the adults will be sitting on the sofa watching TV, and my brother and I will play computer games.
A well-known blogger said that it was impossible for Hanhan to write the so wonderful article in New Concept competition.
This issue caused the controversy in the society.
Although blogger said apologizing to Hanhan soon, Fang said Hanhan did not write the article by himself again.
Since the issue appeared, Hanhan made explanation in this regard at once.
He said that score in New Concept competition was real, though Fang thought his article was not good.
The beginning he was extremely angry, he should respond to him.
Otherwise readers would think Fang was true.
He was not only for his own defense and took the manuscript.
He said his classmates could prove him.
Fang insisted his opinion.
Hanhan found others ghostwriter.
He said that he was paranoid and you did not know.
When journalists talked to him, he felt that Hanhan should apologize .
And no matter how he kind of sophistry obviously a teenager these articles were not written by him.
When he was a teenager he may not be voluntary.
We should understand Hanhan.
However, I think we should not be free to have a conclusion.
Before making serious conclusion we must be cautious.
Nowadays discussion platform is free.
So many people can talk freely.
But it has many shortcomings.
When we need to believe something on a blog, we should learn to choose.
Though Fang and Hanhan debated fiercely, I think they should calm down to think about it.
Some people choose to keep cats owing to cats' tameness.
However, some people keep dogs due to dog's loyalty.
First, dogs are more loyal.
What's more crucial is that they can protect their owners.
Once there is a danger, dogs would try their best to protect their owners.
Dogs are more humanity.
Different types of dog play a different role.
On the other hand, the lack of knowledge about the importance of protecting environment hinders the solving of the problem.
Modern society is becoming advanced increasingly no matter in what aspects, the technique or the human mind.
Whereas the old days is full of cruel tortures once, the ancient people were ignorant because of imperfect social system.
The old society are filled with feudal atmosphere.
Take China for example, in old China, the emperor was in the highest position and he stood for right, the civilians depended on emperor and they thought he was always right although he was wrong in fact.
  The black box which was used to the lottery had been put into use even before the oldest man Warner was born.
  It illustrates the villagers have held the activity for many years as well as it is obvious that how stubborn these people were.
Besides, the scene that old man Wanner snorted and said pack of crazy fools,  to the north villagers as a result of they tend to gave up the lottery.
For another thing, the facticity of democracy in those days, about the relation between democracy and violence.
The democracy has a visional sense of existence.
Although the idea of democracy was underlined again and again, the potential violence still existed and affected perpetually.
For instance, in this essay, the people of the village began to gather in the square, and Mr.
In contrast, the so-called democracy was based on torture.
When Tessie got the lottery, she shouted It was not fair.
and even required Mr.
  At the end of the article, Although the villagers had forgotten the ritual and lost the original black box, they still remember to use stones.
as well as The children had stones already, and some one gave little Davy Hutchinson a few pebbles  , from the two sentences, they think kill a people with stones is normal and even want to only took less than two hours so that they can get home for noon dinner.
There are also existed another weird situation which about unfair.
It contains a lot, such as the unfair of race, the disable and gender etc.
Take sex for example from The Lottery, When Mr.
and Now, I'll read the names-heads of family first-and the men come up and take a paper out of the box  , it has been easy to recognize the inequity of female and male, just the men could choose.
The violence, the stubborn minds and the fair are horrible, but they just a small part of the torture in the past.
Mr.
I'm glad to receive your letter, but I'm sorry to hear that you are afraid of the people will make fun of your disability.
In my opinion, you shouldn't look down upon yourself.
On the contrary, you need to stand up to take part in it.
As all we know, Helen keller is considered to be one of the greatest deaf and blind women writer and an educator.
When she was a small girl , due to illness lost vision, hearing and speaking ability.
But when she grown up, she doesn't given her life up, she tried to study with a good teacher.
And she insisted on learning everything as well as a normal person.
Not only she educated from the Harvard University, but also she written several novels.
Thus, we can see that the disable aiso can achieve success.
I think it possible to win the prize with you.
For example, Bill Gates.
Everyone knows Martin Luther King Jr.
Switzerland, one of the places that I most want to travel .
It has a very fascinating scenery, which is known as The garden of the world .
Switzerland is a developed country, covering an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.
It is situated in the middle of Europe with a population of 7.5 million.
The capital is Brene.
An old woman sat in front of the mirror and said by herself.
She was missing her youngsters and felt lonely.
After having this picture read, it is my feeling that the old woman wants to be cared loved.
May not be only this old, but all the olds in the world are looking forward to being focused on.
They experienced the ups and downs of life and just devoted most of their lives to their generations and society.
It's unfair and unmoral that leaving them in houses and letting them lives by themselves.
There is a saying that the tree may prefer being calm while wind not subside, the son chooses filial while parents died.
It is an incompatible true that our parents are being old while we are growing up.
So, don't leave your parents alone.
When I first see this title, many thoughts occur to me.
Academic performance is essential for me in the long-term.
In the modern society, people pay more attention to academic performance .
It is significance for us to study well.
We must try our best as though we were in the senior school.
As an old saying goes:  good study, day up.
On the contrary, we went through college entrance examination , so we learned academic performance.
Communication ability can teach us how to get along with each other.
If you want to survive in the society, this ability is useful.
As an old saying goes:  Every coin has two sides.
However, as far as I am concerned, I subscribe to the idea that communication ability is more important than academic performance.
In my opinion, chat with others is a skill that we can not learn in the books.
On the one hand, this ability does not learn easily.
On the other hand, we does not know how to use it correctly.
It is known to us that the development of economy is proportional to the degree of air pollution.
We should not only consider economic issues, but also our health, so we must try our best to achieve the goal that living in a beautiful and healthy country.
I personally hold that we should take a heap more frequently than driving.
For one thing, people who take a bus is more economical and practical than by cars, so we can salvage this money to buy beautiful clothes or anything we want.
For another, people who are fond of sightseeing, it is a good way to watch the fantastic views outside the bus.
By and large, take actions for our globe.
Hello, everyone.
My name is X.
Nowadays, there are all kinds of exams.
For example, the allow of entering university exam and the allow of entering high school exam.
Many people think there is little people can past civil service exams, but civil service can bring a high salry and it also is a easy job.
It is a dream for many people.
Of course, l also think it is a exam which Little people can past.
I also consider this work can bring many interests.
It is posible that i will take the civil service exams someday.
People who want to make it should do enough prepare before exam andhave perseverance also, shouldn't fall by the way.
We can know that Solo has the most popular people.
First, love is a feeling each other , l feel she is a beautiful girl and l love her at first sight, this is love , now , the development of net give we new ways of make friends and love , for example, two of cyber love doesn't know each other , so in your mind , she is a beautiful and perfect girl , this is cyber love .
Currently, self-confidence has been more and more valued by people, even as a standard of selection of personnel.
No one can deny the fact that self-confidence is one of the most essential factors for success.
No matter what challenge you face and no matter how terrible the circumstance you are in, the self-confidence will bring a miraculous change to us.
One outstanding person is bound to have confidence, because if you truly believe yourself, you will make every thing succeed.
Apparently, one way to develop our self-confidence is to do what you are afraid of and be successful.
It is indisputable that if you are afraid of something and always fear of failure, this reflects lack of self-confidence.
Obviously, if you can do what you afraid successfully, you will be imbued with confidence to do other things.
For instance, when I was in high school, I was afraid of mathematics.
It was too difficult to learn very well and always failed in the maths exams.
When it came to the grade 3, maths achievement became much more important foy the upcoming college entrance examination.
Therefore, I tried my best to learn math well and then when I gained a great success in a simple test.
I suddenly felt it is so easy to learn math and all the questions I had ever met were not problems.
Finally, I regained my confidence in maths.
Additionally, confidence is not just about attitude and is not just believing you can do it, it comes from what you know yourself to do whatever you want to do and making effort to do it.
By way of conclusion, it is personal belief that self-confidence comes from your believing in yourself and work hard for this.
Tony is my best friend.
He is sixteen years old.
He is short but he is verysmart.
Tony is interested so much activity, like music, soccer, computer.
He always woke hard.
what's more, he like helping students who need help.
Tony used to patiently teache me English .
Nowadays, iPad has become an absolutely popular tool in our life and it has become a great help to almost all of us.
Generally, it's advantages can be seen as follows.
First of all, by using iPad, not only can we listen to music but also read text books.
But every coin has two sides.
The negative aspects are also appear.
One of the disadvantages is that it will waste a lot of valuable time.
And it will also influence our studies.
As far as I am concerned, iPad will do us students both good and harm.
People who are familiar with the chinese history should know that women's position is pretty low, especially in fidelity.
With the society developing, the men's and women's position come to equal gradually.
In china, women's position has been greatly raised up to now.
Women's political, economic, social and culture rights are being more effectively guaranteed.
A great deal of women get the education.
The number of women take the job.
Besiedes, as to say the jobs, those easy and well-paid jobs are always belong to the women, men and women are different .
women are physically inferior, and mentally intimate.
In my opinion, the equality between men and women is relativistic, equality hasn't been realized completely.
As we all know, a healthy body is very important to us.
We can't do anything without a healthy body.
As a saying goes, health is the source of revolution.
As far as i can see, we can do many things to stay healthy in our daily life.
First, we should do more exercise instead of just stay in the bed all day.
We can have a walk or play sports.
Second, we should eat healthy food like vegetables and fresh fruit.
Having a balance diet will help us more healthier.
Finally, keeping a good mood is also essential for us to keep healthy.
We need health.
There are also many ways for us to choose.
I am Li Hua .
My grandfather was out of condition and he was eager to see me .
Therefore I have not visit him for three years since I went abroad .
To be frankly, every person has his or her own strength and weakness.
So do I.
While I describe myself as a big boy, in fact, I am not that tall, (I guess my height ranks at the average level).
It is my age that determine me to be a 'big' boy.
Since I'm a grown-up, no longer that naughty teenager, I've been used to appearing more mature in my life, but you see , sometimes I am still a boy , the one trying to disobey the principle of school or what someone else has told me, only wanting to do what I want , or staying at someplace along.
Of course these sentences could far from telling the complete characters of a person.
To learn chinese well .
on other way you can read chinese newspaper and magazine .
For fun.
In today's China .more and more forigners can sing Chinese songs .
In the end.
youcan make many.china friends .
who is like me.
and they awalys friendly and kind.
In my opinion .
learn from your teacher is the best way .
On one hand , some people put forward the point that reading is a process of selecting .
In accordance with your major , you can choose different kinds of books .
On the other hand , some people prefer reading all kinds of books .
They insist that the world is developing quickly and human being needs the ability to catch the speed of development , so people should reading extensively.
In my opinion , I agree with the first idea.
The development of society is so fast , we can not channel our energy into so many things .
We should enter into the things that we are interested in.
hello .my name is mike .
