Students performance is declining by the passage of the time.
Due to these all.
I think too much pressure makes the smartest student a fool.
Every student has different talents.
And is good at different part.
The study not only way to achieve success.
In consequence.
Parents should give appropriate pressure to children.
Parents can arrange time reasonably for their children to be relaxed and exercise.
Or give children more free time doing what they interested in.
Nowadays competition and wider , which covers sporty , job and education .
Ail of us in the society must be faced with competition.
On the one hand competition is good for our development .
To tell the truth, I dislike when people refer to competition.
As an old saying goes: every coin has two sides.
We are totally puzzled by these two types of condition.
The thing result in this may be what we called generation gap.
Exactly speaking, young people like fresh and special things while their parents like old things.
Just like music, parents like country music because of they thought it is quiet and peaceful.
Of course, country music is close to our life.
Nonetheless, young people thought country music is out of date and lack of movement.
As far as I am concerned, if only we make more comprehension between parents and children our relationship will turn better and better.
Mr Kolin is one of them.
We are pleased to inform you that your goods under No.
J-29 Sales Confirmation have been shipped per S.
Pearl and will be transshipped into S.
We have sent your shipping advice by fax in Mar 15,2013.
The more people drive, the more poisonous gases will be released into the atmosphere.
These harmful gases pollute our environment and threaten people'health.
What's more, there are so many traffic jams due to the numerous cars.
Thus, people have to spend time waiting.
As far as I'm concerned, it's better for one to work by bus ir by underground, if he doesn't have something emergency.
The government and organizations should arouse people'awareness of environmental protection through all kinds of activities.
When I feel tired and unhappy, the reading room is the best place to go to.
I thought making dumpings is interesting.
And the way to make dumplings is so easy that I can learn it in a moment.
Most of year time we are life in school, there are a lot of interesting thing.
We must arrive before half past seven in the classroom.
So teachers do.
If we can not in the classroom in time.
We will stand side of classroom door.
There are nine class in a day.
In monday, we have Math, English, art, Chemistry, Chinese, two self-study at night.
Iusually do my homework When I get home from school.
And I have dinner .
If I finish it is quickly.
That my general day life, it very homeliness.
Overall, I can't agree with that you can do something without self-confident.
I wold like to begin by pointing out that  self-confident as education, we should pay attention to it when we were a child  .
Some famous believe that education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper on your self-confident.
In many ways, it is a sight from the start and the end of your life.
Moreover, some individuals assert that self-confident relies totally on your parents and your education.
Neverless, I would be hard-pressed to imagine how the method to be succeeded will reach their ends without active individual involvement.
Quite ironic is that on the one hand some people wisely think self-confident is by our parents.
In other words, they can't get a clear perspective of self-confidence.
Self-confident is a mean that can help you success.
If you want to be self-confident, you should know some information of it before you do it.
It is a good way to be self-confident.
I think it is the most important part for every one in our daily life.
It is a good beginning of the thing when you encounter problems or you take an examination.
Self-confident is the cornerstone of the successful life, in many ways, to try to keep traditions alive with self-confident.
In my point of view, if you want to deal with it, you should be able to be confident.
If you want to success, you should know some results about it.
I'm X form Y Middle School.
In this particular contest, I was glad to have won the first prize in this contest.
And now I'm also glad to share my experience about learning.
For example, you can take part in the school English conrner, and you can learn some new English words.
It's also a good way to keep a diary every day.
It's very useful to improve your English skill.
And if you have enough time, you can find the website about Enjoy Reading.
You can practice English with your pen pal on this Internet and writing down your English articles.
I hope these experience can help you to improve your English skll.
Wherever in the world, the idea of what is a healthy family varied widely in different areas and period.
In my opinion, a healthy family is not only a system of shaving responsibility, but also a system of individual freedom.
There are five points about what's a healthy family.
First, a system of sharing responsibility.
The couple should take on the family's responsibility together.
Women have been in an unfavorable position for so many years in marriage, and husbands always think it is natural for women to stay at housework alone, such as cooking, cleaning and taking care of children.
This is unfair for women.
Second, respect for each other's privacy, the couples should respect each other and leave space for each other's privacy.
Though they are couples, each other have rights to protect their own secret.
Thirdly, the ability to bring quarrels to a quick and satisfying conclusion, When there is a quarrel, the husband should yield to his wife firstly.
This show is a spirit of a real man to be tolerant.
The most effective way is to be out for a while and then make explanation to the wife.
Fourth, clear parental guideline on right and wrong.
Parents is children's important teacher, and parent's behavior may affect children.
Nowadays many children complain that their parents are too strict with them and demand too much of them.
So clear parental guidelines is very important.
The last one is easy interaction among family members.
The family as a group, is more powerful.
A family is a smallest unit in society.
The roots of many social problems are within the families.
Most people were sleeping.
However, just as every coin has two sides, digital products may also have a negative influence on us.
For instance, some people are becoming too dependent on digital products.
Nowadays some students even can't concentrate on studying.
In brief, I believe that digital products have more and more advantages than disadvantages.
In the modern day people are increasingly being aware of the importance of health.
And there is no doubt that everyone wants to have a good body.
Everything has its limitation.
Our body is the same.
If we work around the clock for a long time, we will get sick.
In addition, if we don't get proper exercise, the final result will be obesity.
A healthy lifestyle includes a good diet, getting enough sleep and doing an appropriate amount of exercise.
There is a saying goes that an apple a day keeps doctor away.
What's more, we must eat breakfast daily.
Enough sleep is very important too.
It can make you energetic.
Physical exercise contributes to our metabolic system.
My favourite teacher is Ms Bai.
They say that first impressions are very important.
when i first meet her, i think that she is so beautiful and fridenly.
It was the first lesson with us, she introduced herself to us.
It is important for us to better understand her.
After a week, she is already popular.
Because Ms Bai's method of teachering is very interesting.
when we get into trouble, Ms Bai teach us solution method instead of answeras so that we can get good marks in chemistry.
During scientific experiments, she explains excatly what is happening and as a result.
She often cited examples in order to us can understand better.
She tells jokes when she think we are getting bored.
Remember once, i get bad marks.
I felt so sad.
She made a conversation with me.
I think she might criticize me, but she gave me comfort and encourage.
She said she can help me solution my problem.
I am grateful her.
With the development of th education, classroom activities have became various.
Some studnts would like to study on their own, they think study is very important for themselves.
When they are studying, they want to a quiet environment which could be beneficial to their study.
However other students prefer to study in a group.
Form my point of view, it is very necessary for us to study in a group.
When we study on our own, we could be bored.
Studying a group can make study funner, it can raise students' enthusiasm of study.
During the communication of classmates, we can find some questions which we ignorned and make relationship of classmates more friendly.
I sincerely invite you to join our outdoor activity which is to be held by Student Union at GuangMing Farm, situated 2 kilometres away.
As it's really a good chance for us who lead a busy city life to make some change, we are really looking forward to geting close to natures by means of planting vegetables, watering flowers, picking up fruit and so on.
Moreover, we can take exercise which we are lack of in the meantime.
We will get together at the school gate at 7:30 and start at 8:00.
It will last till 11:00.
I have got a idol called Jackie Chen .
He is very successful in each film.
And he works in each film .
They are all my favourite films.
For example , last week , I quarreled with my best friend.
One day, when C.
In now society, people who have morality is needed.
I think that school should pay attention to morality education.
School should usually organize students to social practice to improve students' practical ability.
Our student should increase our own self-cultivation.
On BBC, one of the news states, London's Metropolitan University stopped taking new students for its undergraduate degree in Women's Studies in 2005 and the last 12 students will graduate with a BA in the subject this July.
Hi.
We can think if we were writers how could we organize the plot which makes us strict.
today, we watched a video about those people who suffer from AIDS in the class.
I felt very upset after saw it and I think they are so unfortunately because people do not want to make friends with them.
They are so unfortunately, so I think we should give them some help.
Today in China most people are smoking include young people.
All people know smoking is an unfavorable convention.
It is unfavorable for our health.
Someone supposes it is a popularity.
They employ the most money to buy the cigarette.
Someone claim it can help them become a bit positive when they are in trouble.
Young people smoke in that study or popularity.
I disagree that smoking.
We know, psychologically problem aways lead to some disease.
Some person like living in the city because the city life has many advantages.
Living in a city can offer easy access to job, shopping and entertainment.
Life there is more colorful and meaningful than that in the country, and there are more modern conveniences in cities for us to enjoy.
By the way, the traffic is convenient in the city.
People can go anywhere they want by public traffic, taxis, buses, subways and so on.
First, country is close to the outdoors.
They say life in the countryside is closer to nature and better for their health.
Second, it is far away from the noise and air pollution and traffic jams of the city.
Families that live in the country have the benefit over crowded cities and industrial areas of having clean air.
For me, I would like to live in the city when I am young.
And living in the countryside when I am old.
In recent years, on excessive packaging become a kind of staly.
All we know, conkelose let's us beaty, ring let our hand more long, meanwhile, packaging also let a averiety of gifts expensiver.
There is a general debate nowadays about the issue of the homeless people in the word, coupled with more and more homeless problem in many county's .
As a matter of fact that getting worse every year .
We must hear a prominent marchen named The Little Matchgirl in our childhood.
In this story we should make out the little girl is homeless person too.
So we can imagine that homeless people either haven't a snug.
Not only they don't have a house to protect, but also have inadequate for comestible, clothes, clean water and the like.
In addition to these, we can wise that homeless people just like us, they also have father, mather, and maybe someone have kids.
Though they don't have a house, they also have their family.
It is undeniable that this is on doubt that people should have sympathy for the homeless because many of them suffer from unfortunate and need assistance.
Start with short term help-provide food and clothes or clean water.
Thirdly, the price cheaper.
But some small goods will buy on the net.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, English is interesting and play an important role in the world.
Secondly, English is applied around the world for computers and sciences.
As a result, we have to learn English to know more developed and advanced knowledge written in English from other countries.
English not only provides us lots of fun, but also opens up our eyes to another world.
He began to learn medical, afterwards because of China's war, he thought to save more people, also can't change reality.
It is often said that confidence is the first secret of success, without confidence one can do nothing well.
Adimittedly, self-confidence plays a crucial role whether learning or life.
Life is like a chess game and we are the pieces, we will lose heavily if we are not confident during the process.
In order to build up self-confidence, the most important thing is to adjust our mentality and maintain a positive attitude.
First of all, we should come up with our merits and demerits.
Recognize the disadvantages, improve it and seize the opportunity to show our advantages.
Secondly, self-confidence cannot stay in the imagination.
We should start with actions such as use a great variety of chances to exercise ourselves consciously.
Confidence needs to be trained in every moment of life and it also needs more self-expression.
For people who suffer from social phobia, they need participate in more group activities.
There is an old saying  one takes on the color of one's company  .
Thirdly, it is also effective to set appropriate goals.
Setting a goal itself is a form of confidence.
Once we have targets in heart, we will exploit our potential continuously and try best to realize them.
On all accounts, there are many methods to build up self-confidence.
With the development and application of high pier in the viaduct, more and more attention are being given to the quality of high piers in the bridge.
Load resistance in the high pier of the viaduct need to be much stronger and marvelous section takes many problems in construction.
To solve the problem of large section in high pier and load resistance, not only can greatly improve the quality of high piers but will accelerate the development and application of high piers of viaduct.
High-strength concrete frame column can reduce the size of column section, reduce weight and will not reduce the mechanical properties, which not only solves the problem that ordinary concrete have in quality and in construction but improves the economic benefit.
Confined concrete can effectively reduce the component section of concrete structure, increase the use of space and because the section and the weight is reduced, rate of earthquake is also further reduced.
Several possible reasons are as followed .
The advantages of going abroad are as follows.
Firstly, students who go abroad can have a favorable language environment, that is conducive to learning language.
Secondly, it can widen their vision, learning advanced western technology.
However, some people think it has disadvantages.
On the one hand, the students are too young to look after themselves, for they are lack in life experience.
On the other hand, they live without their friends and parents, feeling alone and missing their hometown very much, which has a bad effect on their studying.
When I was a child, I don't understand the hard parents, I always feel that they should bring up me.
They should let me to go to school and let me eat satisfied wear warm.
Now I grow up, I know their is not easy, but for so many years I have never say thanks to them.
Now most of the college students also like me.
We all think that their parents dont't have to say this, some people will feel embarrassed, and also some people will feel disgusting, the other people think it is noy necessary.
But I want to say, throw away the idea, their are your parents not others, don't feel embarrassed, bold speak your mind, I believe they will be moved.
Ther will feel that children grow up, know the consideration for them.
Actually they want is very simple, as long as you good is their biggest pursuit of life.
With the development of society, people on the school is also more and more high.
Filial piety is the most important of all virtues.
Sons and daughters should fulfil their filial duty to their parents.
The core of traditional filial piety cultures is love, while the core of love is the contribution.
Honesty is the best policy.
Cheating in nowadays is still a big problem.
People cheating in the examination.
In a short time, some people may take advantage of dishonesty to get what they want.
Character is a project of our life.
Good character requires doing the right things.
In order to keep public out of smoking, from 1th Jenerary 2011, the government has put on the notices of stop smoking  .
of smoking.
And about 75% of the person are man,25% are women.
Besides, about 5.4 billions person are being hurted by second-hand smoke.
My world was occupied with exercise and examinations before I enter the university.
The colorful life of university let me feel emotional.
About the problem whether we should participate in campus societies, my classmates have different horizons.
Some believe that campus societies could enrich our life.
They regard it as a good way to make friends with people who have the same interest as us, a stage where we might show our abilities, develop self-confidence and broaden our views.
While others don't think so.
As for me, I enjoy kinds of campus societies, which bring me to a fantastical world.
Taking part in clubs light my boring life just like a lighthouse.
However, All thing should be regularly  .
As the saying goes, pratice makes perfect.
, means you practice something over and over again you can gain a good command of it.
I always believe it.
Learning English you must not only to memorize the word but also to used it in daily life.
Use English, Try to conmunicate in english with your classmate or your teacher ect.
My favourite Radio Programme is The Central People's Broadcasting Sation voice of China.
It belong to the night emotion class programme, and every night.
This programme is mainly carries on the emotion exchange.
Show host will tell some interesting story, can also speak some ordinary person soul-stirring story.
The programme give people some spiritual comfort.
The host will heart and soul with each audience through sweet or vigorous clear voice communication.
The show portrays contemporary Chinese spiritual home.
some people think that firecrackers is a good things.
They believe : at first, it can increase atmosphere when they are set off on holidays.
with friends obviously can deepen the leadership each other.
In the meantime, you can enjoy the grand view and gain a pleasure of sharing with others.
However, others person disagree to set off firecrackers.
love the broader and deep tradtional Chinese culture.
Oneday, I was sleeping but woken up by my parents' laughter.
I was a little angry.
But the curiosity won.
I went downstairs, walking into the living room.
To my surprise, it was playing a blind-date show.
As far as I'm concerned, the reasons for this phenomenon are follow: First, more and more single persons are delayed on matrimony by annoyingly busy.
They need blind-date.
Second, TV stations seize this opportunities to make profits.
Three, in order to cater to audiences, producers had better make more innovations.
In my opinion, the producers must act according to their conscience.
And the persons in blind-date show should be responsible and serious.
We audiences had better give patience and encouragement to them.
Lectures and discussions teaching are two ways.
To nowadays teaching, college students have different preferences.
A number of them like lectures teaching.
Teachers have a special way of their own about teaching.
As a college student, we have different academic courses.
So we will accept a great variety of different teaching methods---lectures and discussions.
Then, it makes us have different views.
Because the method that suits oneself can be better learning.
In my opinion, it's essential for us to accept a great variety of different teaching methods.
The packaging of products draw people's attention and is affecting consumers to choose when shopping.
The packaging of products such as colors and shapes play an important role in selling.
But it has no means to become the standard when we are shopping.
Good packaging does not necessarily have a good product.
For example, a mooncake costs only two or three yuan, but when it's put into a delicate box, the price will go up highly.
First, what weshould figure out is what is put into under the packaging.
Second, thinking more fron the pespective of marketing and comparing more similar products with which you want to buy.
There are many reasons for me to study English.
On one hand, with the development of social, English become more and more important .
On the other hand, I can learn more about western countries by studying English.
What'more, as a word saying: One is never too old to learn.
Sam and Tom are good friends.
There are a lot of differences between Sam and Tom.
Sam is smarter than Tom , and Sam is taller than Tom.
Sam is funnier and more hard-working than Tom.
Oh, Sam gets up as early as Tom.
Tom is good at sports.
He runs faster than Sam.
He is thinner than Sam and friendlier than Sam, so he has lots of friends.
As is known to all, waste on campus has become a serious problem.
We can always see some students dump a lot of food.
Sometimes, they buy much food, but they don't eat up.
As far as I'm concerned, we should set a good example to reduce waste on campus.
should eat it up and don't dump it.
Food doesn't come easily.
Last year, it was the first time for me to make purchases of goods on the Internet, which made me desperately sad.
After a few days, the package remained not to arrive, made me upset.
After the Spring Festival, I got the package in the end, while I was surprised by the clothes' quality.
I have learnt a lot during this shopping experience, which is I will never buy anything online.
Charles Robert Darwin was born February 12, 1809.
He is a British biologist, founder of the theory of evolution.
In 1831 he graduated from the University of Cambridge.
  The book tell us if you can adapt the environment , you will survive in the world.
Origin of Species is the basis of modern biological theory of evolution.
It subvert the Creationism.
  The Origin of Species is a creative book.
It is an artistic work of Academia.
In my opinion, Charles Robert Darwin is a creative person.
His examination help people increase the knowledge.
He made people learn more about the world.
He was a great scientist.
University is full of fantasy for me.
As we can see from the picture, an old woman, who lives alone, seats in front of a mirror and talks with the person in the mirror.
Or to say, she just talks with herself.
At the first sight of the picture, my heart was deeply touched.
Using the most beautiful time of the life, parents bring up their children day and night.
Maybe there are many excuses which we can accept understandably.
Sons and daughters have to busy themselves with work.
Or maybe they have to take care of their little baby.
However, parents ask for big nothing, just a call from you or a dinner eating together.
All in all, it is time for us to be concerned about our parents, no matter how busy we are, just like what they have done since we was born.
The first step, call your parents and tell them that you will have dinner with them tonight.
Secondly, go back early and help mom in the kitchen.
And then, just talk with your dear parents at the table enjoyably.
It is a natural phenomena.
The climate change is only a guess ten years before .
Now , however , future is extending in front of us .
What the Canadian see is the Arctic ice that is disappearing gradually .
What the people of Latin America and the South Asia see is the destructive strum and flood .
Many scientists think , a large number of the greenhouse gas emissions cause the aggravate of the greenhouse effect , it is the basic reason of global warming .
Nonetheless , not all scientists think so .
Some people suppose it is quite another matter .
They make claims that global warming is a nature phenomena.
It is nothing to do with human activities .
Firstly, we should eat a minor quantity of meat to the best of our ability .
In that there is a lot of resource waste during the cultivation , feed , transport and so on .
Secondly , our government should pay attention to resource reclamation and try our best to be frugal of resource and employ popular type of shipping .
Thirdly , it is important that we should grow trees and greenbelt in spring .
Awaiting summer , we will see a green world .
Nothing is impossible for a willing heart .
I believe , we can see our country through .
Sometines you have to stop thinking too much , and just go where your heart takes you.
As long as we do , we can deal with it .
The picture said that someone puts some online rumors on the internet.
Others seeing them are afraid.
As we all know, online rumors are harmful.
Because the people spreading of online rumors will take in us so that they can gain lots of interests.
So if we are cheated, we will lose many interests.
Such as money, spirit.
Even they can threat to the personal safety.
So facing the online rumors, we should keep calm firstly.
And we ought to know characteristics of the online rumors.
When we don't know the news is ture or false , we can ask someone for help.
We can tell police the online rumors.
All in all, we are sure not to believe the online rumors when we across from them.
I read a book named The Old Man and the Sea  , whose writer is a famous person in Ameirican.
An old fisherman, had not caught any fish for 84 days.
He set out to the sea again and went far away from home.
Fortunately, he found a big fish this time, he struggled with it, and killed it in the end.
He fought for it, not only wanted to make money but also show his pride and prove himself a true fisherman.
The fish was very large, dragging the boat drafted for two days and nights.
But the big fish attracted many odd herds of sharks to eat as food.
The old man was exhausted when he was at home.
  said in this story.
He still was appreciated and he was respected by other fishermen.
Seeing us again, when we meet some difficulties in our lives, we are often unconfident and we always complain a lot.
We should learn the spirit from the old man and do not give up easily.
It is uesfol for our whole lives.
Anyway, try our best to do everything.
I think the subject is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order, people whose foreign language is bad.
the subjects will start at 5.00pm in the conference room.
the person i want to appreciate most is my mom.
it is my mother that gives me life and all her love she is a womon with short hair and shi is also a littie short.
she is patient with me and always smiling while talking.my mom teach me how to think independentiy and helps me to build up my confidence.
when i have some difficulty in my study.
it is my mom who encoroges me to work until i solve the problem.
when I'm feeling sad or bad.
Books can also reflect what you like.
Such as you want to go to travel, like to travel, or you will look at some travel notes.
When do you often see a writer's books are, elucidation he in the regions that are similar to those of you or of worthwhile places for you to learn.
Classics in their view are out of style, boring and on fun.
We can easily find support from that telephone now can be called between many people, not as the classic one that can be called between only two people.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of information technology, no one can deny the basic face that Internet play an important part in our daily life.
On the one hand, it is widely acknowledged that Internet have become an indispensable part of society, which make our life and work more comfortable.
Besides, Internet make our life more and more convenience.
As we all know that every coin has two sides.
On the other hand, if we depend in Internet, for which will bad for our internal communication skill.
As far as I am concerned, for which problem more good than harm.
For Internet, we should treat correctly.
It was a person not a ghost.
with the development of society, home has the most important meaning of country, which is on behalf of 56 minorities.
We must love and protect it forever, and at the same time, home is just like a harbor.
As far as I'm concerned, it is important for us.
Home consists of many members, for instance, your parents, sister, brother, also your grandparents and so on.
When you encounter some unhappy things, they can comfort you and put you at ease, and hear your heart carefully.
So the key point is that they will be happy what you are happy.
their families-continent, but Taiwan is located in the other side-the strait of Taiwan .
So the government takes measures to avoid the USA destroying the relationship of China and Taiwan, meanwhile do their best to prepare completely.
Only if we can have a happy, peace, secure life.
Now we know everybody likes to get home with their families during the holiday.
In a word, we know if the country home is lost, we cannot live harmonious society, meanwhile a small home is lost, we cannot have confidence and perseverance to face up everything.
The classic plays an important role in your life.
However, nowadays, some people think that reading classics.
There are many reasons for this phenomenon.
First of all, most of them are in the shadow of practical ideas.
These classic is unlikely to meet these requirements, such as professional skills or find a good job.
And, more importantly, online reading can help people obtain information more easily and effectively, by contrast, reading classic is very time-consuming.
As college students, we sdhould fully realize the importance of reading a classic.
In the future, we face a lot of pressure and challenges, vocational skills obviously not solve all these problems.
His name is Zhang Jiebin.
He's tall and thin with short black hair.
He is quite shy with strangers, but he gets on well with his classmates.
He likes reading very much, he goes to librany nearly once a day.
basketball, football, table tennis, especially badminton.
he is really bad in this sport.
I think he also does badly in basketball and table tennis.
said.
you.
example, all of the people here could have a better life.
The house got bigger and some of us even moved into the beautiful flats.
The roads which were muddy and narrow that days got spacious.
And they connected these villages and the towns.
We also bought a Tractor, a truck and a car.
The biggest change in my heart was that the student could have good education.
There were so many changes in the countrysides that I can't tell you all.
Last Sunday, I was going over my lessons, because there will be an exam next week.
But my roommate had nothing to do.
So he watched the football match on the Internet , it was very noisy, and he also cheered the players.
I was very angry, and I couldn't stand.
At last, I let him turned down the sound.
Rencently, I read news about on income sources between Chinese students and American students.
It's reported that illustrates the different in sin-us college students source of income.
Chinese students and American students are different from the ways of education.
I suppose that the differences has the following three points.
First, It's reason for Chinese and American have the different state of the union.
Second, Chinese students have some difference of the American students' education.
In my opinion, I think our students should learn more way from American students.
It has many fans in the world.
And apple company producted some products, like ipod, ipad, iphone.
Iphone appearance is very simple and generous.
And it can be installed on so many game and software.
Iphone could be the first time to update the mirco-blog or Renren and so on.
Although I like it very much, but I didn't have.
Because it's expensive for me, and it need enough flow.
Then it updated soon, for example you bought iphone4, iphone5 will listing soon.
And many function more suitable foe the business people or in foreign countries.
Shortly before, the creator of apple---Jobs, died.
People feel sorry for this.
I think without him, there is no apple today.
He is really great man.
Although Jobs is gone, but his spirit of innovation and firm, stay in this world.
As far as I am concerned, opportunities, determination and perseverance are all important.
Beijing is a very old city.
Its story is very interested.
It have many beautiful parks.
But the best one is the Summer Palace.
It's famous for the Great Wall.
It's very long and beautiful.
Visitors shouldn't miss it.
It have many execellent department stores.
The Beijing opera is very famous.
A lot of people like to see it.
The weather is always good.
In Beijing, the most famous food is Beijing Duck.
It's very delicious.
Everying coin has two sides .
E-books also have advantages and disandantages .
so , we can find it more convenient and frivolus .
It is more easy to carry out outside .
For example , we can download books from the Internet for free or we can read them directly online besides , if you are tired to read the book now , you can preserve it and you can read this place the next time .
The last one but not the least one, E-books are more envirmental protection .
It is known to all that disasters are hanppened frequently and the most important reason for the phenomenon is the decreasing of trees .
E-books also have dis adevantages .
As far as I am concerned , we can read some not so important books by computers and celephone .
And we can look into the distance after the long time reading .
Everyone know the Hazy Weather, but we all don not know it in detail.
So i looked into it yesterday through the website.
The reason of why wo should know more about it is we meet the Hazy Weather more often.
There are a lot causes for it , such as vehicle exhaust, and the waste gas from the factory.
For our health, it is our duty to do something to solve the problme.
For example, we need not to drive our car everyday.
The leaves fall from the trees.
Leaves whirled in the wind like the flying butterfly.
The whole earth will be dressed in white.
There is the old sayings  to open a book is always helpful.
Ten years later, I think it should de like this.
In this picture, we can see a young boy and his father are talking about something in a room.
The boy worried about disposing of nuclear waste.
But the dustbin in his room is full of garbage.
The young boy is always thinking about something very far away from his life.
He worries about disposing of nuclear waste, but does not want to sweep his own room and empty the dustbin.
He has a broad field of vision, but from a certain point of view, he ignored to focus on his side.
In my opinion, the son's idea is not wrong.
Because he is not only take care of himself but also pay attention to the world and human.
There is no denying that all kinds of after-school activities add happiness to our school life.
I like sports very much.
I often play volleyball with my friends in order to keep fit.
I can get happiness and friendship when I am with them.
What's more, jogging is a great choice for me, too.
Though someone thinks it is too boring.
It goes without saying that I took part in my school orchestra last month.
And we gave a performance which I thought was amazing.
It is high time that we studied hard.
Everyone knows that the Internet developes better and better, besides, the development of net gives peple a new way to make friends and love someone.
Some people who prefer it think that a cyber love is beautiful beacuse distance make beauty of love.
But in fact, there are lots of points that should pay attention to.
You know, most people on the net attracted because of good looks, but they don't know it is deceitful.
Furthermore, true love dose not grow without contact between two minds.
As alawys know, it is really dangerous to meet net friends who have never met each other.
True love depends on acceptance of each other's demerits as well as hunger for each other's merits.
Firstly, l will continue studying about something new by reading many books to improve my quality.
Then, l will find a job about tour guide because l love travel.
Meanwhile, l will have several part-time jobs which make more money for my parents.
After that, l will bring my family to walk around to open their eyes.
I will afford to do sports with them every day, which makes us healthy.
My future is in my heart, to achieve what l want to do, l will make great efforts now.
We know that AIDS is the one of the most dangerous disease in the world .
When I saw those pictures about AIDS .
I feel so sad .
Espiation saw those children who suffer from disease .
They can't play like normal children .
They don't undstand why the disease have't right .
A lots parents don't allow their children stay away form them .
The patient of AIDS 's children also need care .
They look forward to someone's love to make them feel happy feel the world is full of love .
So move now .
You can wrriten letter to them .
Sending some funy books to them .
Or send some money to the medical establishment hope it can find the right way to cure AIDS .
I hope everybody could pay more attition to the children who got AIDS.
They're not demon.
They just children.
When they happy they will give you a beautiful simile like normal children .
Trust me .
Polar bears are one of the largest and most dangerous hunters in the North.
Their bodies are built for winter and they do best in colder areas.
Unfortunately, polar bears are now threatened by recent climate changes.
We can do somthing to the global warming such as plan tree, don't drive the car.
To ride a bike, reduce the greenhouse gars.
I wish the polar bears will have a happy time.
From childhood we read a lot of literature, including poetry, prose, novel etc.
Nowadays our earth is becoming warmer and warmer.
First, we should use more clean energy.
Third, we should recycle bottles, glass and plastic bags.
My firat trip it's went to the Dong Bei when I was eight year's old.
WE went to there by train.
the train it's very fast.
I went to there with my parents and my grandmother.
We clambed mountain by the sightseeing bus when we at Ji Lin.
We saw the Tian Chi and Korean's collage.
They were very beautiful and nice.
They were delicious and smelled very good.
I liked the food very much, I'm very enjoy the trip.
This trip made me very happy.
From above, we can find that the reasons are as follows.
First of all, witn the development of science and technology, more and more people are busy working, too busy to cook by themselves, so they have dinner or supper in the restaurant near the work place.
However , these restaurants' workers often add something harm to our health in order to improve the taste.
Secondly, some people fail to develop a healthy habbit, such as washing hands before eating, no eating the leftover food and soon, that makes illness finds it way in by the mouth easily.
Nowadays the crack of the steel bridge in soldering holes accounts for a large proportion of the fatigue crack, of which the influence cannot be ignored.
So effective studies of the fatigue crack can wait for no longer which are of benefit to all the world.
The author uses the ANSYS finite element software to simulate the orthotropic steel bridge deck of a steel box girder over the hole numerically.
This essay tells us the processes to simulate the crack.
First of all, definite the calculation model and material parameters.
And key parameters, namely the shape of two through holes, thickness of top plate and diaphragm, are analyzed.
Then, definite boundary conditions and loading conditions.
Finally, calculate the model.
At the same time, the author uses some comparative ways to analyze the influence of the fatigue crack.
There are many conclusions we can be drawn from the essay.
For example, the stress at welding seam calculated using the soldering hole shape of highway standard is larger than that of railway standard.
The railway standard, which are 19.7 Mpa and 16.5 Mpa, respectively.
The railway standard is favorable to fatigue, the maximum stress at welding hole edge according to railway standard is larger than that of highway standard, which are 19.7 Mpa and 16.5 Mpa, respectively.
The highway standard is favorable to fatigue.
And the thickness of top plate has insignificant influence on stresses at soldering hole and welding hole edge.
Besides, the maximum stress at diaphragm varies significantly when its thickness changes and the thickness of diaphragm has great influence on the stress, which decreases with increasing diaphragm thickness.
English is one of chinese student's important subject.
Learning English include the lisening, speaking, reading and writing.
I think, first, exams should be modified to add some factors into it, which would help students pay more attention to spelling.
Then, schools should also set effective mechanisms to help teachers as well as the students to realize the importance.
To deal with this problem, successfully, we should be made aware of the serious consequences of misspelling.
We should try to establish the connection between the word and the word.
It considered as the best time in a day.
By the way, blue is my favourite colour and it stands for calm and peace.
I can read the whole book with my soul at peace in this blue sea.
First, a teacher who is rich iin knowledge is a good teacher.
So that he can teach us knowledge.
Second, a good teacher who loves to talk to students is a good teacher.
Then the students will talk with teacher relax and they will not think about too much.
It's good for students'health.
Third, a teacher who's lessons are amusing and interesting is a good teacher.
In my opinoin, the good teacher is kind and patient.
So that I can ask teacher for many questions.
And then he will explain to me so clearly that I can understand it.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of new technology, e-book is more and more populor .
In addition, e-book is environmental .
So it is not very easy to take .
Besides, e-book affects people's vision seriously.
We should keep the pace with morden city .
Her name is Lisa.
Five years ago, We went to the same mid-school.
Before we became the best friend, We were only the classmate.
We never fight and argue.
A few months.
She was adorable.
She loves kidding and listening music.
Her hair was very curly and black.
She also was very kind, easy-going and so on.
When she helped other people.
She was very happy all day.
She played basketball for the most part and She can play it well.
She was crazy about table tennis.
All in all.
L like talking with her very much.
L supposed that we got on with each other.
A lot of people love playing with her.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online frequently and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some students don't agree with it.
They think it is bad for our body, especially eyes to get online frequently.
The more time we spend on the internet, the worse our eyes will be.
In addition, it takes some students much time to chat with others or play computer games.
But the other students think it is good for us.
It makes us access the knowledge and broaden our horizons to use the Internet.
At the same time, we can share the knowledge we learn with friends.
In my opinion, two of opinions are both right.
If we use the Internet in incorrect way, it will do harm to us.
It's an great honor for me to speak here.
First, let's start with a widespread example.
An undergraduate asked for a trio of Apple Products , tending to follow the fashion trends.
What really affects is our vain glory.
Vain glory blossoms but never bears.
So what can we do is to stay far from vanity, and live in a rational life.
Best friend will make a breakthrough in company with you, he will never leave you behind.
Looking at pictures isn't in conflict with reading passages.
A harmonious family provide a comfortable condition, which is good for children to develop theirs' personality.
Besides it is good for every family number to get a lot of benefits.
If children living in a family where is full of feud , the children will be influenced by this and it will injure their hearts .
So I think all people should join together to create a harmonious family .
Water is very essential for people  s living, but the amount of water can  t meet people  s need.
With the industry developing, more and more water need be used .
The temperature raising daily.
Susan Hobson is my secretary and she has worked in my office for two years.
She is a competent secretary who is hard-working during her working time.
She has many good qualities such as devoted to career and known for her honesty in office among her colleagues.
Besides, she has a good command of English and German with influent speaking.
First, you can not keep learn.
Second, you must prepare a book to finish the wrong topic.
Life is so difficult.
when i wrote to the 100th word.
I find that the words were on the wrong place , so i moved it.
And it was a stop , then i pressed the back key.
And the page turn the search bar.
And i searched it again.
It was in a white screent .
Everything was gone except the time  .
Above this, Some people even worried about us.
They think that our 90s focu much on self and despise the teamwork in our daily life.
And they also think we lock perseverance and are easy to give up.
They even think we are blind pursuit of what is popular nowadays and too eager to be successful.
But i don't think so .
It is too one-sided to consider all the 90s as mediocre persons.
In my opinion , i think our 90s are very patient and tough.
That's all.
I said, Comrade Yang, I want to buy two packs of salt and 2-metre cloth, and ----.
  OK, here you are.
Reading has been widely advocated.
The old saying, to open a book is always beneficial .
Some people think that reading is important.
By reading books, you can know many messages that you don't know before you read.
Second, reading can enrich knowledge.
Books record a wide range of the things about life.
Through reading, we can learn about various aspects of life.
But other people think, reading is not important, we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences.
First of all, they think through the practicing, we can learn many skills.
Secondly, practice teaches us skills.
Practical ability made us know how to learn a certain language, how to get a good job, how to become popular in your circle and son on.
In my opinion, you can improve yourself in all aspects by reading and reading is a critical part of learning and growth, at the same time, we should pay attention to practical ability.
Not only to read many good books to enrich your knowledge and get whatever information you need.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.
She is twenty years old.
She looks very nice.
She quite tall, with big eyes and short hair, and she wears glasses.
She always wears dress.
She is always friendly to us.
Her all students love she very much.
She likes singing and dancing.
Last summer, a new selling point known as blind audition brought the attention of audiences to The Voice of China which are first shown in Zhejiang Satellite TV.
In this show, four famous singers as judges do not appericiate the contestants' performence face to face but sit back to the contestent until then decide to turn the chairs to show that they would like to coach this contsetant.
If more than one judge turns, the contestant has the right to choose one judge as his or her coach.
Recently, people often discuss a topic which is important between theory and practice.
However I do not think that the topic is meaningful.
In my opinion, we should attach importance to both theory and practice.
In the first place, Theory is based on practice.
Theory comes from practice.
Theory not been tested by practiced is not worthy of belief.
On the other hand, Theory, in turn, severs practice.
I do not think that it necessary for us to cherk every theory.
As far as I am concerned, Theory and practice are interrelated each other.
Now since most school do not attach importance to moral education, without virtue only cause there are lots of creams.
They don't show filial piety to parent, not honest and dependable, even on bus refused to give seat to old.
Newspapers also frequently sees college students because his seat even shout at the elderly.
If people cannot even basic morality is not good, even if he has a high capacity, to the society he isn't a useful person.
Because he is a selfish man, he wouldn't make any contribution to the sociable.
Now I'm having a good time with my chinese friends.
First, I study with some chinese students, and do some sports with them, for example play football.
And then, we visit some places of historic interest and scenic beauty.
We also see Peking Opera in Beijing.
I live in a chinese student's home, and I enjoy the Spring Festival with his family.
I like the life that in China.
My father is an extremely crucial people for me .
So I can always depend on my father .
When I was a child , my father plays with , which makes me grow up .
Now my father teaches me how to make friends with others and depend on myself .
My said, parents can help you , teacher can help you , others still can help you .
But all these people only help you to depend on yourself .
Althoug I can depend on my father .
Nowadays the electronic computers are now in common use all over the world.
When I was in the 3 grade I was closed to the computer firstly.
On my studies, the internet is a good resource I can make rational use of it.
When I surfing on the net, much surfing has impaired my vision.
A coin has two sides.
Nowadays, more and more college students have a lot of unhealthy habits.
Good habits play an important role in our life.
As for as I am concerned, a part of students usually pull an all-nighter to play computer games.
So those college students in the class are not committed to listening.
Their study are not good.
And spend a lot of money on those are not necessary.
In order to their huge costs, their parents most be crazy at work.
It is harmful to us.
Some students always stay up into night although they don't play computer games.
First and foremost, so precious is time that we can't afford to it.
you can do something good for you.
For example, we can read books, they can open our minds.
Besides, we should go sleep in time are prepare for work tomorrow.
Last but least, we should realized that it is not easy for my parents to earn money.
we should keep thankful to them.
We are able to communicate with others in online instead of answer a couple of questions in a big class .
At present, there are a number of people more ande more rely on computers.
It's shows that use computer to do thier work, chatting with other people on the Internet or palying computer game.
There are many else.
But it will bring some problem owing to relying too much on computers.
In my opinion, I admit computers have make our life convenient and rapid.
We can easily do many things.
But computer also may cause a few problem.
For example, many people's writing ability is more and more weak and many words we couldn't write.
And computer makes people lazy.
So, we should propose people don't rely too much on computers.
The olympic Games will be held after four years.
SOgoverment will be putting up new buildings in the capital and the whole area .
Kurt Gunter designed the buildings and workers will have completed the new stadium by the end of nest year.
Ten years later, I must have graduated from college, and I can do what I want to do.
With the development of science and technology, the phenomenon of global warming.
For example, human activity causes decline in the forest area.
A lot of people use fossil fuels, leading to increased carbon dioxide emissions.
For this phenomenon, we should take some measures to alleviate global warming.
As a college student, we should learn the knowledge of increase global warming.
We also can save energy and no waste.
We can hold activities, such as planting trees, do volunteer work.
Tsinghua University is my dream university.
It has long history, which interests me most.
As one of the famous universities in China as well as the whole world, it represents the high technology.
Tsinghua University, Located in the northwestern suburbs of Beijing, was set up in 1911.
In 1928, Tsinghua University changed its name as National Tsinghua University.
In 1938, it changed its name as National Southwest Associated University and move to Kunming, Yunnan Province.
Tsinghua University has many departments, even some well-known schools.
The University includes several departments.
They are Department of Architecture, Department of Building Science, Department of Civil Engineering, Department of Construction Management, Department of Hydraulic Engineering, Department of Environmental Science, Department of Environmental Science, Department of Precision Instruments and Mechanology, Department of Precision Instruments and Mechanology, Department of Thermal Engineering, Department of Automotive Engineering, Department of Industrial Engineering, Department of Electrical Engineering, Department of Computer Science and Technology, Department of Automation, Department of Microelectronics and Nanoelectronics, School of Software, School of Aerospace, Department of Engineering Physics, Department of Chemistry, Department of Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Mathematical Sciences, Department of Physics, Department of Mathematical Sciences, Department of Physics, Department of Chemistry, School of Life Sciences, School of Economics and Management, School of Economics and Management, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Law, School of Journalism and Communication, Academy of Arts and Design and School of Medicine.
The famous four buildings, which stand for the whole Univerty, are the auditorium, a library, the Science Museum, the Coliseum.
We can know others.
Just like The Land Of Woods And Waters, landscape garden, assembly hall, the main building.
They all make Tsinghua University become mysterious and histories.
I suppose I can enter Tsinghua University one day.
I'm the nersonin charge of the school.
Now we need an editor of the English version.
If you do it, you will need to choose articles form English newspapers and magazinesand the Internet, and, you need to select and edit the articles from students.
Throughout the years civil service exam registration personnel number, enter oneself for an examination for civil servants peremptory has become a popular trend, as a way out for comfort.
Another view can see an official Chinese several thousand years of history, has always been a people turn is the main and important way.
An official means high person, shall have the right money and treasures will be plentiful.
Judging from the current also means to obtain a good seats.
For the earning, he first realized is even worst and a good income, a stable if luck can also have a tight, the future is more likely to Carnegie Hall.
I think the key or the management of civil servants and examination method.
Civil servants, civil servants, just as its name implies is to serve the public.
Now that is a fundamental service personnel should be aware of the public is.
Should want to other services staff have a strong sense of competition, have to have.
China's employment environment is not optimistic.
Difficult employment, and is not usually difficult.
Thirdly, the rights and interests of Chinese common laborers has largely been illegal trampled and deprivation.
Light can very clearly see from the social welfare, civil service benefits is best, all kinds of social welfare can complete implementation of the national requirements, and even some units will is beyond the scope prescribed by the state.
In ordinary workers here at the grass-roots level, to fully perform the enterprise is very low, many of them are disguised to deal with, or transfer of loopholes.
Coupled with relevant government department supervision does not reach the designated position, or some local authorities are everywhere for these situation, therefore grass-roots employee's welfare extravagant hopes.
Combined with the low level of wages, workload is big, and competition is intense, so of course everyone wants to take an examination of civil service.
In recent years, the advantages and disadvantages of phones have become a hot topic both on and off campus.
There are a recent survey of 2000 college students asked about their attitudes towards phone calls and text-messaging.
What they like most is that they can reach other people while what they like least is that others can reach them.
There are several reasons for this.
First of all, students get more opportunities to communicate with their old friends and relatives who are far from them.
It is an excellent way to improve relationships with them.
And then , it costs less to send a message than write a letter or any way else.
For example, if they have anything emergency, a short message will be convenient and useful.
It is very cheap but timely.
Last but not least, it is general that the Internet with cell phones among college students are widely.
They can learn news, look for useful information, chat on line, etc.
From my point of view, with the development of technology and economy, phones will be more and more convenient for people, especially our college students.
Nowadays, more and more universities think the most important thing is study and cost lots of time to develop students' study ability.
As a university student in the new times, we should develop study ability and moral character in the meanwhile.
If we want to be a excellent student, moral character is absolutely necessary.
In the future when we step in the society, moral character may be more important than the study.
Because lots of companies think high on the moral character.
They thought moral character is the basic of conduct oneself and good moral character can help the company get the better development.
If a person only have good study ability but didn't have a good moral character.
Although Government employees exam is more and more popular , graduate student is busy with the job.
One the other hand , undergraduate student get off the university to found the job, but we know the salary is a few and request more experience , certainly experience is important .
My name is X and I am from Y, Z.
There are four persons in my family, including my father my mother my sister and me.
I am an active girl, I really like to make friends.
Also, I like eating and playing.
I can eat too much once.
I like swimming.
But there is no swimming pool in our school.
And I like playing badminton, too.
What is more, my favourite colour is blue.
But in my opinion's, as a student, I should fully realize the importance of reading literature.
when we work, we will face a lot of challenges and pressure, we maybe angry, but literature will make me calm, and know a lot of reasonable.
This year, I had a very unusual Spring Festival.
Then we got the headmaster's permission.
In the end, we had a big success.
Although I didn't spend my Spring Festival with my parents, I still had an interesting holiday.
There are four aspects of communication.
First, need a brief self introduction, it is very necessary.
Second, the differences between the two cultures, as students of us, the most concerned about is the diet.
Third, you can exchange the two sides of the middle school education.
At last, This is some of my advice on this activity.
The business of the college is not only to train you, but to put you in touch with what the best human minds have thought.
Anyone in the world can't be isolated, instead, we are attached to the society.
thoughts more or less.
When we are not in technical training school, we only specialize in some particular skills.
While in universities, it can provide us with both training and education.
We can learn many things from many aspects.
College can supply lots of knowledge for us and all kinds of activities.
Such example happens in millions of people, that they've made up their minds thousands of times to give up smoking but failed all the time.
If you want to run faster than a car, that's impossible, and you won't achieve it even if you practice everyday.
If you plan to become a scientist today, but tomorrow you change your mind to become a philosopher, success won't come to you neither.
So a strong will means it is realistic and permanent, rather than just staying superficial and not related to the present at all.
The will should be linked to one's own conditions and match their maximum capacity.
A man with a strong will won't be afraid of toughness.
Our company frequently contect with the import and export.
So I organize foreign langue training for some of our staff in order to improve the foreign language.
on 5th of each month.
We are getting ready for Spring Festival.
My mother is cleaning the house and putting things away.
Currently , government agencies in some big cities have been studying the possibility of putting a pollution tax on private cars , Which has sparked heated discussion.
, In other words , this phenomenon has aroused the public's attention .
As to this policy , there are two voices : some people state that it is necessary and crucial for the government to control the number of private cars and reduce the pollution in the city , But others think otherwise .
To begin with , With the development of society and improvement of people's life standard , more and more people afford to buy their private cars .
Undoubtedly , people gain convenience from it , But there is one thing we should bear in mind that this phenomenon has inevitably worsened the state of air pollution and even result in bad quality air , acid rain , and even global warming.
So it's time for the government to apply this policy to practice to control the behaviour and private car owners should pay for the harm they do to the environment .
In addition , with this measure , government will hopefully limit the number of private cars .
All in all , the pollution tax will be important and crucial in the long run .
Nowadays the TV talent show has been presented in many TV station and have attracted many young people.
And many young people gives up their study to these show, for the sake of becoming famous.
The social phenomenon reflect the vanity of most people.
It also reflect that people are anxious to achieve quick success and get instant benefits.
It is not good for young people to attend the talent show, because it can make them think that attending the PK shows is a shortcut to the success, so they may look down the way of achieving success by hard work.
Tesla is very creative.
In America, Tesla can compare to any other inventor in history or popular culture.
The alternator, radio communications, radar, vacuum tubes, TV what he invented are closely related to our life.
Radio Engineering, Fluid engineering, geophysical, Vacuum technology, Cryogenic engineering, Mechanical and electrical engineering.
Tesla have 700 patents in all countries, including unapproved and approved patents.
Tesla's most valuable achievement is the discovery of the rotating field theory .
He invented the poly-phase order AC power transmission and AC induction motor.
His most famous invention is Tesla coil which can get a million volts of high frequency voltage.
It is convenient for our life.
Although his finding violated Edison's DC theory at that time, he still insisted on his own theory.
Additionally, Teals is the originator of wireless remote control and he was the first person who described the principle of radar.
I like to listening music too.
Why we like listen to the music so much.
When I listening to the music, I feel as if I'm going into another colorful world while listen the music .
So I think listen to the music can make we feel relaxing.
It's good for our healthy.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman who has paid a false 100-yuan.
In fact, if we are honest to others, they will be honest to us in return.
In turn, they will lie to us.
Also, if you are dishonest, it is impossible for you to gain other people's trust.
Nobody will want to be friend or do business with you.
On the other hand, people will trust you and think highly of you.
If you are honest, people will be willing to get alone with you and they will show more respect to you.
As the popular saying goes, The early bird catches the worm.
English book has influenced me most, because I learned many English words and English grammars from it.
And I can sing English songs through learning English.
I like singing very much.
So, I am very thankful to have this opportunity to learn English.
After learning English, I knew different culture about different countries, that is a wonderful thing to know about cultures about different countries.
I am very happy to learn English, because I like communicating with people from different countries, learning English help me to understand others better, and I can talk to foreigners.
After graduating, I just want to continue learning English.
As an old Chinese saying goes All alone in the foreign land, I'm twice as homesick on this day .
Lixia is my friend.
Last year, she went to London with her family.
They went there by plane.
In London, the weather was wet.
It was terrible.
They visited many museums, then they had something special food.
But they think the food tested really bad.
This year.
Lixia went to Beijing.
She took the train to go there with her friends.
The weather in Beijing it was very cold.
She went to Great Wall, Gugong, Tian'anmen Square.
And many old places.
They tasted the Chinese food, such as Beijing duck, Bintanghulu.
She said the food was delicious.
Because we are both post-90s generations.
For myself, having a bigger wedding, represents that my husband likes me very much.
I enjoy this kind of feeling.
Besides, the bigger wedding makes me proud.
i'm zhang peng.
it's months since we met each other.
i can't help missing you.
firstly, the spring festival is a chinese tradition, which is full of love , pleasurea.
Finally, there are a large number of different matters happened around our body.
People realized that the shortage of water resources are some serious problems.
The shortage of water resources has become a global one of the focus issues.
From the minor side, the shortage of water resources in the area will give local people bring a lot of inconvenience.
From the major side, water is the source of life, in our daily we can't live without water.
Nowadays, there are many causes the reason of water resources shortage.
Firstly, the rapid growth of population has become one of the main reasons for the shortage of water resources.
Remember The mind- can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
Parents role models.
Parents are children's first teachers, is an example to children imitate the first.
 Parents, there is a purpose for education pr activation of parents and children education.
 parents for children to create a sound environment for healthy growth and study knowledge.
Here said the environment includes the physical environment and psychological environment.
Can satisfy the child to learn the necessary material conditions of life and suitable place, can be said to be a good physical environment.
Think of my word written in a very neat, and then saw someone else's words and intensely envious of, then I decided to buy several of the copybook back exercises After a few months of hard training, I was finally able to write a beautiful hand-word .
The miracle is to make a friend who will stand by you when millions are against you.
I can imagine how many difficultsies and obstacles you've conquered.
You've been very patient with me.
You charge nothing from me and give me everything you can afford.
. your hands hold me firmly and leads me forward.
I'm glad to hear from you.
I can live independently and I have a good knowledge of English so that I can show the primary students the best way to learn English.
For another thing, credit cards can effectively help them to pay the fee by transferring accounts among different area .
Rich or poor, young or old, we do need attachment.
When she saw her, she came to greet her mom happily.
Although the girl is too young to understand the pressure, it shows a daughter's love and caring.
Life is fragile, unstable and unpredictable.
But love can present happiness to us which is a candle lighting in the dark.
As if someone are feeling down or lonely, there is nothing better than to hug them and smile.
Edison is a well-known inventor.
He is an American.
He mainly invented electric light, telegram, film camera .
Edison's educational level is very low, he only go to primary school for important reason was that Edison is very creative.
Invent shows that the thing is not existence at first but find shows that the thing is existence at first.
Edison created many things that was not existence at first.
He created those things and he created their function, their shape and their big or small.
But it is not enough if we are only creative .
We also need to work hard.
Edison said, Geninus is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Accordingly, a genus is often merely a talented person who has done all of his or her homework.
Edison is creative also show in the part he invented the electric light, when he invented it, he could'nt find a good material to made it.
He tried almost one thausand six hundred materials, but none of them were suitable.
I knew you want to came China to teach english.
Now, the Qianjin middle school require a teacher to teach english.
Then, you need to teach one session for english.
You should teach 2 class the spoken english and teach 10 class for a week.
You is responsible for the english that the outside of class activity for every week.
You can receive 4000 yuan for every month .
Nowadays, one of the universal issues that draw growing concern is whether it is wise of people to save money.
As we know, most of the students are careful with their money.
There are many advantages of being careful with money.
However some people think that all this may not make us smart consumers.
First, saving money can make us to be a thrifty person.
It is a traditional practice to save money in our society.
On the other hand, the money which you saved can be used to travelling, eating or do something meaningful.
Such like help the orphans, beggars and poor people.
When you want to buy something that you like it very much.
You can try to save money over a period of time.
Finally, when you get it by your efforts.
Secondly, it becomes harder to earn money than before.
Our money comes from our parents.
Parents work so hard to earn money every day.
