J-29 has been shipped S.
Pearl and transport S.
Life abounds in changes, heartache, disappointment, good time and unfavorable time, but remember to look forward and know what's going on in your life in future.
We have many things to do in college.
One thing is to prepare for the future.
One is interpersonal relationships.
If you want to find ideal working in the future that you are interested in and handle easily, you must have a good interpersonal relationships.
Whatever you will be at work on, you must be in society.
The other is working ability.
Company's aim is to make money and benefits contact with ability.
In the end I hope that I can make myself more independent to face the study and life and study how to carry the responsibility at the end of the term.
Information.
Communication.
Online friends.
According to this, the rate we got useful information most depends on our friends in some ways.
Second, we can speak put freely to them.
It is normal in real life that we complain about something or somebody but for some reason we couldn't speak out.
Third, when we become friends, we can visiting our online friends.
There is a website calle Couchsurfer which is based on the friendship between online friends.
In high shool we are forced to study due to our teachers and parents, who require us to study hard and not allow us to play computer games or watch TV.
In college, we are free to do what we like.
The study is a voluntary job.
We must develop a habbit of self-study.
Moreover, in college we have more chances to acquire knowledge.
Taking part in varied activities is of vital important for all of us.
In college school we should pay more attention on learn by oneself.
The teacher is only a guide, who can not teach everything .
Secondly, Churchill uses a plenty of parallel structure, for instance, we shall fight him by land, we shall fight him by sea, we shall fight him in the air-.
Any men or state who marches with Hitler is our foe.
Because they think that everybody all has their rights, and death penalty is an inhumane act .
Although the modern social law already get rapid progress , but all kinds of new crime continue emerge in endlessly , some to human society cause serious damage .
Many people may consider that death penalty is a violent and brutal act, and it is against human moral principles and does little good for the country .
But death penalty should not be abolished in my minds , because death penalty can reduce crime, creating a harmonious environment .
Beside , the idea that a murder must pay with his life has been deeply rooted and firmly planted in the minds of Chinese , it is nature's law and earth's way .
So if our country abolishes the death penalty , most people will not agree .
Finally , I think that death penalty should not be abolished in china .
Because in china , there is a saying that : an eye for an eye .
The last, we usually make some useful activities.
How lively and attractive our community is.
Opinions are divided.
Some students become strongly against canceling listening exam, because as one out of four basic language skills, listening couldn't be ignored.
Besides, listening is one of the most important ways to gather information.
However, the others think it necessary to do so.
In addition, there is a big difference of English teacher as well as the equipment between city and countryside.
I love my school.
Famous people always be stared by common people.
And their activities are always reported by medias.
Some teenagers always only look at famous people who are honest.
But they didn't see that famous people shoulder more responsibilities.
So my idea is that there is not a really easy job for people.
Albert Einstein once said, one should never impose one's views on a problem; one should rather study it , and in time a solution will reveal itself.
Yes, I agree with what he said.
We should learn how to analyze a problem , how to sharpen our analytical skills and how to solve the problem quickly.
The author suggest us that not to focus too strongly on any aspect of the problem, we should learn to think generally about it.
As the old saying goes, there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
We should think of the problem in a variety of aspects.
Only sharpen our analytical skills can we become a creative thinker quickly and strongly.
Everyone can join in the teaching.
The last but not least, in my opinion, active study maybe for us more useful, everybody can declare oneself opinion, in this way I believe more and more students will join in and will boost efficiency in studying.
There have many kinds of love in our world.
For example, family love, friendship, romantic love and so on.
I think I am a happiness girl, because I have a very warm family and many good friends.
They are important person for me in my life.
When I was grouping up, my parents played very important roles.
When I was young, just a little girl, my parants protected me and tought me many things.
I am a outgoing girl, so, I have many good friends, included new friends and old friends.
I have been acquainted with my old friends many years.
We always meet when I was on leave.
But it is true, the teacher is a human in cognitive first enlightenment.
I would like to check details with you for the event next week.
I have booked a deluxe single for two nights and take care of everything as possible as you can.
Finally, a participant will be late in the event because of his illness.
Fortunately, I met Dahui who looks like a sun in my life that giving me warm and bring my shine.
As we can see from the chart, in general, the unemployment rate in 2011 is decreasing progressively with the academic diplomas.
On the contrary, the higher education you receive, the more you can earn.
The average unemployment rate is only 7.6%, but people who receive education less than a high school diploma are less likely to be hired.
As a consequence, there is no denying that high education can lead to a brightened future.
That 'No pains, no gains' is the best answer of this situation.
We can do nothing to change it but study hard.
Pushing ourselves to be the best is an impossible standard.
But we can push ourselves, every day, to be better than the day before, namely, we choose our own way, including our education.
This class let me learn a lot of things.
The childhood is just like an interesting book, which records hundreds of fun.
Although our childhood is being far away from us with the lapse of time, many fascinating or stupid things are still in the deepest of our memory.
I was six years old then, always being praised for quietness and obedience.
One day, at the end of class, Mrs Li required to bring 100 yuan to school next morning.
After having supper, I told my mum the requirement of Mrs.
Li.
Then, mum took out a piece of paper money, and said to me gently  In case you would lose money, mummy give you one piece of paper money which values 100 yuan.
The next morning, we were told Mrs Li couldn't come to school because of illness, and we had to hand in the money next time when she came.
The school was over early that day, I hung about in the street.
  It's suit to you  , the salesgirl said to me when I was staring at a hair clip.
Finally, I bought the hair clip with the money mum had given me.
My heart beat strongly  I have to talk lie to my mum, she must believe in me, because I haven't lie to her before, Then I hidden my new hairpin into the pocket and put the ninty-six yuan into my bag where my mum had put it yesterday.
  I tired to resist the intense.
  Ah, there is just left ninty-six yuan, it's impossible, mum.
  I murmured innocently.
  No  .
  I forgive you, and you mustn't lie to me next time.
I cannot help laughing everytime when I think of this stupid lie.
more and more students don't pay attention to the spilling.
First: english have abundant words, someone have many means.
Stundant can't remember all meaning.
It's too much words that we need study.
students spond much time on remember meaning of words.
In my view , for study english , not only we can speak but also can spill.
At the begining of our trip, we felt alone and worried, but fortunately we met lots of warm-harted Chinese people.
Now we enjoyed ourselves here.
We study and communicate with each other, we take part in physical activities as well.
We wereinvited to visit to visit different places of famous in Beijing.
I was so lucky that we watched Peking Opera and tasted traditional food.
What is more, the local people also invited me to celebrate the Spring Festival which is supposed to be the most important festival in China.
In addition, I ate dumplings.
I really enjoy this kind of food and I really enjoy the life here.
A new survey carried out by BeiJing Information Company find out that there are nearly a third students in our country who do not think saving money is a good habit.
Above all, saving money can shape you into a frugal person.
When you develop the habit of saving money, you are likely to bear it in mind that you should spend less.
You will not buy unnecessary luxury.
In this way will you become economical.
None is omnipotent , None can ensure you of security and health when we sail through the unpredictable waters of our future life.
You can form no conjecture of your future life.
However, saving money instead of spending tomorrow's money can relieve yourself when we encounter difficulties.
Thirdly, money that are saved can be used to give our parents to show our reverence and filial piety.
They will be delight to see that even though the money is only a little.
Finally, you can save money can donate it to the Hope Project or other charitable organization.
Then our country will be more prosperous with your help.
Saving money can be beneficial both to ourselves and others.
I feel greatly honored to deliver a brief speech.
According to my analysis, there are two main factors.
One is the family surrounding and the other could be the mind of comparing with others.
Of course mot.
Never can we be so selfish.
Never can we compare the higher in such an aspect.
I'm afraid the clock is against.
It's fortunate to come across sucn an attentive audience.
When I was a child, I dreamt of going into a university.
However, when the dream come true, I find that the campus isn't as wonderful as what I thought.
The most terrible problem is that I become addicted in computer games.
In the past, we were forced to study all day.
We took no spare time to play computer games.
Beacuse of the traditional education system, we formed the inert.
So when I came into the campus, a different study mode, I lost myself.
I don't know how to apply my spare time.
I have no interest in studying after-class.
So I am addicted in the Internet , the virtual life.
I wasted so much time on the internet.
I feel so embarrassed about this, so I need to find a solution to solve this problem.
I pay more attention to study and participate in the community.
My English is the worst in my class.
I was determined to spend more time than others to learn English.
After continuous efforts, my English was greatly improved.
I was selected by the teacher as the representative of the English Division.
They think that read the book should have importance for us Because it have some helpin our life.
But many people think we should read a lot of books.
In my opinion, i think reading selectively or extensively has their advantages.
I think reading selective can heip us do angthing better, it can make us have aim.
Reading extensively can rich our extracurricular knowledge.
They are both have use in our life.
There is no denying that intake expansion in universities benefits a lot, some schools focus on recruiting more new students to collect more money instead of developing their skills and improving their quality.
For this reason, we must look for some solutions to deal with these problems.
Nowadays, more and more animals are sent to zoos.
About 40 percent people think the animals should be kept in zoos.
There are two reasons about it.
First, people can see many kinds of animals.
The others think it's wrong to keep the animals in zoos.
First, most of the animals enjoy living in the nature.
In my opinion, people should keep the endangered animals in zoos to protect them.
However, more animals should live in the nature.
We should protect the animals because they are the human's friends.
When we see an animal which was hurt, we should help it and take it to the veterinarians'.
As a freshman in the university, I'm curious about all things here.
At the same time, for me, a quite different and challenging life will start.
But I'm a little afraid and confused.
Compared with senior high school, the life in university is like a new friend who will accompany me for 4 years.
Now here I am.
The past has past.
The future is filled with something unknown.
Though it will take me some time to suit new life, though there will be something crule waiting for me.
I ought to take advantage of the coming opportunities.
I am writing to inform that there will be a foreign language Training organized in the company.
With the development of society, the situation of job hoppers is more and more common.
Some people tend to stick to their positions all the time.
Such people love their work and turn out to be specialists in their field and they are usually high achievers.
If their work-environment change or their company-well-being is not well.
The Traffic problem and vocation are terrible, and salary is a factor which affects job satisfaction.
What's worse, they are unappreciated or ignored in company.
They don't get along well with their bosses and workmates.
They are work under pressure.
In my opinion, It's high time that we should take steps to handle the situation.
We should find ways to become more visible and ask for new challenges or training to help develop our skill and try to limit interactions with them as much as possible.
Nowdays, many young people use out their income in every one month.
They are called the moonlight clan.
They always have no spare money to due to some emergencies.
Somes think it is a popular consuming concepts.
They almost prefer to enjoy themselves rather than work hard to save some money.
They could say we are working just for consuming.
No consumption, no live.
On the other hand, many have the opposite opinions.
They work hard for plenty of reasons, and they save money to develop for a further steep.
From my eye, I can not admire the moonlight clan.
I come from a poor family, so I value money, especially which comes from my favour and perspiration.
Lifestyle, as a manner of living that reflects the person's values and attitudes, is very important for people's development, and has a great affect on people's health.
A good lifestyle can lead a person to the way to success.
On the contrary, fail.
The body is the capital of revolution.
Wealth cann't pay for health.
Having a good body is necessary to have a good lifestyle.
I think doing exercise is necessary.
Also you should have a balanced diet.
Neither eating too much or going hungry.
Vegetables should always appear in your dishes.
In one word, body is ourselves.
We should cherish them.
We have already been university students over one month .
In the high school, we learned knowledge in the classroom and we just read the textbook .
We seldom read other books because of lacking time .
But now everything is different .
In my opinion , university students should read some books which have profound meaning .
For example , I have read a novel , The Ordinary World, which was written by Lu Yao who is a famous Chinese writer .
I love it because it gave me some inspiration that we should do our best to overcome the difficulties that we confront in our life .
It also told me that we should believe in ourselves and develop our potential .
The ability to do something over and over again in a short time may imply its easiness , but many examples have witnessed the opposite result due to the will shortage.
If you make up your mind to do something , no matter how difficult it might be , never give up .
As we known, Edison insisted on experiment in order to invent the light bulb.
In a word , in our daily lives, we shoud take courage to face the difficulties and failures and never give up.
As the saying going Reading thousands of books is equal to walking thousands of miles.
It's broadening ours horizon, motivate ours potential.
Book is important for us.
And our present Mao of course is a good example, who changes his future through education.
Last eventhough pratice is so important for us, maybe some people say Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
But most important thing is we should take a motive attitude to read plenty of books can we take part more practice.
Mr. Darcy, a nobleman from the upper class in England, he looks down every person from the lower-classes.
By the way, there are lots of conflicts between them, but at last, Darcy and Elizabeth, the two different person they are fall love.
if we can face ourselves and go through to get what we want like Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy.
First, someone thinks the reason is Civil have stable work and well treated, and they are attracted.
The second, someone thinks the reason is policy drive this phenomenon.
As far as I'm concerned , as students , provided that we don't study hard , we won't to become students who are useful to government at least .
As the saying goes where there is a will, where is a way.
In order to in crease student's knowledge about the traditional culture of Guangzhou, our schooi helda  Guangzhou Culture Festval  last satarday.
The Cantonese Opera Competition, people felt is important.
And something student join in the Cantonese.
The Picture Show.
They can show the Guangzhou change.
The Food Show, the food is every dristrsy.
I am an ordinary man, who is 1.80meters tall.
With kind appearance and good manners, you will feel that I am very amiable and noble if you meet me.
I am helpful.
I am always helping strangers, which makes me gain good honors in our school.
Whenever somebody needs aids, I will give her hands as much as I can.
One day I went back home to see my mother form my school.
In the way , I found a boy lost.
I am also stubborn and like to get into a blind alley.
There is a simple subject, I cannot understand, I cannot let their.
So I sleep late.
If reading is a good way to enrich our knowledge and broaden our horizens, practice weighs more than it.
thus I hold an active attitude on practising.
Only by practise, can we find how beautiful the world is.
When it comes to the advantages that practice can bring , above all, it's the bridge which can strike a balance between entertainment and study.
What 's more , there's no doubt that practice can improve our sense of social responsibility.
In addition, it's apparent that students can learn more meaningful knowledge that books can't cover .
In my opinion, the more practice you do , the more progress you will make.
In all , I'm firmly believe that practice is the empress of science.
With the improvement of society , the technology advanced faster and faster .
The number of population is larger , children are the future flowers of the nation.
The parents require to children more and more, so parents send their kids to various art classes , let them learn some private strong suit .
Some people think the phenomenon is benefical to children .
First , with the improvement of the standers of living , people's quality also need improve , learning knowledge included arts is for good to improving our quality.
S econd, they can learn some art skills that enchance more chance for their life .
For one thing , the fast pace modern life do bring us great pressure , sending kids to art classes build up of pressure not only parents but also children .
Every corn has two sides.
As far as I am concerned, parents should ask for children's idea .
The drill is aimed at helping us learn how to handling emergency situation amd it also helps us practice the skill we have learned.
But there still exist problems in the evacuation drill.
We don't take it seriously enough.
In order to avoid those happening again, please take in the suggestion.
First, we should keep clam and quiet during the drill and always obey teachers' orders.
Riding a bike to school is better than driving to school.
This is because traffic is so heavy, and it's slower when there is traffic.
Another reason is that riding a bicycle do not have to park the car .
Car is bigger than a bicycle .
A third reason is that riding a bicycle can reduce pollution than diving .
As a resident in the world , we have a duty to protect our environment for our later generations .
A final reason is that riding a bike is healthier .
I feel delighted to get your email, knowing you are so interested in my travel .
There are a various of activities , including swimming , tasting the delicious seafood on the beach in the morning, looking at the attractive scenery of sea, taking the photos and so on in the afternoon.
This festival become in China.
Befor, people took the old man to go to mountain.
then a doubie-ninth cakes for old man.
All pick it up to eat.
Now, we change some new way on The Double Ninth Festival.
We often go to the zoo with the pld man.
And we can go to nursing home.
The Double Ninth Festival is a important Day.
It means our chinese culture.
We learned english many years, our ways are different.
My favorite way of learning is interesting, in the school play, playing in the middle.
To prepare lessons before class, listen carefully in class, a good habit of review after class.
The girl has slim figure and medium height.
That shows her good shapes.
The curved eyebrows and the big eyes which on her round face , and the ponytail that flying in back of her head , just express her happiness and relaxation.
The fashionable bag is created for female .
It is mainly red and black, which makes it more gorgeous.
The bag that is made of leather , has a red handle and a black background with deep red dot.
The white stripe help to avoid being humdrum.
style.
As we know, nowadays, more and more people rely on passing examination to get a job in The government.
We both know that work in a government department could be more comfortable than the other jobs, and be as a civil service can enjoy a good salary and perfect social security.
So that although the civil service exam is difficult and competitive, there are Tens of thousands of people Sign up for the exam every year.
But the disadvantages of the exam also important to us.
For example, the civil service exam could be divided into two parts: the talked test and the written test .
In addition, the examinee in the examination process tend to produce bigger psychological pressure, which makes the influenced their normal levels.
The written test's propositional content Aspects that involved are narrower, the lower level of choice and the scoring criteria is not uniform, the initiative is larger, susceptible to interference and influence of various kinds of external factors.
We should concentrate more on our major studying rather than spending too much time on the exam.
Nowadays, almost all the schools in China only pay attention to how to make students study better and get higher grades instead of to make them behave better in every aspect.
As far as I am concerned, Chinese education which is called exam-oriented education is awful.
The schools in China should teach students to develope thier characters and abilities in every aspect but not only in studying.
China is called the State of Ceremonies in every age.
It means Chinese attach importance to behave politely.
So, character education is also important.
The schools in China are supposed to teach students how to behave politely.
For example, to respect and obey their parents is important.
That is why China is called the State of Ceremonies.
And then, to be an honest man is also necessary.
Both are good characters.
If so, the students must have both good grades and good quality.
  the problem was confused by many citizens.
So, we should help the strangers if we saw it.
Because everyone is not independent in the world.
We should need a warm heart to help everyone .
Especially, If you want someone to help you, you must help others first .
However, some others stand on a different ground.
They consider that helping others can sometimes put us to trouble.
Even if the human eye has 576000000 pixels, but cannot read the heart.
In order to avoid involving in unnecessary trouble when helping others, it would be better for us to choose a reasonable way.
In short, In my opinion, helping others is our traditional virtue.
With the development of the intent.more and more problems are brought to our attention .one of them is online rumors.
From the picture above, we can find that using the internet irrelevant caused online rumors.
There are some reasons for online rumors harmful.
First , afalse report, once released, will remain so in its circulation.
Second, many people care about Social public opinion, but few of the have the ability which tell the facts and false apart.
Pepole always Ignore the obverse side of things and Enlarge the opposite of things.
Measures must be taken.
As far as I'm concerned, the government should make a law to reduce the source of online rumors.
Hello, Mike.
My name is L.
China have lose of festival sach as Spring Festival, May Day, Childrens'Day.
many many festival.
In Spring Fastival we can have a big dinner , speak happy Spring Festival  , my family give me lose of money and we are very very happy.
I don't know American fastival.
When we go out , we would see many people playing with pets.
Releasing stresses in life and work is the second reason.
Raising pets can make people feel relaxed.
The third reason is to pass the time.
Olds.
In my opinion, pets raising is good.
It is good for people's life.
During the holiday, I always walk the dog.
The work is very hard, because the dog is very big ang it also run very fast.
At first, I run with it.
But later, I found it very foolish.
Then I try to let it stop, but it did not obey.
It wanted me to make it free, but we are in the street now , so I can not give it the freedom.
Later we arrived at a park.
I found a piece of the lawn, then I loosen the rope, it ran very very happily and excited.
I played with it and finaly, we both felt very tired.
It is very unforgettable.
With the improvement on our living standards, As a consequence, we become lazier.
Outlaws of the Marsh are the name of the four classical literature, one of the author is Ming Shi Naian novelist.
Flesh and blood, such as the Song Jiang, Lin, Li Kui and so on.
Until now, I am still their outcome sigh.
However, a good job is based on a comprehensive experience, need to training for us constantly.
What also counts much to this matter is having more and more teens to working up to now, and the most important for one is the finance crisis has not recoveried since 2008, it effects to the development of economy and society.
Education pays are detailed evidence of private and public benefits of higher education .
Do you know how many sorts of the death penalty.
Do you really know understand meaning of it and its role has played in our modern society.
The death penalty is just a step back.
Nowadays, people in mounting numbers are concerned about the issue of create a conservation-oriented campus .
It is no difficult job for us to come up with some possible factors that underlie the above complicated phenomenon .
for one thing, It is benefit that for our life and aspect .
It can help we develop a good habit .
For another , It is important that to our campus , compus enviorments is related to us .
considering the current issue , we should call for some immediate actions imposed by the universities.
In other words , As a college student, we should also be aware that any prompt solution is of benefit to all .
Zhejiang Sunshine Cashmere Co.
E-Mail: hr@Sunshine.
Hi, LiHua.
The first day is theory, in Beijing Saturday morning, mainly to learn the principles of knowledge about dragon boat, Attended by 10 people.
The next day is the sixth day practical lesson, the teacher will lead you to dragon boat racing, exercise your willpower and stamina.
I attended training camp is designed to exercise my strength and willpower, there is growth in my experience.
They don't consider discussion a way to waste time.
An English speech will be held in our college.
The contest contains the speech of fee style and proposition speech.
It is mainly to judge player's speaking.
So you are one of the best choices to be a judge.
Our college is willing to invite you to be a judge for this contest.
It is time for March 28th at three o'clock.
She takes care of me everyday.
While I am 8 years old, she brings me to school and takes care of me while I graduate from senior.
I've been with my mother to stay together .
I Love my mom.
I think my mother is a kind and gentle woman.
She is very easy to get along with.
She is not only good to me, also good to others.
When my classmates come to my house, she is very enthusiastic .
She entertains them with fruit and drinks.
My classmates said your mom is kind.
What is more, she is also a teacher for me.
When I am in a bad mood, she will chat with me for makeing me forget my trouble.
Also she brings me go shoping .
She is really a good mom for me, also a goodfriend.
She always dose her best to meet my needs.
With the development of tourism, more and more questions appeared among people.
On the one hand.
The development of tourism can promote the development of their local economy, the local people can earn money from visitors.
Therefore, they have enough money to develop the economy.
But on the other hand.
The cultural relics were destroyed by the huge number of visitors.
While we are traveling around that places, we can find that the rubbish is thrown everywhere and many names are painted on the wall.
Now, we are facing the difficulty of both developing tourism and protecting these cultural relics.
Therefore, some policies were made by our government to punish these people who destroy the cultural relics.
Although 3D printing is an innovative invention for human, it is too dangerous to use.
  I can't stand the pressure and competition.
Nowadays, the training classes have grown everywhere around us.
The training centers make every effort to attract students' attention, as well as parents'.
Some of people think it unnecessary to have school lessons trained out of the class, but others don't think so.
In fact, more than eighty percent of parents agree with the whole thing.
On the one hand, a training center which is really helpful can provide us with more chances for practicing.
The teachers there can give us something useful which is not mentioned on the text book.
On the other hand, if the training center only aims at making money and make too many people in one class, then, there is no need for you to attend it.
It's just a waste of time.
In a word, the training classes are only necessary when they really offer help.
Most people have sisters, however, not all people can get along well with their sisters.
I always dream to have a perfect sister.
She needn't be very tall, slim or beautiful.
I want to control my emotion when I'm angry, but in most times, I failed.
So I want my sister can understand me, and share happiness and sadness with me.
When I'm in difficulty, she'd better give me a lot of support.
If we live together, we should take care of each other.
In addition, we'll have pretty interesting things to do.
We can make many delicious food in our kitchen.
After supper, we wash dished together.
What's more, we should have common hobbies, like watching TV, listening to music, going shopping, travelling, reading.
She'd better be well-educated, because I'd like to talk what I have been learning in school with her.
There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
Some students like lectures teaching because they can study in calm.
But others don't think so.
There are some ideas for it.
Firstly, different students are different interested in teaching.
Secondly, some students want to study quietly.
But in my opinion, different teaching fit different students.
Let's students choose what they want to class is right and freedom.
College school should give students this chance to choose their class what they want.
I am the school newspapers agent for English.
One of the part of your works are you must find the article that fit students from the newspapers and internet.
If you want to join ours, you must meet our demand.
First of all, you must offer to service students likely and happily if you have enough times.
I'm reading an English novel recently.
But I find it's difficult to continue after I've read severe pages because there're too many new words I can't understand.
At morden days, with the progress of the economy and the prosperity of the society, more and more people pay more attention to quanlity of their lives.
For the phenomenon, different people have different opinions, the people who insist that the golden week vacation should not be terminated, the reason why they think it is that the golden week vacation can make people relax and have more time to do things which they want to do.
In the opinion of mine, every coin has two sides.
To start with, the vacatiion are used to remerbering some special festival.
Besides, when the golden week vacation coming we can have sufficient time to do meaningful things and go wherever we want.
Chinese Spring Festival celebrating the end of winter and the warmth of spring.
In recent years, it has become a trendency that tourists visit famous campus, making university campus a new popular choice for travelling.
Some vote for it for the fact that university campus always can come with breathtaking scenery or some buildings that contain special meanings, leading to the fact that you'll lose yourselves and enjoy academic atmosphere.
In my point of view, university campus can be open to tourists with a limitation.
Visiting famous campus provide people with a completely different feeling from others.
In addition, children can be encouraged by the inspiring atmosphere.
The students of our school had a discussion about if the listening test in the National Matriculation English Test should be abandoned.
The students who hold an idea of keeping the listening test think that listening is important.
Listening is one of the four skills of language, so it cannot be ignored.
However, other students are in favour of canceling the listening test.
They find it unfair to have different quality of listening indifferent places.
It's obivious that English teachers and language equipments are different between cities and countries.
With the development of our society economy, our environment is becoming more and more terrible.
I think that if we intend to solve it we must find the causes.
The co2 soar is always considered the main reason.
Many industrial factories use fossil fuelto product.
As a result, co2 becomes more and more in the air and even makes up about 70% of the greenhouse gases.
Global warming will cause the sea level to rise and it will bring many natural disasters as well, such as flood, droughts and hurricane.
You can just imagine that terrifying scene.
First, I think reducing the use of fossil fuel is the most effective way.
Second, we should better create clean energy so that we can use clean energy instead of fossil fuel.
In this way, I think co2 can reduce rapidly.
Third, we should planted more trees to keep the air clean ang lan-scape design for enviroment mental purpose as well.
What is more, I think there is still a long way to go before we can see a beautiful environment again.
So we all should do it from our own and stick out.
Let us work together to protect our environment.
The problem with chinese food safety is worrying in recent years.
And some peoples because not clean food lost life.
Look back before the case, some of dense local food safety problems more harmful.
For example schools.
so, Food safety to the society and people life can bring bad effects.
To the food safety problem, we must more alert.
Don't eat not to clean food, Not covet petty gain.
If have a problem of food to the relevant departments to immediately reaction.
Museums are an indispensable part of a city.
Actually, they work as an album rather than just a storeroom for old stories because they facilitate people in remembering the past .
Currently, there is a growing tendency for many museums to open to the public for free .
However, free admission to museums inevitably brings about a set of problems at the same time .
On one hand, the safety of the historical relics will be in danger for everyone including the bad people who have an ulterior motive can come and be close to them .
choice different electives for themselves.
Because a lot of students are not in the same major.
In my case, I choiced the electives which I am interested.
In my opinion, Many electives can increase my knowledge, let us learn more.
Beside I can learn many different things.
With the development of the Internet, online shopping is become more popular in our daily life.
More and more people are becoming fond of this approachs because it is very convenient for us.
For instance, they needn't to go shopping in shops which are far from their home.
On the contrary, they can finish all the things only use their fingers, which can also avoid the sun and rain at the same time.
But as every coin has two sides, nobody can say that online shopping is more perfect.
So does Online shopping.
On one hand, it approves us cheap things, on the other hand, most of the cheap things have a poor quality.
What's worse, same of the pictures and descriptions which provided by the online shops are not credible.
In one word, consumers should pay more attention whether the online shop is reliable.
We must make sure every trade we made is safe and useful, and avoid the possible troubles.
CCIT full name is Changchun Institure of Technology .
In present , the, school has loch east campus and Huxi campus two campus.
The school establish in the 1953s.
The school is attached to the people of Jilin province goverment.
the school is powerful teachers strength and good teaching environment.
The school consists of three schools merged.
The school motto  understand quality to far away, just do it  The college has a very library .
From my perspective, If you do above, you will own your accounts privately.
Hello, my name is L. The students born in the 90s have different tink , different behaver , and different value.
although , 90s have to face more question about school test and work .
although people think we are pay attention to self , contempt cooperation the lack of persecerance , easy to get discouraged, bilnd pursuit of fame.
but we strengths dare to challenge.
In the book, Helen Keller according to her Unusual life, expressed her hope get a bright world.
At the same time, Helen Keller described her was how to overcome the sick, how to through the dark times and how to made progress in the end.
although she as a disable, she lost the light and sounds, the dark occupied her whole life, but she always with the enthusiasm to face the social, she use of her faculties and sense let me learned that how important the correct attitude .
After reading this book I know , as a normal person, Cherishing the time and pay attention to our family , friend and sounding thing , rather than not being grateful for what we have until we lost it, of not being conscious of health until we are ill.
in our life , we should be full of appreciate every day.
we should try our best to make the fullest use our blessed faculties, we must know that not only the deaf appreciate the hearing , not only the blind realize the manifold blessings the lie in sight, we also care the social.
Nowadays the cellphone has deeply rooted in person's daily life, but the question is whether they are all good for you.
It may have bad influence on us.
For one thing, not only can they harm your eyes, making you be short in sight, but also scientists have proved that they can also affect your brain as well.
It takes up most of our effective working times, attention and mind to fix on such a small screen.
As there is too much information which can be easily reached through the cellphone, our attention and curiosity are inextricably drawn to it.
People's burden in his heart, in order to live and bear the heavy pressure .
Out of work cause unhealthy effects on the mentality.
in this way can we keep the psychological health and balance .
Thank you very much for your letter and the in-closed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
In recently years, internet play an importent roal in our daily life.
We use internet everyday.
Internet is a good tool for us to learn more about the wourld.
We can read books, listen to music, see movies chat with friends and so on.
Today, we all says that one wourld, one dream.
It's Internet that make the wourld become a big home.
Besides, internet also help us save a lot of time.
Internet also bring us so many problem.
We spend a lot of time on the computers, it's bad for our eyes.
Nearsightedness has become a mark for morden.
Internet is a tool for people.
We can't become the slaves for it .
We must make full of use the two- edged sword of the internet.
The story tell about the soldier Louis Silvie Zamperini.
The first descendent of Italy, Califonia.
He was verdure when he was little.
Then he take part in school sport team.
Then The Wlard War second began, Louis Silvie did the bomb thrower and in once rescue mission.
Him and his partner float in the sea, 47days.
How strong he is!
Louis Silvle's brove and strong moved me.47 days, what an amazing number, but they defeat.
The part I most interesting and like is he catch a bird and eat it.
No longer they spit it out because it's too evil.
I was laught when i see this.
If you can take it, you can make it.
I always remember this.
Reading is one of the most ordinary things in our life.
As far as some people are concerned that it is extremely essential to read selectively.
As far as they see, there are so many books and it is difficult and impossible for us to read all books in that we have no much time in this busy world.
In addition, there are lots of bad books which have bad effects on our mind and heart.
However, every thing has two sides.
There are plenty of people who are for reading extensively.
In their eyes, although there are lots of bad books , if we insist reading more books which are good for the development of us, we can get so much knowledge to let us be more knowledgeable.
Nevertheless reading extensively means making full use of limited time to read more good books rather than reading all books .
In my opinion, we should read extensively.
In Franklin's essay The Handsome and Deformed Leg, there is one sentence---  There are two sorts of people in the world, who with equal degrees of health and wealth, and the other comforts of life, become, the one happy, and the other miserable.
The development of tourism can promote local economic growth.
The majority of Chinese tourist city is located in the economic developed area.
The arrival of the tourists could strengthen communication.
But with the increase of the tourists, the cultural relics gets more and more serious damage.
And some people's uncivilized behavior brings bad influence to the tourist areas.
As we all know China has a very rich tourism resource.
We can limit the number of visitors.
Furthermore, we can publicize the protection of cultural relics.
In fact, cultural relics resources is the tourism resource.
We should not damage the cultural relics to develop tourismge.
I am L, monitor of Class One Grade Eleven.
As for you are arriving in China, I have something to tell you which may help you having a good time.
To fight against Tianjin's cold weather, you should prepare some thick trousers.
In Tianjin, you can enjoy all kinds of delicious food, so you wouldn't worry about what to eat.
As an exchange student, you will have class with all students in our class.
As far as we are a friendly family, I think you can fit in us in no time.
We sincerely expect we can play basketball although so that we can become good friends and have fun.
What's more, we look forward to listen to you making a lecture about America.
The growing trade deficits and job losses, the job losses across the U.
Above in all, the author considered the NAFTA and the WTO had hurt U.
Parrots can live for up to 50 years.
It's easy for us to keep a parrot.
Besides, parrots are really clever that they can speak as well as child.
Parrots can sing well.
As the development of the times, it is no strangers to play games through the Internet.
Particularly, the university students are addicted to it.
Some people consider that the students won't study carefully when they play games.
Playing games only can delay their learning.
The parents and schools are really worried about it.
They may think that learning specialized knowledge is the most important than anything.
Morever, the computer games is a virtual world which seem of no avail.
But others think that playing games can make lots of friends who have no secrets.
The student perhaps have some pressures but have no one to talk to.
What's more, it is also a mean to save money.
If we are free, we may go shopping.
As far as I'm concerned, a way of entertainment as computer games are, we still need control the time of playing reasonable.
what we know is almost senen_twe percent of the people through the TV access to information , only twelve percent of people through the newspaper understand world affairs.
In my opinion , the newspaper is a more desirable some of inpormation.
Firstly.news reports more depth than TV news.
Making people more than understand the surface of the event.
Secendly.
Reading the newspaper is not limited by time .making people there is a deeper understanding .
, Third.
That means lovers vow to stick together in live and death.
In some students'views, we should get online frequently.
In their opinion, the Internet makes it possible for us to access new knowledge.
Via the Internet, we can not only make progress in study but also broden our minds.
Nowadays, it is important to keep in touch with the changeable world.
And the Internet offers us a perfect chance.
But some students disagree.
They think that we are not supposed to surf the Internet.
It is well-known that with the technology developing, it does harm to us.
The Internet is just a simple example.
It is the reason to why more and more people wear glasses.
What's more, getting crazy about chatting online and playing also gets in the way of studying.
In my point of view, it is good to surf the Internet frequently.
But we should make sure that we are under-control.
The team spirit is the embodiment of individuals in team.
The core of team spirit is the unity.
Everyone's life is not independent.
Only in this way can we make the progress every day.
In our class I join a group of my classmates to study English.
At first, I'm not confident.
Later on, at the encouragement of my classmates, I try to make myself understand.
So I increase my English oral communicative ability.
We should learn to cooperate with each other on the team.
So first you should have an aim.
In order to come true it, you should do the best you can.
Second, you never give up whatever has happened.
You should believe you and your team.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
Nowadays, many school requires students to evaluate their teachers.
Maybe, they want to give some advice to teachers by this way , and improve teachers' ability in their job.
In some people's eyes, this is a good method to encourage teachers, but there are still many people thinks encourage teachers in this way is not so good.
Every teacher have their own ways to educate their students, they have a system, and this system is faced with the most students of one class.
In anther word, most students can adjust this way.
But every class have one kind of students who can not accept the way their teacher treat them to.
In my view, students evaluate teachers is meaningful and necessary.
It is democratic.
The last but not the least , I will also have a detail descriping of the great wall and let him konw more about the county that has a fifty handred years history.
Those days, the weather becomes more and more cold.
The air is gray and some times it is rains.
So, people have to wear heavy coats and many people don't want to go outside.
They can't stand of the cold weather.
But, in my opinion, winter is a beautiful season.
In winder, we can see snow falling in the air, and it looks very beautiful.
When winter coming, we also can make many games.
All in all, I love winter.
Nowadays, with the quality of life becoming better and better, computer are almost equiped by every college students.
Every university provide network for students, they hope that it can help students learn well.
However, many students just play computer games.
They usually stay up in night to play games, which make them in low spirit on next day class.
So, the school should control and limit the time of network.
The teachers can strengthen the control and manage.
Everyone have dream, but not everyone can come true it.
My name is X.
I come from Y.
In my spare time, I like reading books, listening to music and running.
Of course, I love riding my bike on the weekend.
I hope that I can improve my spoken English through the college study, which I can communicate with foreign people easily.
Besides, I hope I can improve my hearing, reading and writing skills.
My dream is that I can travel all over the place of China one day.
Recently, blog becomes more and more popular.
Firstly, it can apply to anyone.
People can establish their own style of blogs to show themselves freely.
And many people can watch others' work in which they are interested.
Secondly, they can meet with varieties of people through blog.
And they can contact through it, even become good friends.
In addition, it is openly to people anywhere and about any topics.
However, coins always have two aspects.
Although it offers many convenience in many ways, it arises some problems.
That is, its excessive freedom causes many spread vulgar contents and leads to business problems.
I'm Zhang peng.
Spring Festival do means a lot in Chinese people's heart.
It is the most important time of the year.
People buy couplet and firecracker before Spring Festival comes.
We decorate our home with couplet and paper-cut.
During Spring Festival's eve, adults make lots of delicious food that regularly we don't eat.
Kids play firecracker outside, firework is so beautiful.
At midnight, the whole family stay together eating the rich meal and welcome the New Year's coming.
Changsha Topglory Chemical CO, .
So let's analyse the benefit and the shortcoming of attending a college in a foreign country .
Second living outside can enhance our eyesight , let us know more people and make friend with then.
I found a phenomenon that if there is a new and very expensive product turn up, like iPhone6, many students will follow the trend of buying.
And even the family environment of students in general.
It's so lrrational.
I am also completely disgusted with this phenomenon.
We should know it's hard to make money for parents.
As a son or daughter, we should share the pressure with them.
As a student, we should be thrift, we should carry forward the traditional virtues of the Chinese nation.
Maybe the product of famous brands are in a good quality, But do not represent the general brand products of poor quality.
We often fall into the comparisons of the bad habits.
Thinking of your parents, thinking of their hard.
Nowadays it is necessary for us to take in knowledge well.
However, it is also essential for us to have good quality.
So not only should we improve our learning ability, but also we are able to attach important to our quality.
In this way, we can treat ourselves in a right way.
If we find our own shortcomings, we should correct them in time.
On the contrary, we should also give full play to our own advantages.
Besides, we can have a sense of loving our country and make contributions to society.
What's more, if we have good quality, we will have strong minds and make our dream come true.
There are so many significant influence for us to have good virtue.
So everyone has something you need.
We should learn from each other and develop our quality.
If there is a possibility that I can visit a European country, I will choose Switzerland.
It has a population of about 7.5 million, covering an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.
It has a capital city called Berne.
The country which are next to the Switzerland are Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
The views of Switzerland are beautiful and amazing.
The country is also famous for its local business.
