I exist in this world, not because a good job, a good salary, but because i can think, i can look for my dream, i can do things that i want to do.
The happiest people is who know himself.
I am not saying job and salary are not important, it is just productions of our dream.
Whatever you do, just be your dream, just be happy.
I think the most important factor to be successful is that you must have your own thought.
Equally crucial, all these things are under general background of the market economy and hence we should implement everything under the economy system.
Hi, John.
I will tell you something about Chinese Soring Festival.
To Chinese, the Spring Festival is the most important of the traditional Chinese holidays.
The festival traditionally begins on the first day of the first month in the Chinese calendar and ends on the 15th.
Chinese New Year's Eve is known as chu xi.
Within Chinese, regional customs and traditions concerning the celebration of the Chinese new year very widely.
People will pour out their money to buy presents, decoration, matercial, food and clothing.
During the Spring Festival, people use red lantern and Spring Festival couplets decorate a house , put on all kinds of coloured clothes, often visit friends and relatives or together eat dumplings, fish, meat and other delicious food.
The children are looking forward to receiving red envelope money, and together they play each other the fireworks, with happy.
away from home even sell the children's organ.
But have enough time, which is not belong to him.
The principle must be clear.
The victims could be people or objects .
No crime would be ignored .
In a conclusion , we should prove someone innocent or not clearly .
Self-confidence, frankly speaking, has been viewed as an essential and indispensable component for individuals and groups to stand in society.
  There is no doubt that one without self-confidence cannot get along well with others.
Above all, tell yourself that I can do it myself frequently, which contributes to you enhancing your confidence.
Secondly, challenge yourself continually and do what you are afraid of before, which could promote your courage.
In fact, lack of self-assertion might attribute to fear of failures and worrying about losing face.
From my view, there is no need for us to be concerned about it.
Believe it or not, everyone begins with green hands and no one never lose face in his whole life.
Take it easy, failures and face-losing mean nothing in our profound and colorful lives.
By contract, if you make every possible effort to challenge it positively and actively, you might find out reasons and solutions.
Last but not least, to be a free and easy person.
There is no absolutely perfect person in the real world.
Thus, do not put too much stresses yourself, which results in sresss-related illnesses eventually.
It is manifest that only when you become positive and optimistic can you cope with troubles effectively.
As long as you are alive, you ought to be equipped with confidence by whatever way you can imagine.
The charts were too larger to spread on the delicate tea table, Dick saw the problem.
Once More to the Lake is one of the most enduring essay of E. B .
--remembered how the bedroom smelled of the lumber it was made of and of the wet woods whose scent entered through the screen.
I began to sustain the illusion that he was I, and therefore, by simple transposition, that I was my father.
Then the kettle drum, then the snare, then the bass drum and cymbals, then cracking light against the dark, and the gods grinning and licking their chops in hills.
The author uses the simple words to create a grand spectacle .
Our school was established in 2010, so the facilities is not perfect.
On the one hand, the quality of the food is bad.
For instance, sometimes the rice is hard and the food is too salty.
On the other hand, the price is too high.
Two vegetarian dishes need more than 5 yuan.
I wish canteen service could be improved.
They can keep down the price and improve the quality of the food.
My name is L.
I am good in English and graduated from Q University.
I have a good command of English, especially in reading and writing.
I am also skilled in all commonly-used software in office.
I am hardworking, outgoing and self-effacing.
I will get along well with everybody.
What is more.
I look forward to your reply at you earliest convenience.
Taday, a growing number of children in china are staying at home, not because they are giving up education but because their parents think they will actually receive a better education at home .
It has become a common part of people's life.
What impress us most is that people's opinions vary on homeschooling.
The reasons China's current education mode puts heavy study pressure on students and many of them suffer from depression and even commit suicide.
That is more that maintaining that students need interaction with classmates, so that they can fit into society.
As to me , homeschooling is advisable as long as the family can afford it .
On the one hand, as people's personalities differ, so education should be diversified.
Working moms, those with a baby child, always face big challenges.
The benefits for working moms who have baby children are obvious.
In the first place, they can get more money to support their children.
It is known to us that today raising a child costs plenty of money.
So the working moms' income can help their children receive better education.
Also, finding a job when the baby is young can help moms get more experience.
On the other hand, there are some disadvantages for working moms.
For example, when the babies are young, they need their moms' love and care, but working moms cannot take care of them every moment when the babies need.
So the relationship between moms and babies may not be so good.
Yesterday, I saw a film name UNBROKEN in the class with my classmate.
This film is very encouragement.
It just like a teacher, to teach me how to strong herat, more powerful and how to survive in extreme environments.
This film was talked about a soldier call Louie in World War Ⅱ.
When he perform a tasks.
The plane was break down into the sea.
Only 3 people alive.
They drifing at sea few days.
The lifeboat had one chocolate and a bottle of the fresh water.
With the development of science and technology, e-books are becoming more and more popular.
E-books have a lot of advantages.
First of all, it is easy to find what people want to read just by typing the title without going to the library.
Secondly, some e-books are free of charge and can be read without spending money.
By this way, a growing number of people can acquire knowledge and meet their need to study and work, which can perform people's behavior .
And it is very essential to develop a harmonious country.
What's more, paper books are made by wooden.
And these actions do harm to our environment, even the terrible environment has a bad effect on people's health.
E-books do have disadvantages.
For example, they hurt people's eyes if people read too long.
If things go on like this, their eyesight becomes more and more poor.
What'more, reading e-books needs people to have a computer and it must get access to the Internet.
Possessing these devices have to spend a lot of money and these can add to the financial burden of some families.
What makes matters worse, people can't make notes on pages if they want to write their ideas and thoughts.
As far as I'm concerned, history makes everything.
In the ancient times, people used bamboo books and now people use paper books.
Maybe in the future, people will never have paper books and they have to be associated with e-books.
As is known to all that there are more and more advanced ways for us to communicate with others.
I like blog writing.
For I think blog is very funny and convenient.
For example, if you are a shy girl, you do not dare to make a speech in public, but here, you can express your thoughts heartily.
Next, blog writing offered me more opportunities to approach famous stars, for many stars also use blog to communicate with their fans.
Finally, I agree with that blog just like a newspaper.
But to our disappointed, there are some problems about blog writing.
AS far as I am concerned, I claim to write blog is very convenient.
Nevertheless everything has two sides.
  Knowledge is power.
It was also the time, such as the magic bank.
Lu said: Time, like a sponge in the water, as long as you are willing to squeeze the total, is still there.
  Chi-round who, although difficult will be easy; the line than those who, although much will attain.
s, American quality guru Deming management repeatedly to Panasonic, Sony, Honda and other companies to give lectures, he taught the most simple method - increased by 1% per day.
Dear Mr.
I'm monitor of Students' Union, Li Hua.
In order to getting close to nature and taking exercise, we make a decision to orginise students to take part in an outdoor activity.
At the school gate will we get together at 7:30.
Actually our activity is from 8am to 11am.
Guang Ming Farm which is 2 kilometres away from our school is where we hold our activities.
Whether going there by bus or on foot is up to students.
In my view, it must be a full morning.
Planting vegetables as well as watering flowers is a part of our activities.
Please write to me to inform me whether you are coming or not on Sunday.
I had a long holiday for National Day .
I enjoyed myself.
Secondly I went for a trip with my parents, we went to many places of interest in Beijing.
we took many photoes.
I also see many foreigh who are very friendly.
I spoke to them, but I find it's hard to understand me for them.
that time I really realized we need learn english well to help us communicate with others.
After that, My sister held a party and invited some of her best friends to welcome and visit me, Iwas very happy that night .
After the end of the holiday, I still miss the fun of life, hope to the future life colorful, .
As for the warm memories, we would like to hold them longer usually and remind them of frequently.
Nowadays, Our country's air pollution become more and more serious.
Particularly, in some economy develop very quickly city.
Such as Beijing .
Guangzhou.
This measure is very useful.
Firstly.
to a certain extent , it can solve the air pollution.
It can reduce the automobie exhaust .
As far as I am concern , limiting the use of private cars is a good method.
It not only solve the environment problem, but also it promote the bus development.
On summer holiday my parents took me to Beijing .
We stayed at Huabei Hotel .
On the first day , we went to the Great wall is very long and oal .
Each brick is big and heavy .
lolts of people from different countries like climbing the Great wall .
It has a very long history .
I bought alot of souvenirs of the palaces these are.
I visited the palace museum and felt excited .
Nowadays, all of People of China are worried about Food safety problem.
Many booth at roadside use illegal cooking oil, Their food is carcinogenic, shortly, market appear tainted milk.
Their milk utilizes a lot of chemical additives like Melamine.
It will contaminate many people when they were lovely baby.
In order to ensure Human health, I think the government should set up trade barriers for food and People don't buy anything from the booth at roadside.
Hello , everyone .
What's more , college life means freedom and enjoyment .
Everything was strange in my eyes: different location, different atmosphere, different people, different habits, which seemed to turn my life uneasy.
On the other side , I didn't worry about consequence of examination any more and there were endless activities on their arrivals to wait for my participation .
Freedom really exist .
You know, I don't mean to disappoint you .
Behind my description , you can learn the first challenge you 'll meet is the adaptation .
Faced with this problem , we need to be properly confident .
Senior brothers and sisters are willing to give you a hand .
They are good listeners and also advisor , never put the resources aside .
Together with someome , you can rise or fall as one family , as one team.
As is known, it's not accepted by the wise person .
I always spend my free time in some interesting ways.
I've got a hobby that always makes me feel happy.
I'm fond of drawing picture.
I draw about the view of my city that I see outside the win dow.
sometime I go out to a village to get some good ideas of drawing.
Beside, I also hang out wiht some friends when I'm free.
I always have a good time and the time flies away when you enjoy it.
People face a lot of failure in their lives and it is a terrible thing to us.
We often consider that if we can do it successfully or not.
Especially, the closer we get to success, the fear we will worry about.
As the saying goes  Failure is the mother of success  .
We can learn the lesson from it.
People who toward positive attitude may think that failure is good opportunity for them to change their situation which would make them lose their hope, confidence and even ruin their future.
Most people suggest that heroes refer to persons who did a great success or died for the country, but Roman Rolland didn't agree it.
She concerned that a hero can not be told by his or her physique and pay more attention to his or her spirit and character.
Roman Rolland suffered from tolerating of miserable life.
Her life was arduous, which was full of poverty, botheration, loneliness and travail.
comfort each other.
It was necessary that someone consecrated great intelligent to people who were poor and subjected to disease, gave them consolation and inspire as well.
On the contrary, some people hold a negative attitude towards failure.
These people are given in when they are forced by poverty, pressure, failure and even made a little mistakes.
For instance, if you work in a company, you could not finish your assignment on time.
Nevertheless, I still don't believe that failure is a bad thing.
Success will be gained of failures so long as we need to how to learn the lesson from our failures.
Switzerland, situated in Central Europe, covers an area of forty-one thousands square kilometers.
It has a population of 7.5 million.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland and Geneva is the famous city of the world.
It was called  The garden of the world  because of its fascinating scenery.
It is a popular starting point for many excursions.
And you will have pressure in you live and may want to give up your life.
With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers, shopping online has become a commonplace in our life.
They just only need to click the mouses can sove everything.
Next in important is cheap and fast.
So people can save a lot of time and energy.
Firstly, we can't be sure of the goods 'quality.
Secondly, when we buy clothes, we can't try them on personally.
Generally speaking, I think that advantages of online shopping are much more than its disadvantages.
The most important is that we shouldn't be greedy.
to say it is a wise choice.
It has been a long time since I left home.
In China, I studied with my Chinese friends and we always communicated with each other.
We also took part in some sports activities together and we knew a lot about each other.
In order to know more about Chinese culture, I visited some places of interest in Beijing which were really beautiful.
I also watched Peking Opera which was really good.
The traditional food in Beijing is very delicious and I like eating it very much.
By doing these, I know more about Chinese history.
During the Spring Festival, I celebrated the Chinese traditional festival in my friend's home and we ate the Chinese traditional food, dumplings.
I love the live I had here and I enjoyed myself.
We also can accept to give you firm offers of C.
There are two opinion between them.
Some of them think getting online can help them to get information and you can broaden your horizon.
Sometimes, chatting with your friends is a good choice.
But some people don't agree with them.
their views as follows: Firstly, it is bad for our eyes.
Then, most of poor self-control children are addicted to chatting and playing games.
What's more, it wastes our time and energy.
In my opinion, we should think it in two ways.
In a word, we should learn how to get online.
I think we should give him a remedy to have a long contract with him.
I am glad to have the honor to welcome you, representing the whole class.
As winter is approaching, the weather here becomes colder.
So it's necessary to bring adequate warm clothes.
Our class are composed of 42 adorable students, and soon you will be the 43rd.
The harmonious environment will be easy to fit in for you.
Except for an exchange student, you come as a friend.
In your life, you may experience many things, but just one thing you will never forget.
In my first year of college, I found a part-time job.
Everyday after class, I would go to the shop to help them sell drinks for two hours.
At first, it was not easy for me since I had never done some extra jobs and had no experience.
I had not sold a thing all week.
Worse more, I started to complain about it and wanted to give it up.
What I thought was that I could not do it well, and it was difficult to accomplish.
When I talked about it to the manger, he said: one month later, you will think about it, and he also told me some experience.
The next week, I tried to do what he had told me, gradually, there were some customers buying my drinks, day by day, it became so easy for me to do the job.
I stopped complaining but started enjoying it.
Lucklily, the customers were not so picky as before.
No pains, no gains.
Whatever you do, you should not give it up, just take it as a beautiful thing in your life.
No experience, no growth.
Maybe it seems unfinished, but if you put your heart into it, you can do it well.
It is reported recently that two students who faked their ethnic identity to get bonus points in the college entrance exam has been punished.
People's views about this phenomenon vary form one to another.
Some people take it for granted since many people do so while some other people oppose.
To begin with, the integrity is the basic principle for harmonious society.
In today's society, integrity has been increasingly ignored by some dishonest people.
So I think stressing the awareness of integrity in an urgent action.
What's more, integrity is the key to get a long-term friendship.
Everyone is eager to have a sincere friend and nobody likes dishonesty.
People who are honest can always gain other's respect and friendship.
Without integrity, we can't do anything.
Moreover, the integrity is also one of our traditional virtues.
As the old chinese saying, man cannot live without integrity.
To be honest means that we should treat people heart and soul.
All in all, integrity is to our life what blood is to our body.
Integrity wins trust, respect and honor.
So it is desirable that the government should take some immediate measures to punish the dishonest people.
Every one want to be triumphant, but only a few of them can make a great prosperity.
Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
When I was a middle school student, my study was so terrible that nobody intended to make friends with me.
I was excessively lazy about the study.
Since then I got rid of the bad habit and learning more conscientious.
From then on I was always wrapped in books, neglecting sleep and meals.
Under the circumstances, I cannot learning unduly much.
There's no doubt that, everyone has a dream, no matter it's small or big or even it's hard to be come true.
  Without dreams, your life may just like sailing without a campus.
However, the fact is that many people will be defeated by the reality.
As between the idea and reality, between the act and the motion, fall the shadow.
Owing to this, many people having a dream always choose to accept the reality instead of insisting on their dream.
From my perspective, what we should do the best is to try to narrow the gap between them.
First , we should never give up our dreams, because the process of struggling for our dream is so meaningful to our life.
Furthermore, we need dreams, for they can give us a direction to find our way to success.
Just take Shelly, the British poet, for an example.
He insisted on struggling for his dream and strongly criticize the dark side of the reality and express his thoughts by writing some poems.
The student who face the problem of a checkout assistant is the one who I want to talk with.
I also think that woman is rude, but that's not the reason for you to take the money away.
This ten-pound note belongs to the supermarket.
In my opinion, if you are not pleased with the checkout assistant, you can find the manager first.
Then give the money to him.
And tell him your thoughts.
Only get the things right to you.
Mr.
Forty per cent of students thought that we should keep them in zoos.
In their opinion, animals which were kept in zoos not only could be taken good care of but also could be visited by visitors.
But the others sixty per cent of students had different thoughts.
They thought that it's cruel of us to do so becauseanimal preferred to live in the wild rather than living in the zoos, although they would have shorter lives.
I thinkwe should keep them in zoos, and it's neccessary forus to protect them , for example, reporting any hurting of endangered animals is helpful.
In our life, we must have many experiences that is unforgettable.
As for me, I also had the experience.
In my memory, the clear thing is the first day I went to a new school with my father, he was busy clearing my dormitory and making the bed.
I chould have thought I was brave enough, but I was worry.
when my father disappered at the gate of my dormitory, I was cried silently.
I chatted with my mother about my school life at night and my mother told me a thing that made me change my mind about my father.
She said that after my father went home, he also cried when they were eating food.
I thought my father was worried about whether I was hungry.
I could have thought father's love is deep and silent, so it does.
Now I feel the love clearly, He likes a mountain to me, children also likes a crystal for parents.
I love my father as he loves me, he is my hero, Thanks for the love he gives me.
English as a lingua franca is used by many states in all the would.
Under the globalization, every college students should learn English well.
First of all, to master a large number of words is the key to improve my English well.
If I want to learn English well, I need recite words.
So I plan to recite words every morning.
Of course recite words are not enough, I think I also need to recite the grammar and phrases.
Practice makes perfect.
It is true in anything, so I plan to do a lot of English exercises.
Sometimes I think learning English is boring.
So I plan to learn English from English songs.
On the one hand, listening to music can make me feel relaxed.
On the other hand, listening to English song can help me to learn English.
In the same way, I will watch some English movies.
I think in this way my spoken English will better and better.
I also plan to find a friend who can speak English well.
I want to make some dialogues with him.
I think it is necessary for me to learn English.
Of course if I can find a foreign friend, whose English is his mother tongue will be better.
We can help each other.
I can teach him Chinese.
I will insist to learn English and I will make myself really love English.
My namd is Huang Yuqiao.
My favorites subject is Chinese.
I think Chinese very much.
And my English is not very good.
I will do better.
I like listen to music, i like read comics and novels.
My hobby is painting and singing.
I want to become a painter .
I was wording hard for it.
I want to make friends with some friendly and helpful people.
I think play with them have fun.
I think I will work hard in high school.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen .
Take my classes for instances, I decide to pay more attention to my specialized course such as mechanics of materials.
I'm now having the most important exam in my life.
I can say nothing but thank to you both on this special occasion because words are failed when I think of the love you have shown on me.
During the essential year, I spare every effort on study.
So I get on well with the exam which I used to expected.
After the exam, I will intend to do homework which I was seldom to do to help you.
I would like to help cleaning first.
What's more, it is cooking that I want to learn best.
Dear parents, everything is going on well.
There has appeared a boon of television PK shows these years.
But others disagree with.
Even if some people who are lazy use the ready-made work.
So it only can make the strong people stronger, make the inferior people less inferior.
It good for us at this point.
There are only one earth, so we must love her.
Everyday people throw away a lot of rubbishes into the sea and late.
There are many factories in our city, and there are lots of car.
We burn things to make energy.
And we cut done many trees, the forests are fewer and fewer.
There is only one earth, so we should stop doing the things to pollute her.
The first one, we can't catch lots of fish from the sea, and we can't cut done a lot of trees.
But we can plant trees.
The second, we can go out by bike or on foot.
The third, we must take carefully to the water then we can't waste it.
Fristly, learning English is our study duty.
Finally.
Furthermore, once the credit problem produces, they will have a shadow in the whole financial industry .
What's more , there are many temptation wait for us when we are striving for success in our way that is to tough dream .
Dear little brothers and sisters, when you first stepped into our university, you must be excited about the new life and your bright future.
Therefore, I have some suggestion for your study.
Initially, you must be clear of what you are going to learn.
Secondly, the way of learning is also of great importance.
In general, college study requires a sense of self-principle and self-control.
Last but not least, to work out why you still have to study is quite significant.
As a college student who is not mature and intellectual enough, you have to learn more to enrich yourself, broaden your horizon, promote your spiritual level and put your dreams into reality.
Either have their own dignity, and peace of mind to spend money .
Listening plays an important role in our English study life.
Or say, listening is the most important thing when we learn English.
It must be that you can not do anything.
Just like deaf.
It's so terrible.
You can not answer questions.
You can not talk to others.
All bacause of your poor listening ability.
Now, there is an another question.
First of all, doing listening exercises.
This is the simplest and most effective way to improve listening ability.
Second, you can listen English music and watch English movies.
Learning in a relax environment can be more effective.
If you can hold on to the last.
Emily is a member of a family in the antebellum Southern aristocracy; after the Civil War, the family has fallen on hard times.
When Emily is about thirty years old, her father goes away but she don't accept it.
After she understanding her father's death, she becomes friendly and then she meets up with her lover, Homer Barron.
Although Emily is full of bright hope for marring him, Homer never thinks about marry with someone.
In end, she eventually murders Homer and dies as recluse.
Finally, her neighbors find that Emily has died for long time in her house.
Totally speaking, Tess's death is due to her family backgrounds.
The combination of Tess's family background.
I still remember my English teacher Ms.
She is the best thacher who I have seen .
My best friend in the middle school is Mengyu Zhang .
PLSD to be advised that the cargo under Sales Confirmation NO J-29 has been shipped , transport in HONGKONG by ship of May flower  .
This appoitment deal by CFR.
Alas, actually you were far beyond my wildest dreams and I had no idea about how to bridge that gulf between you and me, so I just wait, wait, wait.
I have a friend, his name is Bob.
Today is the birthday of his 13 years old.
His favourite colour is green.
His favorite sport is playing basketball.
He went to play basketball after school every day.
He likes the spring.
Nowadays, in our campus, we can see the phenomenon many students waste a large quantity of energy, water and other things.
It's crucial to create a conservation-oriented campus.
Firstly, the society is a conservation-oriented society so we should save more resources as possible as we can.
Secondly, the resources in our earth are becoming more ang more lacking of, we ought to leave some of them for our later generations.
As far as I'm concerned, we students ought to do something from ourselves.
When we leave our classroom remember to turn off the lights and don't forget to turn off the tap after we use water.
Besides, we'd better avoid using some disposable articles.
In a taxi to school, I found no money with me .
Doubtful , I tried again, coat, pants .
  just a little itchy.
Normal, I have been driving for 20years --.
Giving no chance to reply, you began to tell your story.
Based on the factors referred above, I think a correct attitude is that whether to choose one or not depends on the ability to him rather than the sexism .
This summer vacation doesn't like usuai, I didn't go to the beach or other places.
Dancing was tired especially sweating in summer.
It's very uncomfortable.
But I enjoyed it.
I was so happy that I got great progress.
Different people have different ways of learning.
On the one hand.
According to reports this learning method can further understand of text meaning.
I'm more easily understand the teacher's meaning and Mmake me in class has a high efficiency filter so as to achieve better results.
On the other hand Reading requires a lot of time and effort.
This may let us haven't enough time to play.
In conclusion.
The correct learning methods are intensely essential to people.
Nowadays, English writing becomes more and more important as one of the English skills.
Firstly, English writing is a very efficient approach to communication.
Communication at work occupy a vital initiative, no communication, no result.
Secondly, it's one of the basic skills for an internationalized talent.
Thirdly, it's a means of self-marketing in today's fierce competion.
Nowadays, getting a satisfied job becomes harder.
The Spring Festival is approaching.
During the Spring Festival, I can relax myself by various activities, such as reading and playing games.
The most exciting time is that when my family watch TV together.
We watch CHUN WAN every year.
Although many people think it is boring, I also like it, because it is a symbol of the Spring Festival.
This is my Spring Festival.
In order to get over all these sympathies , I would love to share some methods with those students.
First things first, make a suitable plan before the exam is of great importance.
Besides, try to balance study and rest as usual, stay up too late does harm to our health.
What more, taking a warm bath and drinking hot milk before go to bed, it can give you a sweet dream.
Recently, it has been growing up to public focus whether Postponing retirement age is possible, although now men retire at 60.
Firstly, from a firm's perspective, it needs to get new blood, cultivate core talents to keep thriving.
Secondly, from the social perspective, the high-level employees retiring at the age of 55 may reduce unemployment, helping for the social stability.
The employment and the promotion have been two plights for the new generation.
The unemployment rate is the barometer of social stability.
The retirement of the elder implies the promotion of the younger, while some young employees promoting signifies the opportunities for the unemployed.
Finally, retiring earlier is also benefit for these high level employees, who maintain a long status of spending little time on their families and doing what they like, except work.
So I think the Internet is a good and bad things, can use, but can't completely depend on.
From the picture, we can know a phenomenon, the number of college students taking part-time jobs is more and more from 1990s.
Teachers need to do it to teach their students.
are reading.
Because that can make you brain exciting.
But don't reading too much.
Because you need to relax.
But if you feel like doing it.
You can do if more.
Because it can make you happy.
You should try your best to read.
But don't do it only.
You can also write something and listen to the tape at the same time.
Environmental pollution is one of my most concerned about social issues.
I think person waste serious now.
Environmental pollution in many aspects.
Environmental protection is our most important task at present.
In order to reduce the pollution to the environmental, I think country should publish some policies.
Reduce the number of large ractory.
Less private cars and by bus or bike.
Finally, I believe in our common efforts of environment will become better and better.
Because of company has won a large export order, so i will organize foreign language training for some.6 person should attend it.
There are Zhangxue, Liuying, Shangyuemei, Yangyuan, Zhangchuli and Sunnan.
First, one kid only is very in common in most families.
Sometimes they may thank others for little things, but take their parent's love for granted.
Second, when they grow up and go to colleges, they may have many things to do for themselves.
So they have little time to say thanks for their parents.
On the other hand, even if they realized that they owe their parents a lot.
They still don't know how to express their gratitude to their parents.
First, parents shouldn't indulgence their kids.
At the same time, parents could create the opportunities of saying thanks to them for their kids.
Second, I advise that colleges should set some lessons to let they realize how hard their parents done for them.
And they need to express their gratitude to their parents.
last, as college students, should take a part-time job.
It can let they learn a lot.
In the recent years, the tourism has become more and more popular .more and more people enjoy spending time in travelling .
Because travelling nowadays is more and more cheaper.
Moreover.
Learn about the world.
Thus.
In order to attract tourist, a lot of stores .
With the increasing of the tourist .
Some of them does not know how to preserve the environment .
The more tourist .
the more car.
However, its advantage is always overweighed to the disadvantage .
For the first of all , the number of visitor in one area should be limited properly .
Third, it is important to deal with the rubbish properly in cities.
I want to learn English for different reasons.
First, I must learn to speak English to adjust to the changes that the world is becoming smaller and smaller.
In addition, the subject of the school requires us to study English.
Last but not least, English is a common language in the world.
My favorite person is the mother.
First, she gave me life, I came into this world.
From childhood, she taught me to Know - and how based on social.
She is very warm to others.
Therefore, Her popularity is particularly good, the people around all admire her, so she has always been my role model.
My mother is very good on my grandparents, I made a good example.
So every time to go home I will chat late into the night.
Each house guests, and she taught me how polite.
Although she is only an ordinary kindergarten teacher, but in the ordinary post, he made ​​extraordinary achievements.
There is a old saying, you are precious treasure when you have a mother.
She gives me a chance to see this wonderful world.
She brings me up carefully.
She teaches me a lot about how to deal with others and remain good relationship with them.
Without mother I do not know what I will be like.
Without mother my life would be in mass.
From mother I learnt a lot.
Her diligence tought me that if I wanted something I shoud get it by my own hands.
Firstly, I should be more diligent.
We all know the old saying that: Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
No one was born to be successful, what behinds the glory of success are always the perspiration and tears that person hasa devoted.
For me, I was always afraid of piles of works and appears to be lazy.
I can find a lot of excuses for my sloth.
Secondly, I should be brave.
What I mean here is to overcome the timid and weak-willed nature.
Life is always full of misery, no on can really make clear of what's going in the future.
I'm young and energetic, I have the chance to experience failure and grow up.
Thirdly, I should be modest.
I'm a kind of person who enjoy the life we have now and feel satisfied of what I've already have.
But teh fact is that there are many people who are more talent than you, what I can do is learning from everybody.
Even though someone may not as excellent as you are, they must have some personalities that we don't have.
My first day in Senior High school is wonderful.
My first memory of school is the buildings.
The shape of buildings looks like the letter E  .
My first teacher is a conscientious woman called Ms Liu.
Then she let us introduce ourselves to each other in the first lesson.
It's my favourite activity when I was in first grade, because I can know about others easily and quickly.
My first best friend is Li Yishu.
She is enthusiastic and extroverted.
This is my first day at my new school.
I maked many friends.
I'm interested in sales staff.
I'm seventeen years old and i'm still at school now.
So i can only work on the weekends.
I don't have the experience in this job.
But i believe i will do my best to do this job.
I have lots of advantages to do this job.
First of all, My mother is a businesswoman in clothes, and i learn a lot of things from her.
Second, i'm very outgoing , and i think i'm so easy to make friends with a stranger quickly.
I look forward to getting this job cause i need the money to afford my study.
Tourism contributes to the increasing of the service industries, it also transforming the transportation, and encouraging the culture and the sport improves to a high level.
As the increasing of the tourist, tourism gives rise to a number of problems.
Therefore, we should balance the advancing and back.
There are sides of oppions about it.
Some students who are in faror of using phone can get a mass of information by surfing the internet.
However, others think that it is bad for our study to use phones.
Due to play games.
From that I said above, I think it is very convenient to call our friends and family to keep our relationship.
But just a popur saying goes: every coin has two sides.
The academic dishonesty on campus increasingly become a heated topic recently.
Last but not least, This act effects your future life, work and so on.
You always call SOS when get an assignment.
What's more, we can broaden our horizon and enhance the understanding of the world.
the people and ourselves .
Make a good friefdship is also important to you .
I suggest you to join a group of active .
That's all.
if you have some questions i will do my best to answer you.
So English plays a key role in many respects, such as traveling, commercial etc.
This year is my first time that I didn't spend the Spring Festival with my family in Tianjin.
I went to Hainan to go on holiday.
After giving my grandma a call, I missed her very much.
Maybe I let out such a sharp cry, an old lady came out to see what happened.
She was my neighbour in the apartment.
She walked up to me, with pity in her face.
She touched me by the shoulder and asked what was wrong with me softly.
She seemed to understand something.
She held my hand and walked toward her room.
I got a shock: nobody was in the room, but there was a great number of dishes on the table.
She invited my father too.
She said that her husband had died since several years ago and she had to spend the Spring Festival lonely, we were lonely just right, so she invited us.
During the dinner, she raised me up all the time, served meals for me, and told me some of her interesting experiences.
Soon, I felt happy and warm instead of sadness.
In this way, we spent a nice evening.
I didn't feel sad any more.
I was so moved by her behavior.
I can't forget her smile and the experience.
This is the best Spring Festival which I have spent.
I have two elder sister.
I like to watch movies.
But interestingly , i have never go to the theater.
I also like to play badminton .
But the most different hobbies i have is that i am crazy about skating.
Because they have regularly time to relax and i think they all have ability to deal with everything.
Or i will have a cake house.
I want to make more happiness to my customer and at the same time, making sweets can make me happy.
I joined many clubs , all of them are my love.
As far as I am concerned, the goverment should undertake the responsibility to reduce the real estate price soaring sky-high and take effective measures and asign the policy to let the citizens live.
Nowadays, many people bagin to ralize the important of their health.
someone think they only consider their food to keep their health.
They eat less salt, less oil.
Another people think they only consider the execise .
They do execise every day, such as running, Yoga, training, and so on.
We eat food every day, and the food is the most important source of our bady.
we can get energy from food.
So, wheather the food is good or bad, it is ralated with our body.
Thus, many people choose the green-vegetables  or other green food to eat.
In spite of having the green food, we also should consider the execises, it is nessary for us to fo it.
It can petect ourself from disease and other serious sicks.
So we can do it every one hour a day three times a week.
So, in a word, if we want to keep our psychologically health, we should do everthing for it.
it is not simpol and easy to keep it.
We should pay a more pation and consist on doing it .
Only in this way can I improve my spoken English.
. As an old man saying goes Practice makes perfect.
Secondly, I must go to the library to study by myself when I am in my spare time.
As an old saying goes  No pains , no gains.
  .
At the same time, the lion wakes up too.
the thought that  I must catch up the antelopes that run the fastest, if not, I would starve  flashes his mind.
In my mind, grasp now is she most important thing.
Because we all know a saying that every journey begins with a single step.
So if you want to be something important, just do it, just now, today is top concern.
But in our life there are so many people don't like do this.
they seem like have a kind of procrastination.
They like make one thing to drag and drop in the future.
In fact, it's a wrong thought.
Today is top concern, so let's change our lazy just do it right now.
From now on, I'm sure that if we can change it, we'll go to a better life.
According to the picture, we can see that more and more food ingredients which are bad for people's health are adding to the food.
It might seem that the new members are popular to the old member.
In my opinion, the main reason is that the producers want to gain more benefit.
On one hand, they can use these ingredients to attract the attention of the people, so they can sell these food well.
Finally they can gain more benefit.
On the other hand, they can use them to lower the cost.
The other reason is that people's need is imposing.
They not only need more, but also want to taste more delicious food.
In order to protect the health of the people, everyone should do something.
As producers, they should raise their professional moral consciousness.
Pay more attention to the food safety instead of the benefit.
As the customers, we should not go for the taste of the food.
When we buy something, please read the instruction carefully.
The other way is the governments' measure.
 Nowadays, with the rapid development of modern science and technology.
Mobile phones are continually updating.
 Mobile phones have became an essential part of our modern daily life .
It has brought immense benenifits to mankind.
Take a look around and you will find examples too numerrous to list.
A good case in point is that brings convenience tp people like helping students solve the problems they are faced with.
And what's more, it is helpfui for us to look for information we need.
 However, mobile phone has also created many problems.
 Confronted with such two kinds of consequence, we must learn the proper use of mobile phone.
When talking about this chart, different people have different opinions.
Some people can accept it and think it's good for love's developing.
But others don't think so.
As far as I am concerned, students's cohabitation is not so good.
Firstly, it's a waste of parent's money, after all we have't make money by ourselves.
Secondly, it's bad for student's health, student's have not enough knowledge to cohabitation.
It is well known that the food people eat goes into the body through the mouth, gullet, stomach and intestine.
Dr.
William Beaumont found out by observing a wounded stomach that what gave rise to digestion, a process of the changes in food as it went through the digestive tract was juice.
And then Ivan P.
Pavlov, a Russian scientist found out by an experiment on a dog's stomach how the juice was created.
Now we know when food enters the mouth, a nerve impulse goes to the medulla.
This is then reflected back by the nerves to the stomach.
When the impulse reaches the stomach, the muscles contract and the cells secrete their juices, a hormone which makes the stomach's juice-secreting cells pour out more juices into the blood.
So the food is made to keep changing from big ones to small ones.
In four or five hours, it enters the intestine, which will bring out a whole new set of cells secreting in the intestine as well as in the liver and the pancreas.
There are many reasons that can contribute to SOHO lifestyle.
Frist, access to Internet enables people to do their work at home.
And people prefer working at home to going to the company.
Working at home also save time a lot.
Second, people can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.
They can control their time freely.
Third, people can have a well-balance life by taking good care of both their jobs and families.
Then, people may fall relax and less stress to make full use of their talent.
Talence is sometimes associated with mood.
I am a red star middle school senior high school students Li Hua.
I know you are still in the United States but now I have a very interesting activity that I don't know if you have the will to join us.
I am now going to take part in the dragon boat training camp.
This training camp will start and will be held in Wuhan during the summer holidays.
Believe that this activity will be very lively.
The participants of the event are some of the students who are interested in it.
want to take part in this activity because I am very interested in the Chinese traditional dragon boat and have a group of friends to play together also very fun.
This is all I want to say, I don't know if you are interested in this.
I really hope that you can join me in this activity.
Nevertheless the contemporary online had a heated discussion about legalization of marijuana should be or not .
Many people thought that marijuana is not a drug.
They claimed that marijuana is not addictive and the harm is not more than drinking alcohol.
Now many states have the legalization of marijuana.
So our country should also legalize marijuana.
In reality, marijuana is a kind of drug.
The major ingredient is hydrogen marijuana.
If marijuana was overused for a long time, there is a variety of the unfavorable influence to the body.
So even those states where marijuana was prohibited, it also remains as a drug.
According to the police and the media, drug cases' research shows that although some drugs such as marijuana are seen as a recreational drug, and have some disparities with extreme drugs such as heroin.
Furthermore, there will be more young people that get stuck in drug problem because of notions and self-control's absence.
We all have no concept.
However, at this stage, I suppose marijuana should not be legalized.
Nowadays, the problems of the food safety is ongoing concerns about.
It is the problem which we often ignore has influence on our lives and the social harmony.
We should improve the food safety awareness .
For example, try to avoid contains unduly chemical additive of objects such as junk food.
The people who i love most is my father, with him i can got so many joys, he is a people who has left a deep expression on me .
On my grade five, i was fond of playing computer games.
It means i can't go to a good high school.
Iwas regret not studying well .
During this time, my father gave me a lot of courage.
Please all classmates listen to me.
Now I tell you one thing.
The Professor White in the Beijing university will have a lecture on the importance of learning English in the school gym from 2:30 to 4:30 on Friday afternoon on February 27.
Nowadays, social network websites have rapidly increased in popularity.
Some in favour of them hold the view that they can share joy and sorrow with their friends wherever or whenever.
However, opponents argue that it is the social network websites that produce the opportunities that neighbours drop in.
As far as I am concerned, social network websites offer us a good platform to be informed of our friends and what's happening in the world.
My name is X and my English name is Eva, with the glass on my nose every.
As far as l am concerned, l am a strange girl.
For example, l like singing but no dancing .
l like seeing the sports games but no doing it.
However, l am also a shy girl.
By the way, l am as well as a pay attantion to my health girl, because l eat an apple every day.
Now I have learned your letter and completely know which you are worry about.
First, many people will meet the case like that, and almost everyone will go away.
So you are just a student.
Also you aren't so strong as them.
Then you shouldn't have a guilty conscience that makes you feel sorry about the boy.
Do not to fight with the three tough guys, that did no good.
Finally you will be injured in this case.
On the other hand, if you want to assist the boy, you should be clever that you can phone to the police or other people for help.
The death penalty has a long history, playing a vital role in punishing the criminals in the old days.
However, with the development of our society, it has become a step back .
What's worse, it is in the way of the realization of the two purposes of our penalty .
One of them is to prevent the criminals doing bad again.
The death penalty has ended their lives as well as the rights to improve themselves to serve others.
The other one is to keep other citizens from committing the same crime .
At last , the death penalty has brought lots of side effects .
The most obvious one is the big influence on their families .
Their parents feel heart-broken, seeing their children being put into the prison .
Moreover , their children suffer the lack of economic support and the discrimination of the society , which affects their education , relationships with others and even job-hunting .
Meanwhile , the death penalty has driven the criminals to be more cruel .
For them , they are destined to be killed .
Nothing can be worse .
Before being caught , they dare to do anything.
Also , it is not good for the forming of the teenagers' value system .
It tells them it is proper to kill others if you have legal reasons .
Here, we can clearly know that the death penalty is a step back of our society .
So we get peer pressure from others and we cause peer pressure to the others too.
With the growing number of our neighborhood members turned to be isolated while some of our neighborhoods used to be good friend became strange.
Careers and work do much more than communicating with others to provide oneself with what is necessary for life.
I can't deny it.
Nonetheless I think the happiness is also necessary.
As the chairman of our neighborhood community, I have many ideas to make this status quo better.
The second, our community can take some money to build some public recreation facilities.
At last, the sense of all members of our community is the most important is hope to connect with the others.
The sodium cyclamate is greeted to the melamine, the taint steamed buns and the clenbuterol's .
These additives state that people's understanding of the food's security risks is not high.
In now society, these peddlers seek excessive profits by using various means.
They even hurt people's health.
Melamine, the taint steamed buns, clenbuterol and the sodium cyclamate sodium one by one appeared.
These peddlers even add additives to baby formula.
But I think the reason that lead the food unsafely is not only the peddlers' greed.
So, in order to assure our food safety, we should improve our protective measures.
We should eat more green food.
We also need to know how to identifying safety food.
According to the graph from above.78 percent of TV viewer watch Sports.
While 54 percent of viewer watch Movies.
As we know.
It occupies the market.
We are always under the pressure because of the busy work, also.
Generally speaking.
Secondly.
Besides, people can know the culture .
Not only can they meet their aesthetic desires.
Thus.
One day, My father brought a beautiful dog.
I was happy.
because I very like dog.
They are very beautiful.
So I felt very happiness.
My dog, his name is jack.
And I have a friend.
he is jack, my dog .
As a student , I think , we should devote more enery to our study because we have much to learn .
So I have been prepared for it .
Second, I should follow our teachers' advice .
I must tell myself in my mind that I can make it .
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
For example, nowadays, traffic jam which caused by private cars is becoming more and more serious.
It seems that riding bike is going to be much faster than driving cars in the near future.
On the other hand, the necessity of private cars shouldnot be ignored.
As a resule of the unsound public transportation system, people still need to use private cars to ensure that they can get to their destinations in the shortest time.
So the Internet on interpersonal communication plays an important role in our daily lives.
Maybe it is convenient for us to have communication through Internet.
We can save much time .
Moreover, we can say what we want to say on it.
However , there are also many disadvantages about it .
firstly , if we always use the computer to communicate , which will do damage to our system.
I am writing to apply for a position.
And, i absolutely need the job.
In the one hand, i want to improve mysalf in practical work.
I have abundant exercises in university.
I would be pleased if you could offer me an opportunity to interview me.my phone number is 2222, my e-mail is 2222@qq.com.
with the development of economy, a lot of people have their own cars, especially in Beijing.
Facing this problem some people think that it should be control car Numbers, some people think that it should be less a month having a car.
In my opinion, Drive one day less a month car Suggestions and no long-term solution to the problem of pollution, First of all, should advocate low carbon life, let everybody have low carbon life consciousness.
Finally, should improve the productivity, much less the pollution that car.
The same as 2009 there are 1 person in R&D department and there is no one in Adminstration deparement .
In the world, lots of persons enjoy reading.
they think read can enrich themselves.
First, we can acquire more knowledge, and know some useful things.
second, reading can also improve our diathesis.
Finally, we can enrich ourselves by reading.
Reading is a kind of comprehension.
Books can tell us a reason that we wouldn't know ordinarily.
As we know, reading would change our world, change our sight, improve our skills and make it.
Books are not only knowledge of treasure, but our mentor, it can teach us how to do it.
With the science developing dramatically , we have had foreigner from Venus or even other planets.
I'm concerned about one problem most.
That's the pollution.
For instance, the river are polluted.
As a result, clean water is no longer accessible in some area, and many people are ill.
Forests are damaged on a large scale.
Many forests've been destroied, thus unique animals fade out.
To say the reason for this problem, I think it's the factories' aiming at only profit.
On the other hand, there're too many cars and people in the world.
We consume much and make much rubbish.
We must take actions now.
I suggest improve people's awareness of environmental protection first.
As for governments, they should encourage behaviors that are good for earth.
In my opinion, high school students should take part in after-school activities frequently, because it can help students fit into society better.
Students can join many kinds of clubs that they interested in.
There are many communities in the school for example, music community cartoon community and chess community.
To participate in extracurricular activities can add life experience.
And take part in after-school can relax ourselves in order to study better.
Dear Mr.
My name is X.
In response to your advertisement, I am writing to apply to be a volunteer at this international meeting.
I am an outgoing and friendly boy who like English very much.
When I was in high school, I received foreign visitors as a volunteer.
Now, I take part in Volunteer Club in our college.
I really want to be a volunteer at this international meeting.
I think I can do this job perfectly, because I can talk with foreigner in English fluently, and the most important is that I am very self-confidence, and I believe I can do well it.
I know how to make a impression.
Firstly, we should be confident.
Confidence will make you look energetic and optimistic, which also affects people you are talking to.
Even if you don't have a good appearance, you can leave others a good impression.
Apart from that, we are supposed to mind our words.
When we talk to people, especially at the first time, it is wise of us to speak politely, and when we ask some questions, we should also say it in a correct way, which can ensure that what we say don't hurt others.
Lastly, body language is important as such.
We cannot stand too close with people, or it will make others uncomfortable and nervous.
To sum up.making a good impression is worth enough practice.
Nowadays, with the expansion of the scale of the enrollment, the quantity of postgradua-tes are also increasing.
The consequent pressure on postgraduates arise.
We are faced with four major pressure.
Job Pressure.
Every year there are millions of students graduating from universities.
So it's very difficult to find a job, especially in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen such big cities.
As a postgraduate, we are more picky in finding jobs.
Learning Pressure.
During our graduate's study, if we want to get the Master Degree successfully, we must publish at least one article on the core journals.
So, most of us have to pay more attention to our papers while we have little time to acquire other knowledge.
Economic Pressure.
According to the rules, academic type of postgraduate students have the subsidy about 200-300 yuan each month and a part of students need not pay for tuition while professional type of postgraduate students have no subsidy and need to pay more money for their tuition.
We are all adults, we will feel embarrassed, if we take money from our parents again.
Psychological Pressure.
Above pressure will lead to mental stress.
We often ask ourselves whether we can find a good job when we graduate from university.
As time passes, we will feel anxious.
Every one will face different pressure.
Nowadays, there are more and more people take civil service exams in China.
And many people want to know that why do they participated in civil service exams.
Every year hundreds of thousands of students have graduated from University.
They don't know what kind of job suitable for them, and they are very confused.
In this time they found that many students participated in thecivil service exams, so they also went to join in it.
In the one hand collage students face great employment pressure.
The pressure from their family and society.
Because they just learned little knowledge but charging too much money.
In the other hand , the reason why did people take participated in civil service exams is that they want to becoming government employees.
In my opinion, we can't follow the crowd.
We need to have their own goals, and following our hobbies.
As far as i am concerned we should learn more knowledge in college.
When it comes to my secrets of study, I will always admit that there are no very effective ways to adopt to help us to get good marks if we don not want to spend time and energy.
I think al of these so-called secrets are useful to me because I can enjoy my study and colorful life with their help.
As you can see, working hard is essential to study.
A suitable schedule and lifestyle will balance our life, so we can have enough rest when I can finish my task to meet the deadline.
Besides, frequent communication can benefit me a lot.
As far as I concerned, my secrets of study are so common to all of us that even students in the middle school know the importance of them.
However, how much you stick to them decides how much value you can get from them.
In my opinion, all the things in the world are changing.
And sometimes we have to change our plans to adapt to new situatuons.
Therhfore, we should stick them flexibly which does not mean losing our principles.
All in all, sticking to the secrets and making flexible changes accordingly are equally important.
Today, with the development of society, we pay a lot for the economic increasing, such as air pollution , water pollution and so on.
Above all, we clearly see : Internet reai name a little more well than bad .
When asked about their opinion of city life or suburban life, people always respond differently.
We can find what we need in the city, libraries, colleges, museums, and so on.
Of course, live in the city have also bad place.
But thinking about the death penalty is a contradiction of accumulation, then expansion, lastly the outbreak .
In addition, someone has been punished unjustly.
After many years, the confession were made.
It is held by some people that cooperative learning is good.
Students who have poor foundation were in a lost sight condition.
In the real life, as everyone knows, Good things never come easy  .
As a college student, there are enormous opportunities to enhance ourselves so that we can make a good step in our life.
Inaddition, we should take advantage of these opportunities to create much more good things.
Furthermore, as the saying goes  nothing is difficult if you put your heart into it  .
Apparently, it tells us that if you want to make a good thing you must have your heart put things you are doing.
Take my classmate for example, she always bring her books to library study very hard, finally, she obtains a good grade.
What is more, team cooperation also plays an important role to make good things, which may test everyone on the team.
As far as I am concerned, on the one hand, if you want to make something good you should set a goal and continue doing things according your goal.
On the other hand, you make preparations to solve problems which prevent you.
Last but not least, confidence not only can make you success when you do some difficult things but it can also bring you a good mood.
Only in these ways can we get good things.
In my opinion is that English learning shouldn't overheating.
Because learning English in a very large and have low energy.
And ever if learn good English but not to play abroad, said somehing foreigners are differ in learning.
Riding a bicycle is better than taking the bus .
One reason is than taking the bus is crowd in the bus .
The most important reason is that more riding a bicycle is more enjoyable than taking the bus .
It is a waste of time .
He has deft hands and can do many things, such as some simple handmade, or paper folding and so on, I never see a man so attentive.
As soon as we were born we might had leaned on father's arms.
As far as I'm concerned, now I should depend on my father I should make him felt my respect and my love.
Today my achievement is from my father's love.
The dependency means respect and love to great extent, now.
At first, I couldn't stand it .
Nonethless now, I think how marvellous it is.
At the first time , I thought she must be as usual as before others , Neverthless actually, I'm totally in the wrong .
She was just making a brief introduction about herself at that time.
  After hearing her sentence, I've transformed my idea about her.
She was different from other teachers.
She also reminded me of that day .
I think she must be angry with me , but She just smiled and said : It doesn't matter .
From now on , I enjoy attending her classes just because of her expression , her carefulness, her words, and most of all, her enthusiasm made me a deep impression .
With the help of her , my english writing improves promptly .
Nowadays, one of the universal issues that cause growing concern is whether it is wise of consumers to shop for sales and group-buy deals.
As we all know, students are so careful about pocket money in their daily life that they try their best to look for discounts.
However, such as, coupons, they can't bring us profits.
A good case in point is that of my once shopping experience.
When I was a senior high school student, You know, my pocket money was not enough to buy anything I want to.
So I always bought cheap shoes and clothes, which always fell apart after a while due to its poor quality.
But after a case I was totally changed this habit that love to buy bargains.
One summer, I saw a pair of leather jacket, great design, of good quality which costs 700 yuan.
I made the painful decision to spend the money.
Now, many years later, it's still in good shape.
Generally speaking.
Buying that group-buy deals or bargains is really can save money, but it's quality cannot be guaranteed.
What's more this situation will affect your normal life.
Hi, I'm D.
I want to have a wonderful winter holiday, so I make a study--rest plan.
Now, I think Daming spends less time studying and plays a lot.
If he does one hour's homework and has a ten minutes' break between two hours' working.
As we all know, earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need.
Earth helps people more.
Of course, people has been depended on it.
People have been polluted air, soil, water source.
The sky becomes grey.
Then the river becomes dirty.
people are cutting down trees.
And man waste water source and metal source.
To not every man's greed, we should plant more trees and flowers.
Then we shouldn't waste water .
Let's go.
We believe our sky will be more bluer, the trees will be greener.
Once More to the Lake is one of the most enduring essays of E.
The understanding of the passage of time is the main theme in the essay of Once More to the Lake by E.
I was sure that the tarred road would have found it out and I wondered in what other ways it would be desolated.
They went fishing the first morning, the author says that The small waves were the same, chucking the rowboat under the chin as we fished at anchor, and the boat was the same boat, the same color green and the ribs broken in the same places, .
I felt dizzy and didn't know which rod I was at the end of.
Then Lin Zhen qi.
Ling Qing , Chen Shuying and Li Jiayi do the similar work .
The members of the christians rapidly expanded in the UK, and in 1878, after accepting the advice of his son, William booth change name for The Salvation Army.
In the first world war, the salvation army's contribution in the service work, .
Us personal tax is also called 1040 Form .
From 1040, the form 1040 can be filed electronically .
But professional tax preparation service can be quite expensive .
Although American's federal tax code is famous for its complex and difficult .
It's different from our personal income tax.
Thank's for our team's hard working .
Opinions are divided on this issue.
Sixty percent of students think the entrance fee should not be charged for parks.
Because the parks are places for people to relax, it's built for the public.
However, the other students hold the opposite opinion.
They prefer to charge the entrance fee, but not too much.
So that these money can be used to pay for the gardeners' salaries or to buy some new flowers and saplings.
In a word, every coin has two sides, everything has advantages and disadvantages, too.
So, as the saying goes, we must See through the appearance to perceive the essence.
The whole living room is neat, commodious and comfortable.
As you walk into the living room, you can see a dark gray rectangle of the tea table in the centre of the living room.
More specifically, tea table on the left is a sofa that accept three seats.
As well as, the top right corner of the table is a purple for two sitting sofa, the sofa against the corner.
Furthermore, the low right corner of the table which is a light green sofa for one sitting sofa, it faces the corner of the tea table.
