Personally speaking, I'm in favour of the latter.
For example, if you have excellent Academic Performance, but your Communication Ability is poor.
As a result, it's difficult for others to communicate with you.
Last but not least, as a college student, we should develop in all-round .
However, Communication Ability is a basically ability.
Reading books need skill.
Somepeople think reading books need selectively.
But other people thingk we need extensively.
I think reading books are need skill.
We have choose help for ours.
I think reading books need skill.
This is very important.
In the rapid development of society, there has been an urgent demand for talents who possess the capacity to understand the operation of machine and knowledge innovation.
University is the place where student can motivate their capacities and inspire students potential.
It is necessary to ensure that our future workforce is prepared to accept the future challenges.
In order to met these requirements, we need a selection mechanism that is fare and generally known to all the people, that is the National Exams.
Since the first exam was administered in 1997, the National Exams have been becoming Chinese tradition.
I don't think it is the right time to abandon this tradition.
First of all, the National Exam tests an individual's knowledge of more specific subjects.
Many people believe that the National Exam is a more accurate assessment of a student's accumulated knowledge.
Second, our society not only needs the professional people who come from the colleges, but also other builders.
Third, some argue that the scores are not a valid predictor of a student's future grade point average.
But a student's GPA is not the sole criterion a college uses when selecting potential students.
The Spring Festival is the greatest festival in China with the meaning of prosperous and happiness.
The first reason is that the main tradition of the spring festival does harm to the environment.
Besides, the loud noise which caused by setting off firworks really trouble me a lot.
In addition to that, although eating outside with our relatives will develop the relationship between us.
Yet it is really a waste of food for ordering too much dishes so as to be enthusiastic.
What's more, it is the gift money but the traditional culture that matters to the child.
In my opinion , the spring festival means much more than a celebration day for new year.
As we know, the use of cellphones is more and more common in terms of teenagers at school in modern time.
On the one hand, they are useful.
First, we can use them to look through the news about politics or economy to open our mind.
Second, we look up large of knowledge that we lack of, which is supposed to do.
On the other hand, they have many drawbacks.
Firstly, when we are studying, they might divert our attention so that influencing our grades.
Secondly, they are likely to have important effects on order in school because of arguing between some students and others.
I'm Mark Zhang, The last talk about with you very happy on Guangzhou Trade Fair.
I am very interested in your company's phone.
SoI want to ask you something.
I hope you can tell me more information about products.
Such as product specifications.colour.
price function and so on.
This phone have a very good market prospects.
My first trip is going to the Hebei when I summer holiday.
I did get to there by car and with my perants.
We visited some interesting place, such as yesanpo and beautiful lake.
We go to there in order to relaxed.
In recent years, more and more people begin to realize that a lot of traditional customs and traditions are losing their charm and some of them have even disappeared.
Firstly, technology, for the most part, provides people with nothing but convenience and comfort.
A warm and heated family atmosphere is therefore created, so everyone can feel the warmth and care of others.
Secondly, lots of young people get to know more about foreign cultures which they find some customs and festivals more interesting and fashionable than what they have celebrated ever since they were born.
They begin do things in a ''modern''way.
Young people nowadays are more passionate about a Christmas celebration than about our Spring Festival.
With time passing by, there're always new ways of thinking and living emerging.
The society is changing, the world is changing, and so is our traditional culture.
In a word, I think the development of modern technology has greatly influenced traditional cultures, some of them will be changed or even lost.
But these changes are not necessarily bad.
As long as the essence of our tradition is kept safe and sound, and we keep passing on from generation to generation, we don't have to always focus on the formalities.
In recent years, more and more American venture capital and private equity have established branches in Europe.
Most American VCs target the European market with a dedicated fund.
As the VCs growing steadily, a good number of global companies will be born in Europe.
As we all know, with the development of society, it is becoming a fashion that the ten-dance of low-carbon life.
Second, we should use baskets or the bag of recyclable instead of rubbish bags, which can reduce the using of rubbish bags.
The reducing of privates bus can decline carbon dioxide to clear the air.
Therefore, there are some different comments about it.
This activity has become a common and necessary thing in some people's daily lives.
With the force of livelihood, people must make money in the day, so they have less time to do physical exercise.
While, Guang Chang Wu can make them together, not only can make the dancers have a good workout, but also make them enjoy it.
For me, I'm supporter of Guang Chang Wu, not only because it can help people do physical exercise together by dance, but also bring great joy to the dancers.
It is a great honor for me to have a speech here.
Eventually, I wish all the students could understand parents'heart, for they are the most related persons in your life.
We should release parents'burden.
As we all know, most college students fall in love after they enter college.
In fact, It's natural for college students to make boyfriend.
Some people, especially college teachers and students' parents, think that students should give up love and concentrate on study.
They say that campus love is not lasting and most of loves may break up be after graduation.
On the contrary, some people, especially college students believe that it is natural for young people to fall in love on the campus because they meet every-day and their everyday meeting produces romantic passion towards each other.
It is of great significance for a college student to know how to copy with something in college .
Firstly, how to be faced with your life problem .
In the study, Except for playing you need at least to least two hours in studying .
To this issue, I am convinced that we have to independent and try to make lots of friends, Because after graduating from the college, friends are a big fortune.
Now global warming is becoming more and more terrified.
Our environment is comforting an extremely difficult challenge.
I think the most significant problem of today is what we human beings are doing to save our environment.
Well, I have been reading about the problem of landfills, and it worries me a lot.
Of course, no one intends a tremendous landfill anywhere near their neighborhood.
There is no easy way out.
Sometimes we always here about air pollution, but not many people are aware of the problem of water pollution.
It is a problem in almost every major city in the world.
Almost all our rivers and lakes, where we get our drinking water are being polluted in some way by businesses, farms, homes, industries and other sourses.
Although the water most of us drink has already been treated, it is still not 100percent pure.
In accordance with, a recent report, in the Amazon rainforest, trees of an area about the size of a football field are falling every second.
Apparently trees in the Amazon rainforest are disappearing at an alarming rate.
As a result, rare plants and wildlife are being destroyed and the whole ecological balanced is being upset.
So we can see our environment is being fragile.
We should try our best to protect it from being treated badly.
By the way, climate is useful for weather forecasting.
It also helps determine when the most positive time would be for farmers to plant their crops.
It could even be helpful for you and your family to plan a vacation.
Put it another way, look out of your window any day, any time and you see weather.
As far as I am concerned, friendship is when you are in trouble, your friends can help you get out from it, and when you are happy, your friends can share happiness with you.
Suddenly, someone was calling my name from the window, Oh, it's XIAO MING, he was studying in the next classroom, he asked me to go home with him, and we shared the only one umbrella, Even though most of us clothes were wet because the umbrella was so small, we felt very happy, and we smiled at each other at the end.
In my opinion, we should learn how to pay, not barely hope get from our friends, when our friend in need, we should try our best to help them, and support from the spirit.
Only by this, can we develop a good friendship with our real friend.
We are just students.
Others think that there are cars and houses is their happiness.
On the first day when we went to school, our teachers have told us that we must to study hard and should stick to study everyday.
l think there is some love around me.
My mother is an ordinary person.
She is always busy with work, but she still cares for me very much.
When l meet difficulties, she encourages me to face them.
Besides, she passed a cup of milk when l was still doing homework.
l think mother's love is the greatest thing in the world.
lt was the sun that keeps me warm all the time.
Because of our company has won a large export order, we need to organize foreign language training to all of you.
According to the report, more and more people turn to online education.
Actually, education on the Internet which was great hot way at American from 2012.
And after a year , it spread to China and accepted by many Chinese .
Whatever you are student, officer, teacher or boss, etc.
Modern people always busy, usually they want to go classroom and listen teacher, but they have no time.
Second, anywhere.
Whatever you are in, school, office, home or outdoor, only you have a computer, can you easily learn the courses that you are interesting.
Third, there are a lot of courses by famous professors, ordinary people can also enjoy excellent educational resources.
Besides, we can discuss own views with others around the word.
Even so, online education still existing problems such as some web's curriculum just are simple video which not solve students' doubts.
They made concerted efforts sent the girl to a hospital.
I wonder your school life now, so I tell you my school life.
After breakfast I go to school immediately.
At school, classmates and I hand in homework before class.
I usually have maths lessons as well as have seven lessons during the weekday.
I don't like physics, because I think it's so difficult to learn.
When I get to home, I have dinner with my family.
Then I usually do my homework.
On Friday, I stay on at school in a mintue and I'm running on the playground.
Additionally, traditional Chinese characters are still widely taught and used in Taiwan, Hong Kong and chinatowns worldwide, which shows the necessity and reason-ability of traditional Chinese characters.
Let me show you something about my school life.
I usually get up at sixo'clock.
I have brackfast at home.
I usually go to school by bus.
At school, half past seven I have my first lesson.
Before the class, we have tohand in our homework on time.
after first lesson, we have to do some excreise.
I dont like physics, because it is diffcult to me.
but I like English very much.
we have lunch at eleven o'clock and we have a teast after the lunch.
Iusually do my homework and I like my school very much.
The traditional virtue of conservation have been forgotten .
As we know, too much pressure makes the smartest student a fool.
Firstly, they are more easily face the pressure of learning which makes they must work very hard to get the diploma and find a good job.
They work for longer hours with income.
So they are likely to face pressure.
Moreover, the pressure of learning makes them fragile, and they do not have a right way to reduce stress.
In view of the seriousness of the problem, effective measures should be taken.
With the development of the Internet, people can do many things by the Internet.
Some people think it takes so lower time for us that we can have more time to do other things.
However, shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages.
Sometimes, the real goods may not be the same as what they have seen on the computer.
I conside that whatever we do.
Nowadays, many students take into account spell in study english .
The existence of problem can be attributed to the following main reasons.
certainly, it is helpful to study English .
However, hardly any students write English word and article .
I could remember it was a cloudy day and it also was a rainy day.
I have been told to move to Beijing and leave my hometown where i have lived ten years, it was also the place where i born, grow, laugh and cry.
My old school have a goodbye party for me.
I couldn't say anything on the party beacuse there were only one mind: we must have a reunion one day.
I just couldn't hold my tears out when i heared my friends singing goodbye songs for me.
It was a most beautiful song that i have listened.
When i got on the bus to Beijing i also can heard the song singsing in my mind.
Five years past, sometimes i felt lonely and sad, there is always a song singing in my mind, this song couraged me to faced the problem.
The activity is specially designed for students who want to get close to nature or take exercise.
It also helps in communicating.
The students who want to take part in the activity will get together at the school gate at 7:30.
We set off at 8:00, and come back at 11:00.
There are various things to do there , such as planting vegetables and watering flowers.
We all hope you can come and give us some instructions.
As we can see in the picture.
The boy wants to solve the problem about nuclear waste.
In fact, he just wants to shirk his responsibility to empty the dustin.
So his father told him.
In our daily life a lot of people always want to do some great things.
But if a man can't do the simple thing , he will not gain the success.
People always like fancies that he is going to be famous for the world, do great.
But they never put into effect.
We need to know just have a dream never get anything, we just have a dream can't achieve any goal.
We must do anything hard working for our goal.
Do the small or simple best and then we will achieve our dream more and more close.
For example we can not study in the university, we need to get a lot of knowledge in our primary school and middle school.
In my opinion, do small before great .
Just like this wo will have a good basic get ready for our success.
Don't just have a dream and ingore the small things.
With the development of new technology, The life of people become more and more interesting.
New technology has brought many conveniences to modern life.
But there are many pubbing in social.
Today we almost have a phone, we can use it to do something in life.
Everything has pros and cons.
people have new technology, they are addicted to technological devices so that ignore others' feeling and motion.
It influences the relationship between people not to communication with others face to face.
In my opinion, we should try our best to take full advantage of the new technology to help us.
And we can use it to relax.
In recent 10 years, the number of people in city X traveling abroad is increasing.
People choose to travel abroad because of the development of the economic.
What's more, nowadays, with the development of the economics, people lead a comfortable and high quality life.
More and more people are willing to travel abroad with their families and friends.
On the one hand, the increase of the number of people traveling abroad has a great effect on traveling and promote the economic's increase.
There will be an outdoor activity which will be held this Sunday.
We plan to plant vegetables, water flowers as well as have a picnic.
There is nothing to do but get close to nature.
Taking exercise is also a excellent chioce in the farm.
I am looking forward to that day's coming.
We will get together at the school gate at 7:30.
And it will last three hours from 8 o'clock to 11 o'clock.
I will appreciate it if you come.
It is really worth taking part in this.
But it's abundant in energy and wish you'd have it.
Nobody could refuse him.
Nowadays, some people think though we are colleges, it is important for us to achieve high academic performance, while others don't think so.
They hold out the opinion that communication ability is more important.
Although we enter universities, we are still students.
As a result, we should study as hard as before.
Moreover, academic performance is basic to scholarship.
Equally, communication ability is essential to a college.
We learn knowledge in order to put into practice one day, so it is necessary for us to improve our communication ability.
In addition, we should set up good relationship and make friends with more people.
I want to study English for different reasons.
When I hear someone speak english very well, I realize it is very interesting.
I want to be one of them.
Then, I really love it.
The felling of chat with others make me so happy.
Thirteen March 2014.
This morning, our teacher who is taught us to writing was told us played a match.
Then, the teacher took out a picture about little pig.
Teacher sticks the picture in the middle of the blackboard, who teacher asked us to devided into two groups, per groups gone to paint the little pig on the blackboard.
we should put on the eyeshade.
After a while, the match was beginning, at the moment, I can't wait to draw it.
That time, painting the picture one by one.
When a students gone to paint, others told him the direction and how to paint it.
I have noticed that some of them was very excited with laughing.
After a short while, we all finished the picture, teacher judged the two picture that what we paint.
When it comes to personality, I'm always considered as a mild and kind-hearted boy.
I will never lose sympathy for anyone or any little animals.
When the scene of people suffering the pain of war or illness flashs into my eyes, I always could not help feeling painful.
In my heart, care and love will play the most important part of humen being's life forever, only with the love can people overcomeaall kinds ofdifficulties and challenges.
Aside from the above, I also have the precious character of the boys-careful.
Altogether, my personality contains a lot of good aspects.
If you must find some negative points, I should say that sometimes I'm too soft on some problems.nevertheless, I think soft is not necessarily a bad thing.
Now, Group cooperative learning appears a new teaching way in the classes.
When it comes to good mood, i recall a proverb from William Shakespeare: Light heart lives long.
It's known to us all that a good mood results in a healthy life, which enables us to possess an energetic and a strong body.
Nothing can be as vital as a healthy life.
With a good life habit, we're allowed to enjoy everything around us such as traveling, climbing or hiking etc.
There's a recent report on a magazine states that a good mood make it possible to work efficiently.
A good mood, in other word, is high spirit.
That power, to some extent probably maintain or stimulate our nerves.
Our brain will become much clearer because of awaken nerves.
To put in a nutshell, keeping a good mood can possibly fresh ourselves and let us see the bright side of one thing while the rest see the dark side.
Life is short, though.
Keeping a good mood makes us see more, hear more and enjoy more.
I want to receive your certificate.
Winter is the cold season in the year, the day is short and short.
So before winter comes, The people and the animals are very busy.
Because before winter comes is the harvest season, lots of crops are mature, people are working on the farm.
Some animals are look for food, winter is not lots of food and very cold.
Sometimes we can see some birds.
for example, the swallow will come to south .
For me, winter is good.
When it snows, the ground is whiter with snow.
As we can see, in the picture, the Online Rumors just like a bomb , everyone catched by it will be killed.
It is obviously that the Online Rumors have bad effect on ourselves.
It confuses our mind, society safety and the whole world.
For example, maybe a famous star is seek in the situation that someone say something bad about him .
Sometimes, people just believe the Online Rumors rather than the real, because the real is not powerful enough.
Or someone have bad idea to broad news, such as the salt'price is going to be increasing.
In my opinion, everyone of us should contribute to deal with the situation.
As for the government, they should take strong measures to clean the Online enviornment.
We need more powerful laws to protect our peasonal life.
As for the ordinary man, we should try our best not to trust the Online Rumors and tell othes.
First, it is useful to transport.
Because, the price of the tickets would be high if many passengers buy them.
This will promote the development of catering industry.
However, the other people considerate that the increase in passengers damage the historical relics.
I think that we shall divide it into two aspects.
On the one hand, we shall support the development of tourism.
I'm your best friend Zhang Peng and I'm enjoying my favourite festival, Chinese Spring Festival.
It's our most important holiday.
It's a rare chance to let us reunite.
Children like the festival very much , because they can have delicious food and wear new clothes.
They also can get some money from their parents.
Before the Spring Festival, people put up couplets on the doors.
They stand for the good luck.
During the Spring Festival, all the family members get together for dinner in the New Year.
In many places people like to set off firecrackers.
Dumplings are the most traditional food.
The Spring Festival lasts about 15days long.
People visit relatives to send best wishes.
The issue of whether or not stricter punishment is the only way to improve the road safeerty has been widely debated currently.
There is no denying that punishment is the most effective way to enhance road safty.
To began with, strict punishiment add more cost to drivers to against the traffic laws, so that the man-made accident will be signally cut down.
In turn, stricter punishiment will raise concern about safty driving.
However, there aren't nothing to do expect the punishiment.
The most important of all is to let people to understand the significance about safety and respect of life.
Firstly, public service announcement should be increased on TV and newspaper.
Secondly, warning sign should be set up around the road to remind drivers to be carefully constantlly.
Obviously, both saids have sound reasons.
The question is whether we can find the balance between the two.
Beking university is one of the most famous university in China, i'm proud of you who can study in here.
Beking university is not only known for its education but also its beautiful scenery and quiet environment, you will have the best life of studying.
In addition, if you live here, you will find that life is convenient and neighbourhoods are friendly.
in my view, it is a good place for you to live alone and study.
I think you can make many friends and won't be alone.
Through the learning, I'll gain advanced knowledge and skills.
Secondly, taking on -the-job graduate program gives me a chance to obtain a master's degree, which is necessary for me to get a promotion.
I think both of them sound good.
After reading the story of tiger mother, i feel greatful to you , my mother.
Maybe, the tiger mother had succeed in training her children in some ways.
However, Many parents will not agree with her, such as you.
You always play with me , which made me quite happy.
What 'more, My father and you often accompany with me .
You, my dear mother, never require return.
Although you paied too much that is countless.
Tiger mother and you have a common in teaching method.
In a word, differdnt mothers have different teaching ways.
I meet many people during growing up , including my father and mother.
He is not thoughtful but patient.
Since I am young , he is strict with me in life and study .
As a man of family he should earn money to support it.
He does not often stay at home , let alone play with me.
Gradually, I am afraid of him .
He often says to me :  Study hard.
I understand his heart as I growing.
It is my father that helps me grow up.
As a result, my tears flow through my face.
I didn't realize how important my parents were until I on my own.
The truth lies in the hand of a few.
Nevertheless, under the institution of democracy, government tend to focus on the voice from the majority, while neglecting the rights of the minorities.
Sometimes, this ignorance can lead to terrible consequences.
The day before the Civi War can be a torture for the black in America.
For the great benefits brought from laboring the black, the white force the government reluctantly to legitimize the slaves in America.
This leads the black into the catastrophic lives where they are separated from their family, forced to finish the arduous laboring work and worked all day long under the tough environment until the day they died.
After undergoing the terrible times, they struggled, strove, fought for their rights.
Having endured the bloody and cost-consuming war, the black pay the extremely high price to carry on the Emancipation Proclamation eventually.
Even in today, majority rule tends to be an unfair judge.
In the American president election 2000, the final result of voting for Al Gore turned out to be that George Bush became the president of America.
This was that so-called majority  makes the election unexpected.
In the today's prevalent TV program show, The Oprah Winfrey Show probably enjoys the greatest reputation among all the American audiences.
What makes this show success is what makes it distinctly unique.
This Talk has never been fooled by the wrong guides of majority for it implements inviting the ordinary people as the distinguished guests rather those with reputes and focusing on the personal daily-life-topics.
At first, a majority of people held reserved or even passive attitudes towards the prospects of this program.
However, Oprah Winfrey insisted stubbornly to this unprecedented reform on the talk show.
The results of totally listening to the voices from majority usually create tension or even worse.
Nowadays, Network Real-name System was throw into the flow of discussing.
However, evey coin has two sides .
We all study different language since we see our word.
The first language we study is our country' language, we study this language from our parents when we were kids.
Then we go to school, we study many more difficult language.
We maybe like or dislike but we must study.
When I study English I like it very much at first.
But I study a long time later, I feel extremely bored about it.
So I feel sleepy when my English teacher giving a class.
It results in my English so bad.
When I see the people who can speak English fluently, I wish I can speak English like them.
I also listening to English music and reading english books.
Gradually, I find that it is interesting when I learned English.
From this I think we should study hard instead of giving up learning language.
I am L.
The reason why I write to you is that I hope you can participate in an activity together with us.
We plan to spend the Double Ninth Festival with the old men from nuring house so that we can make them feel warm.
I think it is a very meaningful event and we invite you to join it as well.
We are going to set off at 8:00 am on Saturday morning and assembled in the school gate.
We will come back at about 4:00 pm.
In nursing house, we will make dumplings for old men and eat together.
In addition, we intend to give them some performances to make them happy.
These are our plans.
Be a volunteer, helping many people who with different cultures.
The YOG is spread culture of sports, I will tell my mates and become a group of volunteer to the YOG.
Spread the sports culture and local culture to the guests.
Firstly, as a student, learning is the most crucial thing, so, students should pay all their strength to study.
  This kind of grass can cure your hairs' problem.
In this picture, we could see a dad and a son are talking about something.
The son is worried about the nuclear waste.
We first feel this picture is a little funny, then we could find out the moral from this picture.
Most of the people usually think more than we could do by ourselves.
Just like the boy in the picture, we just thinking about the things beyond our ability could do.
So, someone should tell us what we should do first, not just thinking boundless things, just like the dad in the picture.
Succeeding in language learning was one of the most difficult thing in my study-life.
Hard as it was, I have never said ''give up''.
I clearly remembered my experiences about studying language.
we live in a modern life, many fashion things have sprung up.
For example,3G mobile phone, e-car, e-bike ande-book.
E-book is the perfect result of the development of technology.
There are several advantages of e-books, but in general, they may come down to four major ones.
In the first place, it is convenient to use e-books.
What you need to do is touching the screen to control it.
In addition, the content of e-books can be revised again and again.
Because e-book itself can be linked with computers.
With the development of Internet, lots of e-books can be downloaded from the Internet.
As a result, there is need to pay for the e-books.
You only lose little money for the Internet fee.
Compared with commom books, e-books are very cheap.
What's more, anthor advantage of e-books is carrying easily.
Common books made of paper are very heavy.
E-books composed by high technology are light and thin.
It's easy for you to take e-books wherever you go and whenever you want.
Last but not least, there are large amount of room to storage information.
As the old saying goes, every coin has two sides.
Many people criticize e-books, they may raise the following reasons.
Firstly, owing to being revised easily, we have difficulty to storage information forever.
There is a long-running debate as to whether e-books are good for us.
As far as I'm concerned, I completely support to spread e-books.
E-books are pregnant with our developing times, they have reasons to survive.
It's necessary that effective steps be taken to improve the disadvantages.
In this year, I'm the most unforgettable I know my name on the list.
I was admitted to the YingKou Institute of science and technology.
play tennis go to the library to cultivate their sentiments to do something meaningful.
College life is a very important period of time, I will cherish this time, to do their own favorite things to their own good.
When it comes to the topic that how to make friends, different people will offer different ideas.
Some people maintain the perspective that the more friends they make, the more benefits it will bring.
As far as I am concerned, there are some elements of truth in both these view.
On the one hand, we shouldn't long on quantity but short on quality, true friends should be the person who can be the shoulder when you are in sorrow, and be a harbour when you are in difficulities.
We should be aware of the necessity of making true friends carefully.
On the other hand, we need not only true friends but also ordinary friends, after all, there are not so large space in our heart to put so many true friends, and there are not many people who can meet our demands of true friends as well.
Nowadays, a majority of students are crazy about the romance.
The shallow of romance seeking exists everywhere.
But when it comes to the phenomenon about the shallow of romance seeking.
As far as I am concerned, benefiting from pursuing romance is possible if controlled within a reasonable and sensible range.
There are mainly two reasons.
On the one hand, it can help to strengthen the relationship between lover, which can make students more confident and less anxious.
However, we can not waste too much time which is meant for stud in pursuing romance, because what is the most important for students is study.
This kind of lifestyle means lots of things, such as walking or taking a bus instead of driving to work.
In a way, reducing waste is a form of low-carbon lifestyle.
But to us, college students, what on earth should we do must be made clear, although you haven't formed such an idea.
It's no double that there are some love around everyone.
My mother cares me well to show that she loves me.
My friends understand me and help me.
When I get love from them, I seem to become the happiest person all over the world.
As a return.
Besides, I'll learn how to understand others.
Nowadays, some people do not understand that they should not kill animals according to their wishes.
So they kill more and more animals.
I think the fundamentle is the commercial benefits.
They want to make more and more money.
They want to live a luxurious life.
Animals and humans are both living on the earth.
We share the sources together.
I believe if there is no animal, we should not live happily and we must feel lonely.
In the ancient, our ancestors kill animals to obtain the economic benefits.
In fact, the ancient people realized the environment is more and more important to us.
That time, they have come up with the harmony between animals and people.
But, as time go, we are still not realize this dream.
In the mordern age, people are on business.
businessmen kill many animals to get more and more money.
The bodies of animals are very valuable.
They hope they can have money through this way.
I think this is illegal business.
So the advetisement says No business, no killing is very essential to us, especially to the people who are killing animals crazily.
We are warned by the advertisement.
We realized the original idea of the advertisement.
Killing animals is caused by the human greed.
The act of killing animals is not good.
We must be suffered punishment for the act of killing, so no business ni killing.
People endless business is a big wrong thing.
Animals are lives, they also need equal treatment.
In this way, we can live on the earth happily.
I think we should plan a principle which can control the illegal actions, or we can control each other.
As a college student, I think I should propose this idea-no business, no killing.
Feeling every time I wake up from a dream, a people in my tuck, every time when I wake up from dreams, always feel that you were with me.
You are so selfless care of me, attachment me, but you do not know how care for yourself.
Repeat that my high school years, you stay with me through the most difficult time, you give me a warm, has given me the confidence I can obtain a school now.
You have spent a lifetime of endeavour on my body, but I have not had time to repay your kindness, you left me.
Mom, you know how much thought you what.
  Love is the mother's life work, the mother of the sons and daughters of toil is no consideration.
Mom, I love you.
Nowadays, there is a lot of books in our market.
You can read what what you want to read.
because the interests are the best teachers.
As to myself I prefer literature, so I read a small quantities of Famous works.
And then, the books which your parents and teachers recommend to you are useful as well.
Last week a friend of mine introduced a book named Who Moved My Cheese to me .
It is an significant book just like a wise man .
After reading, I grasped we should be flexible .
With the development of the technology, the network is already the tenements in our daily life.
It cannot be denied that the network convenient for our life greatly.
We can work, study and entertain online.
In my view, I think it has a double-edged advantage and disadvantage.
On the one hand, for example, before a student enrolls in the college, she can make some friends online who may help them better to know the new school and the new college life.
So she can make a good preparation for her college life.
If a man wants to travel, he also can make friends online who are called 'travelers'.
Those people who are called travelers can travel together and have the same interest.
On the other hand, it also has the disadvantage.
After all, the network is a fictitious world, and the things are all fictive.
So whoever you are, you must be careful when you make friends online.
Every year there are many people were tricked into money even feelings because of making friends careless online.
For the past few years, the problem of domestic food safety make everybody worried.
Such as illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives and pesticide pollution.
People always worry about some un-safety food let them be illness or discomfort.
As far as I am concerned we can improve our realization of safety food in the following aspects.
Second, we ought to have meal in the standard, clean restaurant.
Being conventional, authentic and historic, classics play an important role in our daily life, which attract an increasing number of people.
Nevertheless, some people hold the opinion that new things have already a preponderance over the classics.
In this condition, classics should be discarded from now on.
As the treasure of the world, history is being highly focused.
For one thing, it has experienced the whole history with generations.
Therefore, a great many of useful experiences can be brought to us freely.
Thanks to classics, we haven't had to make a mistake in order to find our disadvantages.
We can directly get the appropriate method by reviewing the history.
For instance, nowadays in China, on account of referring the previous experiences and the classics, all aspects are getting more and more prosperous.
But if we go backwards 30 years,50 years or more, because of the lack of the method of constructing a country, the government faced lots of barriers.
So old things can pave the way for new things.
For another, classics represent the highest level in the ancient period.
Many thoughts and comprehensions appeared at this moment, which even would not appear again.
Just like the pyramid in Egypt.
Even nobody knows precisely how to construct the pyramid by hand works till now.
Therefore, classics are significant to the whole world in all aspects.
In my opinion, the judgement should not be made too arbitrarily.
The ancient people are not gods.
Just like the ordinary people, they would also make mistakes, which need us to check and correct carefully.
Besides, limited by the historical background, their thoughts may not be used properly.
For example, the preference of boys to girls in ancient China and many other places in the world forced women to receive the unfair treatment for centuries, which is seriously condemned at present.
In conclusion, As what have been mentioned above, we need to discard the dross and select the essence.
Chinese New Year is an important traditional Chinese holiday celebrated at the turn of the Chinese calendar.
In China, it is also known as the Spring Festival.
Chinese New Year is celebrated in countries and territories with significant Chinese populations, including Mainland China, Hongkong, Macau, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippinee, and also in Chinatowns elsewhere.
According to tales and legends, the beginning of the Chinese New Year started with a mythical beast called Nian.
Nian would come on the first day of New Year to eat livestock, crops and even villagers, especially children.
To protect themselves, the villagers would put food in front of their doors at the beginning of every year.
It was believed that after the Nian ate the food they prepared, it wouldn't attack any more people.
One day a villager decided to get revenge of the Nian.
A god visited him and told him to put red paper on his house and to light fireworks.
The villager then understood that the Nian was afraid of the colour red.
When the New Year was about to come, the villagers would hang red lanterns and red spring scrolls on windows and doors.
People also use fireworks to frighten away the Nian.
There is also a series of tradition durong Chinese New Year.
Every family should clean the house , in order to sweep away ang bad luck to make way for good incoming luck.
Windows and doors will be decerated with the red colour paper-cut and couplets with popular themes of  good fortune    haooiness    wealth  and  longevity  .
In my opinion, newspapers is a more avilable information resource.
Here are my reasons.
Firstiy, I think news report is higher degree of depth than TV news.
It provide more comprehensive and more detailed information.
Secondly, reading newspapers isn't limited by the time.
You can read your newspapers as long time as you like.
Along with the development of high-tech more and more people choose to a promissing work.
They think the choice of promissing work is good.
They have the following reasons.
For example, they think have a promissing job itself means a raise and prootion in the future.
As far as I'm cncerned, I will not hesitate to choose a promissing work.
To begin with, I think a promissing job can bring the honor and challge to me.
Science is always more popular than arts in our traditional education, which cause the ignorance of our native culture.
As it is said that a little of every thing is nothing in the main.
Last week.
I eat much food.
Sush as KTC and ice cream.
Before I slept.
I ate much cold food in the fright.
At midnight.
I felt my stomach hurt me.
My family woke up, they sent me to the hospital.
After seeing the doctor, he told me that I eaten too much food.
Since then, I realized that I should not eat the rubbish food often.
I should keep the healthy diet.
Now my diet is regular, I won't take in much food before sleeping, my body is becoming healthy.
Even when I see the rubbish food is tenptation, I take no hesitation to say no them.
According to recent reporter,80 precent of students depend on cheating in exams.
In China, the college means more free time are given to the students.
So many students prefer to spend time in playing all the time.
In order to receive their college school diplomas, students must pass the term exams.
If the cheaters' grade higher than learners', the unfair problem will happen.
No cheating can set up a morality to help students more honest.
No cheating can help students get more knowledge and stand a chance in job fair.
Some people think we should reading selectively.
They think: some books are unhealthy and is no help in the learing and life.
Reading more books is not good for eyes and is a wasting times.
Other people think reading many books is good for us.
It can make me learing knowledge and can increase the study interesting.
Reading can we get a good job.
All in all, everyone's opinion is not the same.
You can imagine that the students of class are divided into some groups, we can argue with each other in your own group.
It is important that we will get ride of bondage of tradition in the classroom, we will feel very fresh.
So I like this way.
From our recent survey of students, we have found that accountting for 28%of students prefer to read humour while 25% of students prefer to read about travel, One tenth of students prefers to read the story of history .
A small number of students read others, such as sports .
The other is read by the fewest people which is accountting for 9% of students.
We want to get the students .
For this reason, we suggest we should read books which are benefit to our study.
wecan broaden our knowleage by reading books.
Also reading books is a good way to relax oueselves.
As a old saying goes Knowledge is the eye of mind.
in one's opinion classroom in my favourite place at school.
Driving to work is better than walking to work .
The most important reason is that driving is incomfortant .
And it's cooler to dirve in hot weather .my office is one kilometer away from my house .
The last reason is that work shoes are tess comfortable for walking .
Now I tell you that there is a good person that I met three years ago when I entered the junior school.
Peter, who is 17 years old, is very handsome with 180-centimeter height.
Basketball is his favorite sport and he is good at playing table tennis as well.
I believe that's have three reasons.
Secondly, the Internet is used widely in the world and so many people are like it .
In my point of view, the on line education can very helpful if you use it correctly, you can get a lot of knowledge and others.
In a way, my pen bag is very simple which only has one bag with a zipper.
It's argent.
For one side , a picture with a bear and a rabbit who are hand in hand is on it.
For the other side , a picture like an envelop also with the pattern on it attracts me when I bought it.
At he top right corner, a stamp circumference with a rabbit's head on it.
As we know, there is no life in the world weather there is no water.
There are many reasons for water shortage .
It is common sense that nearly three quarters of the earth's surfuce is covered with water, so someone called the earth water planet.
In addition, with the rapid development of society, the demand for water is increasing quickly.
Now, we should take some measures to protect our water sources tosatisfy the require for water and avoid the disaster of the world.
For example, we can plant trees and grass to retain water, and we should reduce the water pollution from the factory.
The core spirit of the speech is never give up and keeps fighting.
In the first paragraph, Churchill use six parallel sentences begin with I see  .
From this nothing will turn us-nothing .
We will never parley, we will never negotiate with Hitler or any of his gang .
The first time l go into college, l was very exciting and curious.
As the circumstance change, the modes of instruction changed, too.
For example, Teachers only show up on the class, so it is very hard to ask them question whenever you want.
Homework become your own business, no one would care about whether you handed it or not.
Going to the classroom or not all depends on you, which means if you want to study, you can go to any class you like, even it is not you major, if you want to indulge yourself, you can skip class as much as you like.
To accommodate to all those change, l adjust my learning method .
Instead of consult the teacher, l will discuss my confusion with my friend first, and then ask teachers for help.
Nowadays, the ' No Cars Day' campaign is getting more and more popular.
A total of 108 cities have participated in this campaign.
The aim is to dissuade people from driving cars and to promote the public transportation in big cities.
Anyway, there are different ideas about whether cities should establish ' No Cars Day' .
Some people suppose that 'No Cars Day' can benefit people a lot.
And it can not last many days.
As far as I am concerned, 'No Cars Day' is a good idea.
Public transportation can save our time and also it can produce less pollution.
And we don't need to fear that we can not find a parking place.
In my opinion, we can get more benefit from the 'No cars Day' campaign.
In a word, try it out and we can see the change.
We can benefit from it.
The majority of students are lack of social practice, and they don't want to join one.
They'd prefer to stay at home and watch movies.
I went to Changsha station as a volunteer this afternoon, I stand, smiled, answered people's questions and helped them to buy tickets.
It was tired, I admit, but it worth.
Espesially I felt happy, and I am feeling happy now.
Widen your horizon, you can not only help others, but also do something to prove your value.
I like playing basketball, listening to music, playing online games.
In addition, I like reading in the evening.
Though my English is not very good.
But l never lost my heart, I try my best to learn it.
During the time, I got everything from teachers, so I don't have the sense of consider a new question by myself.
When we grow up in the future we will have no personality at all.
In the university, the mostly students live in Collective dormitory.
Some people are in favor of the idea of dormitory life.
Firstly, We can make good friends with roommates in the dormitory.
But other people stand on a different ground.
They think that we are prone to conflicts in the dormitory.
There is some truth in both arguments.
But I think the advantages of dormitories life outweigh the disadvantages.
Because if a dormitory can form a good atmosphere, then the dormitory students will abtain unexpected victory.
There is a phenomenon that many college students are interested in taking part-time job.
This phenomenon exists for a number of reasons.
First, many bosses pay more attention to social experience.
So more students take part-time job to gain experience.
Second, the society and people in society are very complicated, so more students think that they need adapt theirseves to the society.
Third, many students think that the college life should colorful, and part-time job is part of it.
As a college student, I also did many part-time job.
My main reasoning is the third.
Wasting is so popular in our society that many people regard it as a natural thing.
Underlying their views are ground that if you can not eat more food, you must throw it into the dustbin.
A deeper insight into the problem, however can find that our earth has a lot of rescourses , but those rescourses are limited not unlimited.
If allowed to run its course, it would cause dried up the rescourses.
It must be kept in mind that wasting in harmful with our next generations.
Nowdays, the phenomenon of online education has been brought into focus.
First at all, the people who study online think that it is very convenient , they can save a lot of time spend to waiting bus or go to school by foot.
Second, in the past if you have something not know how to do it, will go to the local library to find the answer, which spend plently time.
but now you just need click the mouse, then a lot of websits will appear in front of you.
However, not all the materials on the Internet are correct, sometimes they are fals.
We are pleased to tell you that shipment of the goods under S/C NoJ-29 has been made on board s.
s. PEARL, and we will make a partial shipment by s.
The college is place to love.
There is too much constraint.
Can know a lot of new students.
The college is very big.
It is a small society.
In the college study is not to score.
Just to work I had the time I want to go to the library and participate in community activities.
Nowdays, online shopping has become a fashion.
Oline shopping also has some advantages.
For example, It can save time and energy, people can spend less time choose their need thing and choose widely.
But It has disadvantages.
In my point, clothes and some necessary commodities don't buy on the net, because mail these need to spend time.
Change and retreat is more trouble.
If you want to buy books and somthing unimportant, you can buy it on the net.
It is a pleasure that you'll be one of us as an exchange student.
Tianjin is an attractive city with fascinating scenes.
It can be hot and humid in summer while quite freezing in winter.
So, it's a good choice to take more clothes with you.
What's more, our class is a warm family.
We have strong appetites for knowledge and are ready to give others a helping hand as well.
I hope you could introduce yourself, your school life and the American culture to us, so that we can make your acquaintance.
William Shakespeare says, Do not, for one repulse, give up the purpose that you resolved to effect.
In faith, I only read few books.
But I still impressive about Robinson Crusoe.
When I seriously turned over the last page and finished reading this story which has zigzag and ups and downs plot.
I thought I really shock by it.
Protagonist Robinson enjoys sailing as a child, once he left home for three times to travel across South America.
One day, he said goodbye to his family and carried forward lofty ideal which he traveled around four seas to sail.
When crossing Atlantic and Pacific ocean, they experienced much danger.
Later the whole ship unluckily sank at Pacific Ocean.
He is the only live man who survived the shipwreck.
And he went to an uninhabited island alone.
He reclaimed wasteland, raised domestic animals and produced rise and wheat.
It's like this that he lived with loneliness year after year.
Later he rescued a native called Friday  .
He battled of wits with the wild animals and battled of courage with the savages.
He got over all kinds of difficulties that people could'nt imagine, and created a survival home for himself with laborious both hands.
Once someone said, 'as a person we should learn how to survive firstly'.
Robinson didn't make any great things and lived like us.
There are thousands of difficulties in life, but it also coexists many wonderful things and happiness.
We should excavate and experience it, then we will get more.
I believe in my life, although it's very common.
I can't read English passages quickly.
So I plan to read more ang practice.
So I plan to improve myself by listening to the radio and TV.
I'm hoping for great progress.
A study done by The North American Association for the Study of Obesity showed that there is, in fact, correlation between the activity of a person and the presence or absence of certain health problems.one people who are always staying on the armchair long time will suffer all kinds of diseases.
First , they can go for a jog, walk instead of driving, or partake a healthy club.or join an athletic squad .
Fast track was proposed for stimulating the economy and helping achieve a balanced trade of the U.
Factors leads to these results are: first, the movement of foreign direct investment by the U.
S. to Mexico and Canada; second, the sustained and substantial appreciation of the U.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
Having been a member of the after-school activities club for a long time, I made lots of progress.
Furthermore, it is the English movies that i watched to improve my Engilsh skills.
In my opinion, to choose which activitie you will join in, you shuold think carefully.
Today an increasingly number of people believe that wealth is more important than wealth.
Nevertheless, I think health is necessary to us.
Health is important to us.
Because of good body, you can enjoy you life and study.
It is the basis of life.
I also think health is the base of wealth.
If you are not healthy, you would not have the chance enjoy you wealth.
I attend an electronic products fair in New York, which lasted for a week.
College is a full of culture atmosphere place.
College is linked with our civilization.
When I was high school , go to college is my dream .
Finally , I become a college student .
Secondly, I am thirsty in college life .
In my heart , college should is a free show stage .
You can improve yourself.
Else , we are also sure to look many interesting books and improve our knowledge level .
In other words , college is a fantastic place .
In order to come true our dream .
Exchanging with your parents is a good way to grow to mativity.
As we know, frustration is one of the part in life, it is important and must for people.
But nowadays, more and more students in college can not deal with frustration.
For example, in a competition, some students can not face failure.
So, they unhappy everyday, even to the extent that, they fear to attention other compettions.
Because they aways get parent's spoil he or she is god on family, they couldn't do anything ever.
So, I think perents should let children learn the independence, the students should learn to saving probleam oneself and believe in youself.
An idea to change things.
As university students, our life in university have a new interesting.
Like live in university, I like my room.
At university I make new friends.
I define the college life will become wonderful.
First of all, if we want to study together, there will always be people who will be late because of personal factors.
And then, Our campus obtains beautiful environment and positive to learning, but we cannot keep the indoor environmental of sanitation.
The last point, we seldom go to the library.
At least, we have a very deep friendship.
A harmonious dormitory life importance is to establish a profound friendship can let a person fell fortunately.
When exams are coming, a lot of student feel dizzy as a result of psychological burden.
First of all, you should make a list of review progress.
Second, don't stay up late before exams, cause you are in need of enough energy.
Third, it's important to you to sleep well.
A cup of milk and taking a shower before you sleep will also do good to your sleep.
Body language is important in many cases.
Some ideas go through my head when it comes to body language.
No doubt that body language seems significant and necessary in many cases.
Like giving a speech in public, showing you great appreaction at the family party.
In my opinion, there is no simple answer to the question of why body language is important.
But we can deeply feel it in some common situations.
Body language can shorten the distance between you and your audiences and help you set up confidence.
Let's take my firend may as an example.
Last month she took part in the English speech contest.
It's her first time to give a speech in public.
Together being asked several questions by the foreign teachers.
To my surprise, she behaved like a professional speaker.
Whenever she referred a complicated word of expression, she explained that with a speacial gesture.
For example, when she meationed someone with both feet on the ground  .
She stamped her feet with hands pointing at.
Everyone there felt so comfortable.
In some other special situations, body language is more powerful and appropriate.
When you want to leave a moment during an important meeting.
In my life, I frequently sound a proverb is that:  the early bird catches the worm.
For example, my junior high school classmate which was not good at study, he liked playing computer, but in someday he suddenly knows that study is more essential than playing computer .
So from that time, he forced himself to study for junior high school graduation test and didn't playing computer from that time, he spent more and more time on study.
  The early bird catches the worm.
Nowadays online shopping has been a kind of interesting faction.
In fact, we know, shopping online can take many benefits to us.
For many of us, it maybe a good choice as it is more cheap and easy to purchase.
Releasing more shopping time we can do more essential or useful things.
However, it also buys some problems to us.
We must be in caution of threading and our information's losing.
Sometimes we maybe chitin by businessmen even.
In my point of view, we should shopping online from a correct way.
When we shopping online we must take attention to fine things.
Sometimes it is a key for us to protect our personal information and safety.
Many important personal informations should be kept by a right way.
Everyone needs to know Study is more important than games.
and Great is great but not only the pass.
I am no the only children of my parents and I have a brother, his name is Y and he is a smart boy.
We both love our parents very much.
As a Chinese, I like Chinese culture so much that my favourite are landscape painting and classic music.
Expect, I also like painting, reading and play basketball.
Thus it can be seen, govenment need make a rule for factories of which the mission is out of range.
The Spring Festival is the most popular festival in China.
It usually happens in January or February, but not on the same day.
Before the spring festival, people always buy something to eat, and they often clean the room.
On the morning of that day, people are going to visit their friends, and children can get the red bag, it means lucky money.
They celebrate with a big dinner, and in the evening, they usually watch a special program on TV.
Motherly love is highly praised by people, because of its naturing and selfless.
However , Fatherly love is conditional love, it is as greast as motherly love.
My father is this kind.
I remembered once I was ill , unluckily , my mother was not at home at that moment.
My father acted as a mother to take care of me, he let me take some medicines when he knew me ill.
When I make mistakes, he always point out my mistakes patiently.
In my life, my father is like a big tree to me .
under the tree, I feel happiness and safe.
I am proud of my great father.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall, both popular and both outgoing.
Nonetheless Wang Lingling 's hair is longer than Liu Lili's.
Wang Lingling likes reading, nevertheless Liu Lili likes sports.
However, they're both popular and outing.
Though Wang Lingling is more serious than Liu Lili, Liu Lili is funnier than her.
Recently, with the development of internet services, blogs has aroused wide concern.
However, the coin has two sides.
so the blog is not avoid bring us some problem.
For exemple, there are some unhealthey things when we scan it .
so it need improve.
to be honest, it just be a virtual world .
As far as im concerned , i think the advantages of blog outweigh the disadvantages.
Because the blog is convenient to communicate, everyone can create it, it hasn't rulers.
  Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I ill spend the first four sharpening the axe.
I live in Qingdao, a beautiful seaside city.
It is in the east of Shan dong province.
The people in Qingdao are very friendly.
The weather in Qingdao is also very good.
Pretty hot and wet in the summer, but it can be quiet cold in the winter.
There are many local products in Qingdao such as Qingdao beer and Lao shan green tea and so on.
Many people often say eat clams and drink beer  .
If you travel in Qingdao, you can go to many interesting places.
The wind of May is a symbol of Qingdao.
And you will feel very comfortable blowing sea breeze at the beach.
Qingdao is a gorgeous and pleasant place.
Low-carbon lifestyle means we should find a way not only can make our life comfortable but also decreas carbon dioxide's produce.
Our university school sthdent as one of sociey it's also our dety to make a low-carbon lifestyle.
In daily life we should turn off light, computer and radio after use.
what's more we could instead taxi by bus or bike when we go out.
There also many things we could do to access low-carbon lifestyle.
In our daily life we can see immoral behaviors in public at many times .
Just like spitting on overpasses, picking flower in the park , speaking loudly in the subway .
These immoral behaviors in public bing about a lot of problems .
in addition , if we keep turning a blind eye to the other people's feelings, we may loose their respect some day .
I believe no one want to be a man who has disrespected.
I think for the government , our government should punish those who have immoral behavior in public.
For us we should keep our moral cultivation and we should teach our children do what they should do in right way .
Nowadays, more and more old become lonely.
As far as I am concerned, first, their kids pay more attention to their job, in their views, getting the better things to their parents and making them live a happy life, is a good way to show their appreciation, so they ignore that their parents need their company.
what is more, some people are too busy to take good care of their parents.
And, in some cities, people live a fast pace life.
Everyday, there are a lot of job given by their bosses, the must finish them on time, so they are always tired, they have no time to chat with their parents.
Besides, some people do not want to live with their parents, because they think they are old and always disagree what they do.
Because they give us life, and give their best to us, we should take good care of them, no matter what happen.
It is a serious problem .
Nowdays, there are many unhealthy habits among college students.
The unhealthy habits directly affect collect students learning.
I think the college should strength the education of the unhealthy habits to college students.
There is only a dining hall on campus so we have to go to it for food.
I think we should solve the problem to improve the quality of our life.
  Friend, we walk together always, and those days will never come again.
A sentence, eternal love, a glass of wine.
Friend is a shoulder when we are tired, and friend also is a helping hand when we are down.
Recently, a lot of people believe that borrow money form best friend can affect the friendship.
In my opinion.
I am in favor of the second viewpoint.
As the saying goes:  a friend in need is a friend indeed  I consider that friendship is not so fragile.
In times of trouble , after we borrow money from best friend and in the tide, we should return it to friend.
Regards men as superior to women the idea in the older a generation is specially serious , The idea continued for a long time.
I consider that our society there is no real equality between men and women.
Men and women have the different social division, so they don't have full equality of treatment and position.
In the today's society, the social status of women has increased, the relationship between men and women be well.
The equality of the sexes have been presented a law.
Both men and women in marriage rights and obligations is equal.
The different sex family member's in family rights and obligations also is equal .
With the developing of China, it has been a big problem of the air we breathe.
Haze has severely threatened our health.
As a consequence, the fog has become a serious problem in China.
The biggest reason which caused the haze I think may be the development of the industry.
The cars running on the road, putting out its terrible smell.
The severe environment problem have reminded us that if we do not take acton at once, the environment will be destroyed.
What we can leave our posterity behind may be nothing but the desolate earth.
The first action we should take may be limit the factories to put out the terrible smell.
In addition, stopping the endless building is also necessary.
Last but not least, we everyone should protect the air.
There is a will, there is a way.
In view of the computers'development, quite a few people are trapped into the anxiety that the computer technologies will replace the teachers and increase the unemployment rate.
In their opinions, it's possible that the teachers'occupations will be replaced by the popular computers in the near future.
However, for my part, it will never take place.
First and foremost, teachers are always the lamps to light up our path.
The jobs of being teachers are respected by all the people.
Perhaps, it's convenient and easy to get the information from the computers, but the computers will never discuss with you seriously, except the teachers.
In the next place, teachers are the most direct and emotional advisors.
They are more genial than the computers that it's only be regarded as a tool.
Although it can supply us with larger amount of knowledge, please remember the fact that the computer is created by human beings.
It can be seen that the people 's brain is more agile than the machines.
Finally, teaching is a symbol of educating children.
Teachers are the most influential person during the students grow up.
They teach them how to distinguish right or wrong, black or white.
Even how to be a righteous person.
  This is the true portraiture of teachers.
Going across the road when the traffic lights turn green is an important part of it.
further, I hold my opinion that drivers should drive as slowly as possible.
Traffic a big problem for ourself in a big city like Jinan.
If you want to go shopping.
Please take bus to where you go.
I like go someplace by bus.
Also it can make me see some great signs.
I like this way.
But seriously polution will make your city traffic go worse.
So i wish more people can keep the environment.
As Martin Luther King once said, I have a dream.
She wanted to relish the miracle in silence.
According to the chart which is about Shanghai in pollution, It can be obvious to us that vehicles accounted for 50 per cent of pollution.
In my opinion, the damage of smoking to our health and environment is much larger than vehicle's.
In 2014, my first English writing class.
I think is very funny.
In the class, English writing teacher Ms su is very funny words , but she is strict with us.
Secondly my classmates is active in class.
Last term, English writing teacher is Oscar.
Although I have some, I want to study hard in order to succeed.
Sometimes Ms su have told interesting stories to us.
That makes me spirit.
Then my first English writing class content is so divertingness.
Content is to write a favorite things or items.
So share I want to say.
My first English writing class let me very unfogettable.
Gradually, I have been initiativing to learn.
Nowadays, with the improvement of information and computer technologies, there appears a problem that would the computer replace the teacher in the near future.
On the average, people may not support computers but I support it.
I think if we take the essence and discard the dregs computers will replace teachers.
As we all know, teachers always treat a student whom is hard-working and have a good grade with a favor.
But I think it may make others are left in the cold and make them did not like studying any more.
Nevertheless, one computer only helps one student so there not exist that problem.
What calls for special attention is that students always pass the buck to the teacher.
If computers replace teachers, the student could not pass the buck.
Moreover, the teacher may use a lot of time to do the back-breaking job but it is much easier for the computer.
All in all, I am in favor of that computers will replace teachers.
The reason is many students don't like English, so they listen English class thing something.
On the hand, they aren't interesting in English class, on the other hand, they think study English useless.
Because theirs think English is not important in the future.
Spell English become careful-less.
Next, we grew up in the information age and dependent on translation instrument.
This kind of behavior is wrong.
The reasons for this phenomenon as follows : Firstly, merchants want to earn more money , so that they packaging goods originality and wasteful .
to draw customer's are very good faces of , the leads to the trend of over packaging .
In my opinion , we should take effective measures now .
Government must lay down the law to bound merchants , the most principal , as a customer, we should , we should have the consciousness that waste is shameful , saving is glorious .
I think that parrots make the best pets.
First, they can live for up to fifty years.
As a reasut, they can stay with you for a long time.
Second, It's easy for them to respond your emotions.
For example, they can make you happy.
Third, Parrots are really smart.
what's more, parrots can make you not to feel loney anymore.
If you say something, they can probably repeat you.
They can not only sing, but only make some funny sounds to bring you happiness.
In most universities and colleges, there are many exams set for the students.
The intention is obvious to exam the students' level but of course the marks one student can get is an essential factor to final grades.
From my point of view, cheating in exams is an dishonest behaviour.
There is no need to cheat if you only want to pass the exams but not to master the knowledge .
As a university student , we everyone should take a great responsibility to our study.
Though I don't do very well in all my subjects, Never do I think of being a thief , just to cheat more answers.
Because I know that this not good behaviour may lead to a bad result, that is honesty-losing.
As we konw , campus life is very beautiful and interesting.
There is no denying the fact that I have colorful campus life.
I remember the first day I came to the college.
I came to the dorm early.
And then I washed the dorm and I did my utmost to clean the dorm .
When the other student came to the dorm, they could't believe that it was so clean.
They mistook me was a cleaner.
In fact, it is so funny to me .
It is conceivable that the dorm's environment is very important to live.
Finally, my dorm's friend were very happy to see the clean environment.
In a word, we have a good beginning to start our beautiful campus life.
It is just a simple example to my interesting campus life .
Nowadays, different kinds of university ranking spring up.
Views on this phenomenon vary from person to person.
Some people hold out that the university is neccessary.
it provides information for students especially those who is going to universities.
Students can make decisions after they refer to it.
Secondly, to some extent it make the universities enhance their overall strength.
however, other people have different opinions.
They think it is needless to rank university.
Every university has its advantages.
University ranking has its unilateralism.
As far as I am concerned, we should use the usual mind to regard it.
As a saying goes, every coin has two sides.
