Second, working is a vital thing.
I really have interested in Chinese language and literature.
I wish I can work in Confucius Institute.
I can practice my oral English as well as spreading Chinese culture.
That will be useful.
I wish I can be well-paid.
Third, I think I can have a colorful spare time in the future because I really love travelling and reading.
What's more, I wish I can have a healthy body to support me making my all dreams come true.
All they need to do is to sit on the armchair and click the mice.
The Spring Festival and the Christmas have a lot in common, for example, firstly, they both celebrated in winter.
Secondly, like the western Christmas, the Spring Festival is the most essential festival in China.
Both in western countries and eastern countries, everyone will return home to spend this day with their families.
Besides similar aspects, they have different aspects.
First , one is western festival , the other is eastern festival .
The developent of literature in china has a very long history.
The development of the ancient literature has not ceased.
China has a lot of famous writer, they work with us to grow.
There are four Chinese literature classics  The water margin    The romance of The Three Kingdoms    A Dream in Red Mansions    Journey to the west These works were made into films spread all over the world.
Literature have important influence on our lives and social development.
Each are literature represents the different social and cultural development trend.
In a word, literature not only has great influence in society and also has great importance in your life.
Traditionally, they promise to love each other for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health.
As a saying goes, it is never too old to learn.
When we human beings born in the world primitively, all of us are obviously unsophisticated.
So we have to learn to live.
The first teachers are us parents.
They teach us how to move slowly, how to eat softly, also how to fall asleep quietly.
They are a kind of teachers who really be good forever.
The second teachers are school teachers, they give us useful knowledge carefully, of course, we will use it in our life time whenever and wherever possible, so it is very important to listen to the teachers earnestly in school states.
Besides, I think the most important thing in life is our teacher.
Because we can gain experience from failure, what we do depends on what we think.
So it is necessarily to think what life is ourselves.
Time is money.
As the saying goes, An inch of time is worth an inch of gold  .
Unfortunately, although people know the value of time, they have been always wasting time.
Some people use their time to watching Tv, surfing on internet, playing computer games and so on.
In my opinion, I think we should form the good habit of saving time, do not put off what can be done today till tomorrow.
A famous chinese saying goes like this, Time can not be purchased with gold  .
As a student, I should use my time to finish my homework on time.
lt's not surprising that there is much love around me.
My parents always stand by my side when l am in trouble, and then encourage me to be more confident to solve these problems.
When l get love from them, l feel happy and warm.
Therefore, l will help them to do housework or respect them to return their love.
From all these years in my life, Dan must be the weirdest person I have ever seen.
I was in the drive-training center all this summer to make full preparation for my driving test.
He is slim, medium height and looks really funny.
And he has a crew cut and a thin face with a high-cheek-boned.
His clothes are usually the casual one.
On a hot summer day, he always wears a T-shirt and jeans when he comes to the drive-training center.
People who meet him for the very first time probably consider him as a some kind of scholar.
But he enjoys to grinning to people around him with his deep-set eyes.
It is definitely kind of creepy, though.
Just imagine, a person who simply smile to you without any excuses.
He is so different from other people in a peculiar way.
Generally, you should train yourself for almost 2 or 3 months to make sure you are qualified to pass the test.
He hit the stake intentionally every time he drove .
No one could figure out why he did this.
And finally, I asked him why he did it.
As far as I am concerned, Dan surely has widened my horizon.
And his oddness and unique thoughts would not be forgotten.
Famous British educator Hayek said: Every adult should be, and must bear full responsibility for his own.
English is very import in the social now.
It is very useful in our life .
If you learn english well, you can get more occasions in now social.
English is one of the most import lesson for us.
It takes on a large part in our study.
In fact I dislike English of all subject with out of the my life .
One years ago i am not good at english .
But now i think i really is good at English .
And very importiant of you is you must listen linsten listen and read read read and write write write of course is my impover my English ways but I want tell you this way will change your english just a litte hour for one day that your do anything.
Go through you soul when you are a kid .
The summer vacation is coming soon.
I was going to do a lot of things, but we only have one year to brace for the university entrance exam.
The first thing to do is to practise painting.
We will go to the head school in Fengxian and live in the school from July to August.
In the head school, we will practise painting all day long.
I believe that only in this way can we do it well.
We will prepare for the art exam in this year's December.
The second thing I should do is to improve my Maths score.
It is very essential to me.
I'm always poor at Maths.
I can't give up Maths so I must be more industrious in Maths.
This summer vacation I believe that I will be tired, but it will also be substantial.
As smooth as a mirror, the screen is a full touch one.
With slim design, the whole phone weighs only 105 grams, the body is 104mm long,49mm wide and 12mm high, and the full touch screen is 2.9 inches large.
Just like other mobile phones, my Nokia has many great functions.
However, the most exciting one is its music playing.
My first memory of school was the teaching building is brilliant.
We have grades one to twelve, and ninth to twelfth grade learn in the same floor.
My favorite activity is play basketball , because it can promote our friendship.
Our English teacher is Ms Zhang.
She's teaching method is nothing like that teachers at my Junior High school.
My best friend is KBShinya.
Nowadays, it's a common and grave phenomenon that a vast number of students don't pay attention to spelling for studying English .
From my point of view, there are possible there reasons contributing to this phenomenon .
First, students think that spelling is useless for studying English , what's more spelling is hard work , they don't find method .
As is discussed above , from my point view base on some reasons .
To deal with this problem successfully , we should be made aware of the serious consequence of misspell .
Many times , it will completely change its meaning .
Meanwhile , teachers should also attach due important to spelling .
Students should pay great attention to spelling .
I went to Hawaii for holiday this winter vacation.
It takes a long time to get there by plane and I had nothing to do during the 8 hours on plane.
Suddenly, I remembered that I had downloaded a book to my iPad.
I took it out and began to read.
While I was reading, I found that the man on my left was getting closer and closer to me.
I didn't say a word at first.
But a few minutes later, it was more than I could bear.
  He looked very sad, and he said, sorry, but your book is so interesting, I just want to read it.
You know, I was so boring.
From this histogram, we can get some in formations.
With the growth of year, the drug addicts' age was changed.
In my opinion, it's a very adverse effect that youngsters take the drug.
First, parents should teach their children far away from the drug.
Second, youngsters should take the study as the principal thing.
Besides, government should take effective measure to put on end to the drug.
As we konw, the internet brings us a lot of conwenience.
But the inseparable connection let our personal information becoming more and more insecure.
This method can reduce the risk of information leakage greatly.
Many informal website access to your personal information and then send anonymous calls or messages to you.
What's more, they might sell your information to other criminals.
These criminals may use your personal information for frauds or to steal your bank card password.
And these are the thing that has real happened before.
So to confirm the reliability of the website in advance is very important.
It can protect information security when we need to fill out our information on the internet.
This is to certify that Miss Susan Hobson who has been worked as a secretary in our office for tow years.
During this time, Miss Susan Hobson worked hard, be loyal to her duties and honest.
And she is a competent secretary.
She has a good command of English and Genman, and can speak them fluently.
My name is D.
I am 18 years old.
I'm from Y.
I like the beautiful and busy city very much.
It can make us happy.
My favorite food is French Fries, because it tastes delicious.
I like listening to music especially pop music.
I dislike sports.
Because I 'm not strong, it's hard for me.
I think I'm an outgoing girl.
So in the university I have a lot of friends.
My friends are all kind to me.
They can make me happy.
In the new school I also hope myself can learn how to communicate with others.
I knew W.
I commented, There's a proverb which says that a person who has been bitten by a snake is afraid of a rope.
I'm trusting you by introducing you to them, so you might as well trust me and get to know them.
But at the same time also can bring a lot of problems, instance some one damage the museum'sthings, even destruction thire.
I am very happy you can come to China, as you best friend I will with you vist chinese scenery and places of interest.
the Great wall.
It is chinese sign.
You must will fall in love with it.
experience fairyland on earth.
Hangzhou Weast Lake is very beautiful.
Last you and me will go to the Imperial Palace.
You will understand great build and traditional culture in ancient China, and Beijing Duck is very delicious, you are sure that eat it.
You must think it is the jourmey has not been made in vain.
Though more things we learn, the difficulty being employed is still on the rise.
As a 90s, we have a common experience, we are face with more problems in go to school of a higher grade and getting a job is more and more difficult, the competition is very intense.
So we have more anxious, we can pay attention to oneself and despise work together, we are easy to failing in perseverance and easy to get discouraged, blind aspire and hopes become famous.
But we have more advantages, for example, we are very braving, we are facing challenge and do our work more quickly.
Reading, like other activities, brings unique pleasures to the readers.
Nowadays, more and more people like to read.
Because many people think books can tell them more about the world, and help them become wiser.
In fact, reading can help us with easy access to the wisdom of the ages and delighting stories.
By reading stories, people can learn more about the world.
Besides, they can relax themselves when they are reading.
Today, a quarrel occurred in my family.
I argued with my parents.
This morning, a interview of Jay Chow would be broadcast on TV.
I love Jay, so I watched the interview without doing honework.
My parents were angry and required me to do my homework.
But I insisted to watch the interview.
But I love pop music, my parents do not understand me.
I was so sad.
If you want to acquire success, you need make a plane first, but only do this is not enough.
Exists only in the mind of thoughts can not be reality, you should take real action actively.
But there have a question, is not as long as you work hard you can succeed.
It isnot everyone can get the results he want when he disburse intension.
In my oppinion, this proverb is let person know if you want to acquire success , you should forward first step, try to do everything well you can.
Do not let yourself regret.
As the saying goes The early bird catches the worm.
Ask for me, when I plan to study hard, I always tell myself Today it's the last time to relax, and tomorrow I will study hard.
This respect includes human life not only some rights the law gives to us.
The death penalty is not a solution to solve the criminal problems .
Nowadays, people have higher standard for food and drinks.
However, food safety has become a problem.
As far as I am concerned there are two reasons .
Firstly, Businessman want to get more profits, in order to make the food more delicious, they had to use food additives that are bad for our health.
Secondly, Because of the pollution of the environment, causing the food raw material has been polluted.
I think that the relevant departments should set more stringent standards for food, We should protect the environment.
The climate there is really wonderful.
Some peple think reading selectively is true .
Now, student love reading romantic fiction , the book serious influence study .
Others, however, we should reading extensively.
Because it could help to increase some knowledge, we also understand a lot of other areas , for exmple: science and technology, social activity .
There was a lot to prepare for the Spring Festival , and I take part in it.
Iposted couplets and hung lanterns with my father.
On New, year's Eve, my father and grandfather talked about work, my mother and my grandmother were busy wrapping dumplings.
At 6 o'clock, we start our dinner.
I told my study in the past year and my plan for the next year to them.
My grandfather was so happy that he drunk a lot.
At 8 o'clock, the dinner finished and we went to watch cctv's spring festival gala.
The programs were interesting.
  Three Character Classic thaw in four years, can let pear for this.
Before people have the etiquette, but now we don't have this.
We lost it.
In today's society, can be more and more people learned to reach the goal by hook or by crook, earned to gain can be despicable, learned to benefit struggles can be set to kill.
Now the competitiveness of the society more and more stronger, the to the faster pace of life also, people have more and more desires, people morals to gradually collapse.
May be The Chinese courtesy of courtesy not Suitable for modern society, but that is ancestors left To our wealth, we can't afford to lose it.
First of all, I can communicate with foreigners conveniently who can show their culture .
Secondly, it is very easy to read english books to solve some difficult problems.
Most physicians want to pay appropriate attention and want to do it ethically.
To solve this problem, physicians' organizations endorsed a Physician Charter that commits doctors to medical professionalism in the new millennium.
The first principle of a charter is the primacy of patient welfare.
Insurance was widespread, so many physicians wouldn't be reluctant to order an expensive intervention, unless it offered a good chance of substantial benefit.
It is generally recognized that most U.
My hobby is playing basketball, swimming and so on.
But in my free time, I often play computer games with my brother, we often play SanGuo games.
I often watch TV and fly a kite.
I usually go to the library to buy some books, I thinks it is good for my studys.
My friends usually invite me to his party.
I have a good time in the partty.
I am a college student, but I did not take part in social practice, my classmate is that.
In my apinion, if you want to change the status que.
First of all, during the holidays we need to take part in some social practice more, communicate with experienced people.
There are a variety of researching, while this time, we are focusing on academic area.
My favourite TV programme is The Legend Story  , this TV programme is broadcast on Jiangxi TV.
It began in the evening 9:00, and by the end of two hours.
The content of this TV program is same to its name, it shows viewer one story after another.
In my opinion, each story of this program is especially.
In these stories, one part is about the infill, one part is about the immoral, and one part is about the unfamiliar null of nature.
The reasons I like this program are quite a lot.
On the one hand, it can satisfy my curiosity, every story makes me surprised, on the other hand, from these story, I saw another side of human nature, for example, the human not moral.
The more importantly, these stories inspired me a lot.
It let me recognize, respect the natural law is extremely important.
Also let me appreciate the lack of love, life can not.
We could meet at your home.
The top students of university are enviable.
Fistly, top students are all clever but not the best .
The reason why they become top students is that hard working.
Although they have high IQ , they know : No pains , no gains.
So they always study steadfasty.
Secodly, top students always make full use of their time, they know the time is equal to everyone, but peple use it in different way, and the result of course are different.
Thirdly, top students have a strong ability what they can put themselvese into things deeply.
After knowing the top students' unique advantages, I determine to follow them.
Once, I was determined to go to study so hard that I tested to the first class during an exam.
However, my teacher didn't believe me and she thought that I had cheated.
I studied much harder, not only did a lot of exercises, but also as long as the subject would not understand, I consulted students everywhere until understood them.
The result of hard work was that I tested as the first in class again.
I suppose that playing basketball is the best way to exercise.
Consequently, I have poured much time on it.
When I watch the Park of Basketball, excitement abounds in my heart.
As you can see, the best basketball players in the world gathered in the NBA, show themselves on the court.
Maybe it is not only a kind of sports, but also a great lesson, which encourages us to pursue our dreams.
When we grow old, we can say: I have no pity.
Normally, being in good health is our first dream.
As time goes, many of us are not much healthier than before.
All of us have our dream, and I am only an ordinary boy with my dream.
I just intend to be a healthy boy.
Sports go ahead, then health follows.
Everyone should be in good health, and then they can do anything that they intend to do.
If you don't have a healthy body, you can do nothing.
From the picture, we can see choose the biggest holiday at home people proportion , is thirty eight percent.
While twenty seven percent of people choose to travel abroad.
The other twenty four percent of people choose the movies and friends sing to spend the holiday.
I think the holiday has many benefits.
It is exciting to visit different places.
As you travel , you will see beautiful scenerise typical of the region.
Besides, you can meet and make friends with people of different colors and races.
Finally, you can get to know to customs and living habits of the local people.
The main reason why people travel is, perhaps, for pleasure.
For example, having worked hard throughout the weekdays, people will find a widened trip to the nearby mountains or beaches a real relaxation .
On the other hand a vacation zt home also has a lot of benefits.
Such as cultivation of body ang mind with family.
Each peoples mind , so choose a holiday the way is different also.
Every children are eager for happy childhood when they are young.
They have good self-control.
Thank you for writring me.
Every workday, we should get up at 6:00a.m and quickly eat breakfast and go to school at 6:45a.m.
At school, we should hand in our homework before the first lesson.
We have Chinese, Maths, English, Physics, Chemistry, History, Geography, Political, PE, Music class and art.
When the classes are over, we have to go home quickly and write our homework until 11:30p.m.
As we know, in China, children go to school when they are three years old.
From which we can see China attaches great importance to citizens' education.
For an individual, first of all, we can learn basic life common sense of all aspects such as physics, chemistry, math and so on by receiving education.
Secondly education teaches us how to get along with others and how to integrate into society.
From what has been discussed above, we can draw a conclusion.
Education has been significant progress in the daily life of human beings.
Only through education can we improve our comprehension of things and find the way forward.
At the same time, it also improves the quality of people's lives.
As is vividly depicted in the drawing, in front of the table, people are playing their mobile phone without any conversation, ignoring the dishes.
It holds to apparent that the picture is indicative of pervasive problem with regard to people mobile phone.
People are able to integrate some classmates and invite their friends by cell phone messages.
As we all know, mobile phones can bring people great convenience and shorten the distence among friends.
However, as a growing number of individuals are addicted to mobile phones, more and more people prefer to connect others by phone rather than communicating.
Wha's worse, people become indifferent to their friends, neighbours, as well as relatives.
In my opinion, communication is nessary to our life.
Mobile phones are just tools to get along better with each other.
I have a large family, include my father, mother, and my bother.
My dad is a sourness men and he gives me a lot of good ideas when I make a decision and when I am confused.
I am extremely honnor to my dad and I am very thanks for him.
My mom is a beautiful and kindly lady, she loves me extremely.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.
She is thirty years old.
Mrs Sun is kind and friendly.
but sometimes she will be strict.
Mrs Sun is a good teacher.
when we got bad marks, she will tell us not to give up hoping, and help us to get good marks.
sometimes she will be angry with us, but we know, she loves us.
When I was unhappy she will make me happy.
With the development of society, graduates more and more.
pressure of society.
I would like to make friends with you, I also want to spend the 3 years of college life with you.
Christmas is coming.
People also be full of happily .
They always have a great time with their family or friends.
Nowadays, more and more people go to the cities consequently the cities become overcrowding.
Therefore there are many problems in the cities.
First of all, the traffic become inconvenient.
People go to work by bus or subway always in the crowed situation and sometimes they should wait a long time because the vehicles are too crowed to admit a person more.
Secondly, the natural resources such water and electricity are consumed a lot thus cause the resources tight.
Based on the problems, I consider that we should take some measures to solve them.
On the one hand, our country could continue to take the family planning policy to control the number of population, which may solve the problems fundamentally.
On the other hand, the nation should carry out some policy to promote country development so that the countrymen can earn their living in their hometown.
As is known to us , many college students are wanting in social practices.
But who can tell us why many college students don't take an interest in taking part in social practice.
But the fact is that some college students keen to take part in social practices .
Though things always have two sides , taking part in social practices do more good than harm.
It is true that taking part in social practices occupies our free time to study or play.
But college students benefit a lot from taking part in social practices .
Taking part in social practices can improve interpersonal skills, through chatting with others.
Taking part in can make us more good to adapt to the society .
Thirdly taking part in social practices can practice our practical ability .
Last but not least nothing is more important than taking part in social practices to college students.
We all know that as the improvement of China people's living standards, the computer be used by more and more people, especially in youth.
However, when they use a computer, some bad habit would result that short-sighted of eyes.
As for me, when we play the computer, we need a bright condition.
Otherwise, we should have a rest when we use computer for a long time.
I cannot remember the not-so-little things during this holiday, but it has influenced my life.
As I think of the summer holiday, mixed emotions come flooding back.
After I handed in the final exam paper, I with some friends got on the train to DaZhou, in which we would take up our part-time job-as a teacher.
It was obviously difficult for us to start our work.
First, we had to rent a house, or we would live on the streets.
Then, we started to advertise our training institution.
Although it was terrible that the burning sun made us tired, we stuck to receiving every student and his or her parents happily.
At the same time, we had to explain all kinds of questions from them.
As an English major, it was reasonable for me to teach English.
I taught middle school students who were very active and friendly, they studied hard and were interested in chatting with me.
Sometimes, they invited me to fish and climb mountain.
Besides, I taught a boy separately afternoons, he called me sister and usually bought some delicious food for me.
A month was short, but memories were everlasting.
During the summer holiday, I learnt how to teach students properly, how to overcome some unexpected trouble and how to be a friend as well as a teacher .
Very few schoolmate our school and our school is poor in resources.
We have difficulty with learning, but there is no one but longs to go to college.
It was then that I noticed the expression reading The early bird catches the worm.
In 2 years after Miss Emily's father's death, Colonel Sartories, the town's previous mayor, has suspended Emily's tax responsibilities to the town, justifying the action by claiming that Mr.
let me tell about it.
At 8:30, he gets up and washes.
At 8:45, he eats healthy breakfast.
At 9:00, he does homework carefully.
At 10:30, he does sports at park.
At 13:00, he has computer lessons or English lessons.
At 18:30, he eats a little food for supper.
At 20:30, he puts things away.
At 21:30, he goes to bed.
After father left, mother said to me mysteriously, He will come back soon.
What I mean is, with distance learning from the Internet, students are no longer forced to study at certain time.
Last but not least, distance learning not only benefits ordinary people, but is convinient for students with disabilities to study from the Internet.
For the disabled students who have difficulties in going to schools, that colleges offer qualifications through distance learning from the Internet  is definitely a good news.
One aspect is the distance learning from the Internet will improve fast and provide everyone with equal opportunity.
The progress of science and technology is bringing us much convenience.
So, e-books are popular among the young people.
Many young people think that e-books can function as a symbol of fashion.
There is no doubt that e-books can become the good method of learning more knowledge about the world.
If you possess an e-book, you will not need wasting lots of time to find the book in the library which you want to read.
Comparing with the traditional books, e-books have more strong points.
For instance, e-books don't take up much space, at the same time, e-books are very light.
You can go to everywhere with your e-book.
  There are some disadvantages of using e-books.
It is possible for us to be addicted to it.
We may become lazy because we needn't finding books in the library.
If we are always stared at the screen, we will have a lasting influence on our eyesights.
Different kinds of e-books have different quality.
Some e-books are of poor quality which will have radiation.
In my opinion, e-books make our daily lives more abundant.
We can keep pace with the times.
It is important for us to know that we should the ture action to use the e-books.
We should try our best to give free rein to e-books'advantages.
In a word, making best use of the advantages and avoid the disadvantages.
I want to study English for three reasons .
First, in the international community, English is world language which is world's broadest use of language.
Second, if we learn English, not only can we grasp a living skill , but also we can communicate with foreigners to broaden our horizon.
In wy heart, wherever you come from, whatever you are beautiful or urgly, you can or to be a hero.
First, maybe they are just ordinary persons, like the leading character in our article.
Few years ago, a college student passed away, due to save a child who fall into the water.
The man need not have done it, he could just stand there or call the policemen.
But he not, his responsiblity said no  in his mind.
So under the  Somebody had to go in the water  , he made a choice that change his live with the little boy.
Only minutes before, he was walking down the street, but then he became a hero.
second, in most of children's heart, there parents are heroes.
I still remember a very moved thing which I haved watched on television.
A family encountered a flood.
They couldn't exist together in that situation, so they lifted their child highly to save him.
otherwise, these qualifies can't form in a short time, I can't believe a selfish person can use his live to save others.
Nowadays pollution has become an increasing concern in China.
When talked about pollution, it always occurs to us that the industrial activities take the most part of the reasons.
Actually there are diverse approaches which have made the increasing pollution.
Obviously worries and complains are of no use changing this situation.
We need take some feasible measures for the sake of our sustainable development.
Firstly, the government should strengthen supervision and management of the environmental protections during the economic development.
In another respect, as factories and farms, forming a strong sense of social responsibility and strictly comply with pollutant emission standards is important.
Last but not least, living healthily is our common dream.
It depends on both government and every ordinary citizen to make this dream come true.
I have been believe that the love between parent and child can never change .
My mother never spend money to dress up myself, one clothes of my mother can wear for many years, but every year she bough some new clothes for me.
This is my mother with my friend's mother of obvious of dissimilarity.
When I failed, my father would scold me for being incompetent and angry for my failure to bring him trouble.
From my mother there, I learn thrifty and strong.
The most important thing is that I learned what love is.
Some of them think that students can get online frequently.
The reasons are as follow: First, they think Internet can help them with their homework.
They can surf the Internet to get information and widen their kownledge.
Second, they can chat with their friends via the Internet though they live far away from their friends, it is convenient.
And they also share happy things with their friends.
Besides , they can enjoy themselves online.
The others hold different opinion.
They don't think it's good for students to get online frequently.
They think it's bad for students'eyes, and make more and more students have to myopia.
And lots of people indulge in chatting online and playing computter games, and make their marks be lower and lower.
But, in my view, every coin has two sides.
The internet has lots of advantage.
But you con't use it well, it may be bad for your study.
So I think it important to control youerselves and arrange your study well.
College is colourful and it can improve myself.
I come here .
I want I must exercise myself and more change.
We shouldn't spend much time making friends and playing games .
But I always spend too much time making friends and playing games.
The most exciting moment of the year is the Spring Festival.
On that day, I got up earlier than usual, and then I put on my new clothes to welcome New Year.
In the afternoon, many relatives came to my home and brought lots of gifts for us.
  to each other.
On New Year's Eve, we all enjoyed the nice diner that cooked by my mom and aunt.
We not only watched the Spring Festival Gala, but also got together to chat each other.
The night sky was filled with fireworks, which is just like a colourful flower.
We went downstairs and set off fireworks.
The old year past, the new year comes.
It was when I chose my university prefessionals that I had a quarrel with my parents.
In my opinion my interests was the leading factor, and what I majored in should be based on my likes.
However, my pareNts thought I should chose the subjects which could bring me a promising future.
When I refused to do so, they said me inexperienced and childish, but I thought they are outdate and stubborn.
we niether gave in, and couldn't make an agreement.
A quarrel hanpened in this way.
There are many people interested in western culture.
An excellent speech maker should not only express what he wants to say.
The following are a few suggestions.
Firstly, speech is not like writing, you should use simple words and less complex sentences.
At the beginning of the speech, you should know about the audiences' expectation and essential information of the speech.
Secondly, after much cogitation, you must arrange your mentality and control the time.
You must have confidence and breath deeply.
Then, you could make the best of visual skills.
You can look at your audiences and don't stare at computer screen or notes all the time.
As is known to us all, there is a trend that more and more tend to live a low-carbon life nowadays.
In gerneral, Low-carbon lifestyle is composed of three aspects.
First of all, in agriculture , much more organic festiles are taking the place of chemical festiles, which does make a great difference in protect-ing farmlands and rivers from being destroyed.
Then, many factories will cope with wasted water in case that it floods into rivers.
Last but not least, in our daily life, we would rather reuse water than pour it out imediately.
On the one hand, if one sits in front of computer for a long time , he will feel tired in his eyes and body.
On the other hand, SOHO lifestyle can help people solve the problem about oil shortage and global warming.
It also can help people save the cost of comuting.
Regardless of any lifestyle, suitable oneself is the best.
In the west there are many festivals , for example, Christmas day, Carnival, Halloween and so on.
The earliest mother's day is to honor the Greek festival of rhea, the mother of the gods .
In this day, go out in the outside of young people will return to their home, to bring small gifts for their mothers.
In the many places in the world are celebrating mother's day, because this day is the best day of the gratitude to our mom .
Nowday, more and more people likes pets.
Most of people apprive keeping pets, because it seemd very lovely , beautiful, if your mood is bad, you can speak with this little pets .
you can take it to where ever you want to go .
Also, some people doesn't approve keeping pets , they will say:  i don't have enough time to take care it, I need work , study , play.
and it very trouble sometimes, To take a shower, food for it , if them ill , we need take them to see a doctor.
We all know that the Olympic is the whole word' games .
Every nation and every sportier all think that they can win the goal.
They do their best to flight and they can do well.
During the Olympic , every nation must have peace with each other .
While the Internet has greatly impacted how to learn, education doesn't simply means learning to acquire iformation because of the following two factors.
Thus while putting emphasis on education, we should cultivate the youngsters' awareness obtaining the knowledge in many aspects rather than just by the Internet.
There will be a foreign language training for all the department manager at 9.00 a.m next Monday.
Department manager should attend to develop foreign language ability.
At that time I thought it would be a fancy time , when I even could recognise some foreigners , who would talk with us in smoothly English , because I have never talked with foreigners .
I stayed silently until the class is over .
Though I knew my teacher wanted to help me , I felt hurt actually.
The class of the third week is peace and harmony .
I just wanted you to know that I didn't like the way you behave.
You know, I'd like to see an out-going you.
Exaggerated as the picture is, the phenomenon behind it is rather thought-procking .
with the development of high-tech equipment , especially smart phones, people in growing numbers tend to become addicted to the excessive use of them.
Judging from the evidence above, certain measures should be taken.
Firstly , certain institutions in China should launch relevant campaigns to limit the excessive ust of cellphones.
An increasing number of college students are long for studying to the foreign.
We know, increasingly students and parents pay attention to the overseas education.
There is no doubt that studying abroad we can widen our horizon and it's easier for us to find a better job in our country .
In addition, if we have studied in the other countries, our English and knowledge skills can be improved vastly.
However, overseas study may cause something problem arise.
Firstly, studying abroad is a huge cost, which will become parents' economic burden.
Besides, chinese students has difficulty in adjusting themselves for the culture of the foreign if they learn a little about it.
Surely, study abroad is a good way to imrove ourselves.
First of all, I think teaching is an interactive process, it require to fit in each other.
Maybe some teachers think he is a good teacher, but his students find he has many dis vantage in his classroom, just like speed to fast, the methods of teaching is boring.
Seccondly, if the students can tell the teacher this way of your teaching we can't stand it, please change the way of your teaching, it will better than just stand and keep silence for the resect of the teacher.
We spend money to school is to learn.
At last, in other hand, I can't understand why some people said make comments or even criticism on teaches will let the respect and discipline in the classroom will disappear.
If winter comes, the leaves on the trees dorp light, the north wind whistling.
Snow give the children a lot of coyness.
  so that I can learn more information that is useful for me.
Secondly, I dream that my study will be better and I'll get better grades so that I will be able to have a better life.
The weather becomes more and more cold bofore winter.
My classmates who can not bear the cold weather have worn their weight coats.
I am not afraid of the cold weather and do not wear the heavy clothes, so all my classmates say I am stronger than them.
personally speaking, I thingk the cold weather is better than the hot weather.
During the summer vocations I always stay at home, because I can not stand the high temperature.
However, during the winter holidays I would not stay at home.
I will go out with my partners to play soccer ball or other sports.
So I feel comfortable in this weather.
Sometimes the weather would be very fine, I will go camping to come close to nature.
Sometimes, the story is thought-provoking.
Reading can improve self-cultivation edify sentiment, feeling the world beautiful, confidence in life.
In short, literature plays an important role in our life.
Reading can build information to improve our ability.
We should enjoy the pleasure of reading.
Why lot of students choose to do part-jobs, in my eyes and experience, i think, we are now in the aweward age.20 years olds , we have ability to earn money but our parents think that we are students, so we must study hard in university, in our heart, we think that we should to find part-jobs in which way parents can pay less.
Along with the rapid growth of science.
Computer has become increasingly in our daily life.
Nowadays.
Computers have been utilized in every field.
The thing lead to computer replace people.
Then it must let an increasingly number of people lose their jobs.
And many people used to computer's high-tech make many crimes.
They make better use of the computer to do some harm to society.
At that.
Computer can put out radiation harm the body.
If people long time to study and work in front of a computer.
Taking into accounts all of these factors.
We have reached the realization that computer only is a tool.
Switzerland is where I most want to go.
It is situated in the cental of Europe, covering an area of 41,000 square kilometers and having a population of about 7,500,000 people.
There is so much smart because an increasing number of people attach importance to pratect the environment against pollution, so that Switzerland is called the garden of the world.
Switzerland is totally fascinating.
One a cold winter.
A farmer walking on the way to home , he found a snake, the snake lying on the road does not move.
At first he thought the snake was dead, then he found the snake was forze.
He put the snake in her bosom with his body temperture to wake him.
When he put the snake woke with his body, The snake finally can move his body.
When it had become strong enough, the snake was cruel nature, this snake killed the farmer.
This story is told, a man must distinguish between good and evil.
Only the hand is stretched out to the good people.
I think that I can remember my first travel was in 2010 .
I'm went to world expo in shanghai with my mother.
I remember my first trip to mount tai in when I was six years old.
I with my mother and my father went to there.
We went to there by train.
It was very fun although it was very slow.
I very like taking the train.
When we get there, we entered the hotel.
The next day we went to climb mount tai and we saw the trees and clouds and stream.
We ate the mount tai pancake.
I very like this trip because the trip not only is my first trip but also it is very fun.
Literature is acknowledged as the most precious product of human civilization and wisdom.
There are mainly two kinds of opinions.
On the one hand, a good literature can get us to know more abundant life experience through the eyes of someone other than yourself, no matter how it is a great wealth for us, on the other hand, reading literature can help us to improve ourselves quality, which is great help to show our own personality glamour.
My name is D.
I come from T city, P province.
My hometown is near the sea, it is very beautiful and the sea is very wide.
In my spare time, I like shopping, reading and go climbing with my friend, I'm an outgoing girl.
Now I am major in Business English.
And they also believe that the money can help their parents become happier so they just leave their parents at home lonely.
Money doesn't mean everything in our life and it can not bring happiness to everyone.
Nowadays, reading becomes an important tool or the method to gain knowledge.
Personally, i think reading selectively is an attitude and reading extensively is a skill.
In his opinion, reading selectively is also important .
I have learnt an extremely inspiring aphorism created by Mr.
Francis Bacon -Histories make men wise; poets witty, the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
Now I believe reading is not for us to find a good job but improve ourselves , enrich our mind and widen our sight.
So as Mr Bacon said, I think it's necessary for us university students to read the books that can develop our accomplishment of personal ability such as philosophy, art, literature and so on.
Therefore, I read some brilliant books recently.
I'd like to recommend the The history of Western Philosophy written by Russell to you.
It told about the history of the evolution of western philosophy and personal ideas of Russell.
Even though not having finished the reading yet, I have been appealed to it deeply and started to look at the world in another way.
Finally, I hope we can share our ideas about the books we read in the university frequently.
Nowadays university merger has become a major concern around China.
Some universities become famous after the merger, such as The Jiangsu Institude Of Education.
Attitudes towards this issue vary greatly.
Those people who think university merger is reasonable believe that it can expand the scale of a university, extend the University faculties.
Also, university merger may change the situation that some universities are lack of students and increase the popularity of the universities.
The merger is conducive to the development of the university.
While others believe that not only does university merger make universities lose its original features, but also limit the self-development of the universities.
Even worse, the merger can be means of annexation that do harm to other universities.
As far as I am concerned, university merger conforms to the trend of the times.
The reasons are as follows.
Firstly, university merger can provide more professional options for students.
Secondly, it can bring a lot of benifits to university.
Last but not least, the merger can provide the university with a beautiful future.
First I will take part in the college's activities positive.
My friend is a girl who is at the age of fourteen.
She is thin and quite tall with short black hair.
She always smiles.
Everyone can make friends with her easily.
In recent years the Internet has changed the way do our shopping.
More and more people like online shopping , not only young people but also some old.
It's seem that everyone likes shopping on line.
First of all, with the development of science and technology, the Internet make our life more colorful and convenient.
Especially shopping on line, we can shop at anytime and anywhere just with a mobile phone or a computer.
Secondly, there are many kinds of goods on online store, such as clothes, foods, electrical product etc.
Although online shopping has many advantages and convenience, we should be a master of shopping on line.
The Internet is a virtual world, its systems are not safe, so being vigilant in anytime.
All in all, this life style is absolutely imperfect.
In order to lead a healthy life, we are supposed to do more exercises and expose ourselves.
Now I am taking the college entrance examination which will have an significant influence to my life.
Having a clear target to enter the ideal university, I have been working very hard in the short term.
Fortunately, providence does not let down a man who does his best.
I made remarkable progress.
What's more, I feel confident that I will pass the exam smoothly on account of peaking my performance.
Finishing a heavy burden of study, I would like to have a rest above the focus on the family.
And I will do more housework and try to learn to cook.
In the end, thank you a lot again.
I will try my best to live up to your expectations.
My father said to me that speed is rather slowly.
He said that I have no time to rest because the exam is coming.
There is a saying going, the early bide catches the worm.
We are collage students now, however, some people think that our academic performance also important.
In my opinion, I think they are both important.
Because we are students.
Study is our task.
study hard.
Besides collage is a stage that we can show ourselves on it.
So good communication skills are very important.
With good communication skills, we can easy show us and let others remember you.
It also can make you different than others.
When you want to join in a new club, you can easily make friends.
Ladies, gent man and our preceptor.
It's the honor for me to stand here introducing myself to everybody.
In that my English is so bad and I can't past the CET4, it is a pity to me.
So, I intend to try again and do my best to past it, and it is one of my aim in this term.
OK, above all, I introduce myself to scholars and preceptor.
My name is F,21, I'm born in B province where gather minority nation said Hui.
I love my hometown very much .
I Think there is remarkably beautiful and comfortable.
I'm a lively girl and often cut down my hair very short.
Of course, it takes much trouble to me, on my study way there are many interesting things happen.
One thing is steep in my heart can't blot out, when I study in grade two in the senior middle school .
Once I'm going to cut my hair down in a barbershop, as soon as I come in , I tell him  please doing your best to cut my hair enough short  , I'm sure he heard and set on the chair quite.
For a long time, he almost finish but say you are a girl or boy  , I can't understand at all, because from my voice can distinguish easely, I think he make a big joke to me and it let me very embarrassed.
From then on I try to leave my hair long but failed because of my curly hair.
I have a big weakness is careless.
My name is F, yi means carefully and xin means upward, from my name I understand that my parents want I can be a carefully girl.
On the contrary, I'm a careless girl, it make me embarressed because I often make mistakes on the details.
Such as count, from I study then on I don't know how many times be bogged down by count, about a month ago, I also have a mistake on a simple count as usual.
then, one of my classmate make a joke that I should go back continuing study count from zero.
I'm innocent.
It has past many years but I can't shake off , to myself it is really hard and may be I just such a girl.
Speaking here, I have a sentence that is  staying half awake staying half drunk  .
I often speak it to my friends or classmates.
I like it very much because I study it from one of my ma thematic teather who is a great teather.
When I come to college I find there are many things have a large change.
At first I can't accept, but when I remember the sentence I can be will and hitherto I also put it in my heart, also it don't have the mean of encourage even more have a little pathetic , but make a great effection on me, pull me out of puzzle time by time.
Ok, next, I'll share my happiness with your, one of my best friend and another is my gift.
above all, I talk something about friend, she is not only my friend but also my classmate.
We have study 16 years from then, and we gather in one class for 13 years.
For many times we should be separate but not, because in this years we have changed three schools and every time left a school and a class we'll gather in another same school and class, we also be classmate.
I think it is very magical, seems we are bonded together with something.
So, maybe we get together for a long time we can guess something in the each heart without any prompt.
Nevertheless it is a pity we are separated this time.
Then, I tell something about my gift or said toy.
Speaking to my toys I'm very joyful.
I have two Mucdulls, one of them is from my buddy and another is from my best friend who not the one refer to just.
This two mucdulls look like but come from two persons unfamiliar each other.
Although they are just toys but I stay with them very happy.
To myself, they have important mean and I'm not think they are just toys.
I become a college student three weeks ago, but not everything like what I expect.
As far as I am concerned, Body language plays a vital role in our daily life and it has a great many advantages.
Not only does it tell others what you are thinking, but it also can be helpful for you to make a deep impression on others.
In a word, Body language ia practical.
At my age of twelve, it occurred to me that my family made a decision to move to another city.
It meant I had to leave my favorite friends and beautiful hometown to live in a strong environment.
I cried loudly, but it did not make any difference.
What upseted me most was that I was not able to communicate with the local people, I could not make sense to what they were saying when talking with them.
One day, my parents were committed to business, they told me to buy some food for lunch.
I was frightened, I told them I could not manage it.
My father walked closed to me, just laying his hands on my shoulder and smiling at me.
Suddenly, I said Yes to him and rushed out.
From my experience, it is persuasive that Body language speaks louder than word, sometimes Body language is more effective than any other way.
Hello classmates.
My name is T.
I'm from W.
I'm very happy meet yours here and want to be friends with yours.
In the class we will grow up together to leaen more konwledge and to make progresses in the next day.
I think we can be a veey good get along with.
I sometime think my life is so boring but i often play computer games or take exeecise but i'm feel boring in more time.
A lot of time but can't find things to do.
In my view, learning a foreign language needs perseverance an interesting.
As we know, when we learn a foreign language, we may come across many troubles which may be unconquerable to many of us.
Therefore, faced with difficulty, many of us get cold feet.
Besides, I also think belief is of great importance.
Last but not least, never be afraid of failure.
As the old saying goes, failure is the mother of success.
Some people in life often focus only on appearance while ignoring the connotation.
They believe that the appearance of a beautiful heart can hide the ugly.
A person's value, not by appearance can be invaluable.
I went to see my grandparents this morning.
My grandparents are very happy.
Because of I seldom look after my grandparents.
My grandfather asked me about my study and life.
I said my life is happy and study is great.
We talked about other somethings.
I believe I can do .
We have a reason to reject it.
The first the 1 office supply is not for free so that we don't deliver it.
You can check the receipt which is not order.
Second, though we delivered it on time.
it is also delayed for 2 weeks due to the bad weather.
Some people might say, 'stress is a kind of impetus.
Besides, our government ought to take actions to make some constructive traffic rules well.
telephone is 420-347-889, I and Mary is close frend , she like play soccer .
Bye.
I am very happy to introduce the Great Wall to you.
The Great Wall in Beijing and it is a miracle.
The Great Wall has a long history of thousands of years of history.
The Great Wall has condensed the sweat and wisdom of the working person of all ethnic groups in the past dynasties.
The Great Wall, the total length of more than 100000 kilometers.
It is a miracle because it built by man.
I think the Great Wall is very grand and magnificent.
And David will be late for the event because he has to collect revelant information about the new project.
People are born alone and died alone.
So we need friends to stay beside us sharing happiness and sorrow and to support us when we are down or helpless.
He is an excellent student.
He has a smart brain and learns things fast.
Instead he has his own independent though and always like to think various kinds of things about books or the life.
He is the only one who dares to question the books while the others may only bury heads into papers without any consideration.
Besides his high intelligence, he also has a good emotion quotient.
Yet as the old saying goes, every coin has its two sides, .
We have known each other for more than six years.
We are the very similar kind of people.
We have the similar character.
What's more, we hold and share incredibly the same opinions on many things and have very much the same interests.
We worked together through the university entrance exam which built our friendship.
Time flies.
Some will leave and some will come.
Among all my acquaintance I value him the most.
Everyone has a family.
I am a happy girl .
As we know, mother is the greatest of the people.
My mother loves me very much.
She makes delicious food for me and helps me study .
So I should do something for her.
I thought about it for a long time.
Finally , I decided to give my mother a surprise.
When our school was over, I ran back home.
When I made them well, my mother was coming.
She was very surprised and pleased.
I saw tears were full of her eyes.
My father also is greatest man .
His hobbies are playing basketball.
swim and dance-He like sports very muchHe has two brothers and he has three sistersHe likes my mother cooking hotpotThis is my fatherI love him very much .
Thank you for reading this application.
I am a senior school student and do well in English and French.
Apart from that, I am hard-working and have experience communicate with other foreigns.
Additionally, I have a mild temper and a patience heart seldom would I quarrel with others.
I take part in two activities.
One activity I have is sports.
After I went to high school.
I decided to do exercise everyday in order to keep healthy.
The exercice I do inclouds running, swimming, jogging and so on.
I can also have a good time when I am doing exercise.
The other activity is watching movies.
Specially, all the movies I watch speak English.
I try my better to comprehense what characters say all the time.
For choosing right activitise, I have some pieces of advice to give.
First of all, choose what you like so you will know the fun of activities.
Othersides, you should find a balance between hobby and study.
We should avoid activities affect oue study.
Firstly, you can join the Chinese club.
you could practice Chinese at there .
Secendly, you could read Chinese book or watch Chinese TV, learning about Chinese word.
Then, you can sing Chinese songs.
Lu Xun very cherishes time, he said that time is like the water in the sponge, as long as it is willing to squeeze, always some.
Recently, six students who shared a dorm at a local university hired a cleaners to do laundry and cleaning once a week , which led to a heated debate .
Despite a lot of study tasks and homeworks, our college students still have a duty of doing laundry and cleaning , which can definitely enrich our daily life and make us fullfilling.
According to the newspaper , each of them paid cleaners 60 yuan a month , which indicates that they are not fully aware of their parents' sacrifice and love .
There is no denying that college life is not all about study, but learn to be independent.
If all of us choose to hire cleaners , I afraid that we will never have the capability of taking care of ourselves .
In conclusion , I do believe that hiring cleaners should not be encouraged .
Please.
According to the reports, here are the effects.
Primary, the dangerous animals may cause the panic of people.
The animals run through the streets and the people are all afraid of being hurt, especially the bad dogs.
In addition, when they have a chance to walk along the streets, they may lose control and make people injured or even dead.
SO please stop raising dangerous animals as pets.
l am so tired.
Some false expert publish some false speech, due to the false speech, some people in trouble.
In some sides, the academic honesty support the development of society.
A lot of new things come into being is osculate to the academic.
In my opinion, academic honsety is very important.
It is not only represent your academic idea, but also express your academic attitude.
Only have regular attitude and clinging chase, you can create some things represent your own opinion.
False academic can not stand forever, one day, it will be ruined.
I'm gald to know that you're going to our school.
No 4 middle school is a good place for us to study and grow up.
Many student reading every morning, and a little bit people play basketball in playground.
In my eyes, No 4 middle school is a good school, because it is very beautiful.
In playground have many trees and flowers.
I think No 4 middle school is a very beautiful.
Every person has his own ideal job.
As far as I am concerned I have been dreaming of being a guide for a long time .
Obviously , good guide are knowledgeable .
For one thing, I must learn my book well and travel at my spare time, just as the saying goes: Seeing is believing.
It was Sep27and it's a traditional Chinese festival-The Mid-Autumn festival.
And during these days all Chinese are free and will have a big meal together.
My mom cooked a very delicious dinner.
And then dad came home early.
After dinner, we watched TV, ate moon food and watched the moon.
The moon is very round today.
We had a good time.
Mid Autumn festival is very good festival.
It's day of happiness.
Wang Linging's best friend is Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling's hair is longer than Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling has bigger eyes than Liu Lili.
Wang Lingling likes reading, she is more serious than most kids.
That's why she likes reading books and she studies harder in class, About Liu Lili, she likes sports, she is good at playing tennis.
And she runs faster than Wang Lingling because Wang Lingling never plays sports.
And Liu Lili is smart, so her grades is as good as Wang Lingling.
However, they are both popular.
Because they are both friendly.
They are outgoing, too.
Love is the feeling of kindness, consideration , respect etc.
I'm very glad to receive your letter.
My first memories of school were fish pond s.
When I first entered the school saw a big Fountain, as I got closer to it.
There was a lot of fish and a lotus, AndI thought this is a good school is very beautiful.
My first impression of military training for school and instructor was very young.
We have been training very hard for a few days.
And I think the teacher in charge of my class is a very good teacher.
So well-known is the proverb which says  The early bird catches the worm.
that all of us are told frequently from childhood.
I didn't have a good command of English before , and hardly could I imagine my immediately reciting the passage after listening several times.
Scolded by the teacher , to prove my strength, I determined to make efforts .
From then on, never did I give up listening to the tape .
I took every chance to train my pronunciation.
No pains, no gains.
I worked harder, and all what I did paid off.
  The early bird is a person who gets well prepared.
Diligence is of great difficulty to live up to .
Once you employ your perseverance to the best advantage , the chances are that you can succeed.
Please bear in mind that it is your diligence rather than intelligence that matters most.
As to administrition division, we have 20 more new staff and no one leaves.
Moreover, production division occupies the largest percentage of our new employees-50 people and it is also one that accounts for the largest staff turnover which is up to the number of 57.
There excite an environmental phenomenon, which phenomenon, Which has aroused great concern among people around us.
Acconding to a survey.
For the past few years, gutter oil has been widely accepted by people, For one thing, people can buy gutter oil with money, but can not buy health, For another.
As far as I am concerned, we all should consider how to control gutter oil.
So that they won't control us, only in this way can we make full use of them.
Some of us like to hold their phones wherever and whenever called Phudding  , who seldom talk to anyone instead of typing on phones .
Thus, it reduces communication between each other and leads to the alienation between each other .
Thanks very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
Madam C.
There was a story about her.
A few days were past.
Someone likes read the book of original , someone likes see the movie instead of the book in the original.
As we know , read a book need more time than see a movie, so i think that see a movie better than read the original book.
Firstly, its waste time that we read a book in one day , especially in the holiday.
I have my way of learning English.
My favorite way to learn English is practice using English each day.
Basides we should hear the teacher and take notes carefully in class.
These methods to cultivate my interest.
These methods are extremely helpful for learning English.
and enhance students' cooperation ability.
In my opinion, it has many disadvantages and affects people shopping.
So the government should use the laws to regulate online shopping.
In recent years, an increasing number of museums become free to the public.
As we all known that the university campus is not only a place to study but also a platform to build the personal independence.
However, there is a strange phenomenon that college students tend to hire cleaners to do laundry for them.
In China, a large number of teenagers under 18 are taken good care of by their dear parents at home.
It seems that what they should do is just studying before entering university.
But we must admit that this easy life style brings about the lacknessless of independence.
Us college students should learn how to arrange our personal life orderly and clearly.
If we cannot deal with these simple matters, let alone the future challenge we will face.
We are pleased to inform you that shipment of the goods under Sales Confirmation No.
I am determined to be a top student .
In my school, there are four floors.
There are seven offices.
There is an Art room.
During our busy schooldays, taking about the fashion of the time is a good way to relax.
The most to be mentioned is a reality talent TV show, which was first shown on Zhejiang Satellite TV.
This show was different from past shows, which impressed me most was one of its special sell points-blind auditions, where judges do not appreciate the performance of the singers face to face.
The judges showed their interest in this vioce by turning their chairs.
In my opinion, this show develops a new way of talent shows which makes the show anthentic, that's the reason why I appreciate it.
Becoming a government employees is more and more popular in recent years.
Such a problems can't be fixed immediately, but we can find the reason easily.
First, this job can earn pretty much of money, although there some other works can make more than it, as a government employees, you can have the rights and interests more easily like you can eat an apple on the table at home.
And the well-being can defeat any other company because the boss is our country and a country can't lose the credit.
Second, many parents want their child got this job because they think it is good for their children's future.
So, all of their child study very hard everyday for the civil service exam.
The last and most important reason is becoming a government employees not only means a job, it also means some powers and identity.
So, all of this benefit let people in China want to get this job.
It is different between China and American.
The first thing we should learn new words.
speak the words remember them.
we can learn some spelling rules.
such as the rules of letter pronunciation.
Since it was the first time for me to do dubbing for a movie, especially for the famous British movie Pride and Prejudice, as a result, this task greatly challenged me because I was not quite familiar with the elegant and noble British accent.
I should admit that this film was so attractive, romantic as well as dramatic.
Furthermore, I was so absorbed that my feelings also went up and down with the characters.
For example, I felt happy when Lizzie smiled while I felt sorrowful when Jane cried.
When I talked of her, so many words popped into my mind.
I could say that he was independent, foresighted, brave, self-esteemed and liberal.
She was so shinny that I could barely take my eyes off her.
The outcome of my hard work was worthy of every effort I made.
As for me, I think the work surroundings is very essential.
I think it is important to be a good partner for the following these reasons.
First, we are situated in such a developing modern society.
So we need learn how to form a partnership with others everytime.
Second, in our daily life, working with a good partnerwe can save much time and energy.
At the same time, we can help eavh other, and make progression together.
Then let's talk abaot that how to be a good partner.
Working with people who are fond of.
We would be joyful and cheerful.
During the work, we should partake in each other's joys and sorrows.
Form a partnership with people who we don't like.
We should be tolerant.
Most of us, as students, are careful with our money in daily life: we collect all kinds of coupons; we look for group-buy deals if we eat out or travel; we don't buy clothes unless in a sale.
Collecting all kinds of coupons, it seems that there being less money to spend, whereas, haven't you perceived that the frequencies of your shopping sprees are soaring.
In other words, you spend far more money on these seemingly cheaper brands actually.
Thus, I would like to say that if we merely running after all these special offers, to some degree, can't make us smart consumers.
To be smart consumers, we are required to attach much importance to quality.
Never let sellers deceive your eyes and cloud your consciousness.
It's better for us to keep a familiarity with our necessities as revealed in earlier contact with various trademarks.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China .
At first, I will help my mother to put New Year scrolls on the wall for good fortune .
Then, we will clean the house and do some shopping.
Next morning , I will put on my new cloths and go out to have fun.
Our children like the festival very much , because we can have delicious food and wear new clothes .
From the picture, we can know that an old woman sat in front of the mirror alone.
And she said because children wasn't at home, she felt lonely.
Nowadays, in my opinion, the reasons why the aged people feel lonely is that they lack their children's company and concern.
With the development of society, the young people have to work day by day because of the stress of life.
They are always under great pressure that they don't have time to company with their parents.
Many aged people only can gather with their children on some important holiday.
As far as I am concerned, I know that my grandparents are lonely at home so I always call them and talk to them.
In current society, we are always busy to work , study and make money that we always overlook our family and friends.
I think however we are busy we can't overlook our family and friends.
Although we are busy with our things, we should give concern to them such as making a call often and going home usually.
The aged people only need to you to talk to them often and company to them.
Thanks for your emai.
I usually get up at 6 o'clock.
I have breakfast at a half past 6.
I go to school by car.
The first lesson starts at half past seven.
I have to study eight subjects.
There are some interesting subjects, such as PE, Art and English.
When I get home I do my homework at frist.
Then I have dinner with my family.
At weekends I also join in an after school activity.
The one I love most is my mother .
In my mind , mother is the most people for me in the world .
And I owe much to her .
She give me life , and take me in the world .
She give me all her love .
What is more , in my hard time when I suffer from serious ill.
I learnt many from her .
Such as , to be a good person , to do good thing as well .
which have an deeply influent on me .
mother is the people I love most in the world .
I willing to do any thing for her .
I love you forever .
However, as a result of a recent research, some individuals object to this act completely.
They think that as the advance of this evaluation, teachers will pay much attention on it, absolutely, this will decrease their academic focus.
Additionally, some students may take the opportunity to retaliate some teachers that they prejudiced against all the time.
And then, teachers will not be strict with students as that of before to avoid students'grudges.
Though those disadvantages seems to be reasonable, I need to stand back and stick to my own colours.
The Spring Festival is an important festival in China, like Christmas in Western countries.
When The Spring Festival approached, my parents were busy tidying up and going shopping.
They bought new clothes and many delicious food for The Spring Festival.
During The Spring Festival, we wore new clothes and visited our relatives and friends.
The old gave money to the young.
I played games with my sister.
  So I made a plan for the new year.
Hei river city has beautiful scene, especially surround my work place.
and check the picture on his passport, Though you must be sure tourist message on passport is true and judge it's himself or not.
After working, we can play basketball and soccer, but I like badminton best.
work.
I needed to follow the leader to check boats, every morning, leader guide me to check boats, we must avid boats have forbidden things and stowaway.
Even though daily work was boring and it makes people tired.
Learning English is one of the most difficult yet most rewarding experience of our school life.
As a college student, learning English is a very necessary course.
I want to study English for different reasons.
First of all, English is the most popular language in the world.
So we must learn how to use it approprately.
Secondly, we know the importance of English.
As we know, an excellent skill in English equips the college students with good jobs.
But in my opinion, learning English can also give me insights into another culture, and my mind will open to new ways of seeing things.
Last but not least, the most important benefit is we can communicate with many more people than before.
