They can do anything for us.
They just want us to have a good future.
So we should not waste their money.
It's like to waste parents'hard work.
In brief it is true that being too careful with money may have some disadvantages.
But we are students now.
We only spend money but not to earn.
So, it's necessary for us to save money.
According to the information, we can find the successful people or rich people are also very frugal.
hi everybody, my name is C.
I have been learning English for six years.
Last year i think learning English is so easy.
So.
in Junior high school i was like English very much.
Because i thingk English is important of world.
Not only i think English is don't diffcult but also i am not good at it.
In High school i am not work hard in English.
So i hope in the university i will be good at English.
So i will work hard in it.
and i think i can do it.
I love my mother very much .
Many students wrongly assume that a university will ensure them better jobs.
From primary school, we have be told that if you want a good job, you must study hard so that be adimtted a good university.
Jackie Chan, international Kung Fu movie star.
When he was six, he went to Academy of Traditional Chinese Opera where he taked in opera.
After he entered the film industry with background of martial.
In the film industry, he continually creates breakthough and myth.
In the first place, because almost all of the college students have no working experience, so they had a Poor payment.
They have to live in bad conditions, two or more people live together in a narrow space, in the small space they sleeping eating and have fun each other, it's really poor.
Generally speaking, college students find a good job is not easy, so everyone should pay attention to the accumulation of knowledge, and learn some working skills.
If everyone do it, he remove from victory just one-step.
If you ask me who I love best in the world, I will answer you pridely: ''It's my mother.
My mother is a characterless people in the world, but she is the most beautiful people in my heart .
It's my mother who gave me life, and taught me how to learn and be a ture man.
She takes good care of me in the daily life.
In her heart , she takes giving what she has to me for granted.
All she want is I can have a better future.
In the past , I always get bored and can't understand she, when I was growing up, I came to understand her love.
Now I feel sorry for what I have done.
I want to say: ''mother , I'm sorry , I love you .
For many people are there dream to go to college and it is my dream too.
Now I have been into college for a month.
First when I study in high school I have many kinds of lessons for example like math, Chinese, English.
. and so on.
Now I have little kinds of lessons it's so difficult.
Then in high school my teacher, who always taught me to study hard.
Without knowing it the college life has been in the past one month.
we are pleased to inform you that goods in our NO.29 sales confiemation were shipped by Pearl Freighter .
The appointment will be dealed with cost and freight .
Most of us misunderstand AIDS, they think AIDS means dangerious and death .
According to the veodio , the paitent from Africa account a lot , it means not only do they tolerate hunger but also dissease , they need more help especially love and care.
These Photographys without sounds as like declarling they are dying and they are living far away from happiness .
As we all know, love is the most important power in our life.
It can warm people's heart and make people do better.
Every morning, when I get up, my parents are preparing for my breakfast.
At night, I usually go over my lessons very late, but my parents never go to bed before I finishing my homework, because they don't want me to feel lonely.
I feel very warm.
A growing number of universities are open to society and tourists .
This practice offers tourists to breath university's atmosphere.
Although be open to society and tourists to universities enjoys distinct advantages that is supported partially by the public.
In their opinions, university is a public occasion and the whole society would reinforce attention to education.
However, there is opposition think university is a place where to receive education.
From my point of view, be open to society and tourists to universities will cause a good deal of problems.
Such as students' bikes or other things are stolen.
It is well-known that the cinema is a popular pastime.
The audience enjoys the wonderful plot and the exquisite performance of actors from the film.
But with the increasing application and improvement of technology, more special effects distract the people's attention .
As a result, the film's touching and inspiring appeal is losing.
A film which can attract and inspire the people has two key factors.
One is the story itself and the plot, the other is the performance of actors.
A good play has the character which penetrates audience's soul and affects them.
So the plot is the most important to a film.
Film maker should put more emphasis on the play with absorbing plot rather than special technology.
Nevertheless, limited the use of technology does not mean it is prohibited thorough.
From the foregoing, a good film which attracts people depends on the plot and the performance of actors mainly, not the special effects.
After a while .
when i come to my room.
It says 'Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
We in the university life in almost all rely on their own efforts, because we grew up, so the university teacher doesn't like the former teacher restrict our freedom, there are a lot of things to learn, therefore, we often go to the library is the place.
The class is very tired but I like to play basketbal.
Nowadays, science and technology develop very quickly.
There is no doubt that they give us many benefits.
And life is becoming more and more convenient.
But as time goes by, the disadvantages of it came up.
For example, computers make it easy to solve problems.
We should polite for others, helpful and try to be anyone frindly with other.
During the past 2 years, I have learned how to communicate in English, how to understand the unique culture of a certain country, and even how to put the knowledge into practice and then turn it into a money-making method.
I know you need help that you break up with mary.
I also know you are very sad.
What happend so that not until you break up with him did you are very sad.
It is very suiprising .
Traditional reading can make us feel real.
place.
We can read any book only use a mobile phone or a computer.
In my opinion, traditional reading and online reading both the good way to resding.
L is an outgoing girl who likes traveling around the world, and she wants to visit London and Beijing first.
Last year, she went to London by plane.
She found everything was interesting to her, but she did not like the bad weather in London because it was dump very much.
She visited a lot of museums and got a lot of knowledge, and she ate different food that was not delicious to her.
This year, she went to Bei Jing by train.
She was very excited to everything except the cold weather thereShe went to the Great wall, the Forbidden city and the Tiananmen square where the scenery was very beautiful.
She took some photos and showed them to me last week.
She liked the food in Beijing because it was very delicious.
I am a south china tiger, the king of the forest and nature.
I am strong, all the animals are feared me.
And I am also a handsome man in the animals' world.
My fur is ogange and black, and I'm 2 metres long.
My food is pig , deer, and sheep.
I am very good at swimming, but I have no idea in climbing tree.
The place we live is the south-westChina with forests.
Maybe we looked strong, but we are losing a large number because human are killing us for our bone and fur.
They are worth a largr amount of gold.
In my opion: if you guys keeping hunting us, you won't see us anymore in two or three years.
I find that there are a lot of troubles wait for us to confront.
Such as, Many roommates smoke in the dormitory.
People all attach great importance to the recognition of true friendship in their dormitories.
As far as I am concerned, There are several ways that can create a more harmonious dormitory life.
We should drive our efforts to improve our levels.
First, We should analyse how to get rid of our habits.
When an annoying situation arises, We should try our best to stop it.
In a word, A harmonious dormitory life is crucial to college students and benefits all the members.
Some of my classmates think that it is necessary for high school students to get online frequently.
First, we can get knowledge and open our social view.
We can learn more about world by finding information online.
Second, we can communicate and chat with our friends.
We can share our happiness and sadness with them.
However, other students think that we should not get online frequently.
The reason is: The radiation from the computer does harm to our eyes.
Although we can relax and chat with our friends, but it is easy for some students to lose themselves in it.
But in my opinion, I think we should use the internet appropriately.
And we should not depend on the internet too much.
Coco is not only my classmate but also one of my close friends.
She is taller than any other girl in my class and she has short hair.
She wears glasses as most students in my class.
In my impression, Coco is a silent and a calm girl.
As she does everything clearly.
Actually, she is much stronger than me, for she loves taewondo and does well in it.
Also she enjoys reading.
Well, this is my classmate.
With the popularity of the Internet, there seems to be a trend that the traditional reading is being replaced by online reading among people, especially among students.
I tink traditional reading can make us quite.
Traditional reading is better than the Internet to protect the eyes too.
But I prefer reading to the Internet than the traditional reading.
Because online reading it's more quickly and interested.
The most important is that I can communicate with others immediately.
reading can make me happy and teach me knowledge.
reading It's a necessary thing in our life.
The human being always believe that they are the most highest animal in the natural, occupied the top in the food chain.
So, they hurt other animals in order to serve their own interests.
Nowadays, many kinds of animals on the brink of extinction.
There are many reasons, such as the natural environment has been changed.
Nonetheless, in my opinion, the most principal reason is that human were greed and selfishness.
No business, no killing.
People may think that the shark is invulnerable killing machine, that shark populations range is vast, inexhaustible number of But the opposite is true, sharks are a natural fragile creatures.
Several years ago, a large number of people revealed that the shark fin is the nutritious food, in that , the business man need to improve the yield of the shark fin.
Nonetheless not many people know the production method of the shark fin.
After they catch the shark, cuts the fin living, this is no doubt that how painful the shark was.
However, more painfully were in behind.
In that they are no fins, after they were returned to the sea, they only sank beneath the sea, can't move anymore until they are eaten by other fishes.
That cruel people, not only injure the sharks, but also destroy the food chain.
As while, they also damage the environment.
There are many more example, so, an increasingly number of people realized that we should protect our environment.
Many starts take the public service ads in order to protect wild animals.
As far as I am concerned, all of us should protect wild animals, especially those on the brink of extinction, refusing to wildlife products and eating wild animals.
If there is no need, the business man wouldn't hurt the animals.
It lives in the jungle.
It looks like a dog.
Then Churchill further elaborated, this is no class war but a war in which the whole British Empire and Commonwealth of Nations is engaged, without distinction of race, creed, or party .
. .
My most favourite European country is Switzerland.
Switerland is a developed country which is situated in the center of the Europe, covering an area of 4,100,000 square kilometres and has a population of 75,000,000.
The capital city is Berne.
It also has a famous city called Geneva.
The country is also famous for its beautiful scenery.
It's known as  world's garden  .
There are many people who I love.
Neverthless especially in one person who I call a mother.
My mother is a respectable woman .
her templar is tender .
she makes my home clean and beautiful .
As I was a child .my mother took care of me patiently .
she is always patient to teach me anything.
Recently a survey has been done about the question ways of obtaining information .
As far as I'm concerned newspaper is a good way of obtaining information.
First news report is more further than TV reports , it is promising for us to understand.
On the other hand , the newspaper we can read again and again, don't worry miss anyone , but the TV can't do this point .
The situation was extremely severe.
I saw the accident happening with a big bang.
A lorry near the bus hit the car which came from the right hand.
As a result, one side of the car was all smashed in.
Fortunately, there was no one killed.
The cause of the accident was that the traffic signals did not work that day.
On the one hand, the lorry driver did not see the car because of the bus, which was too big to block his view.
When he saw the car, it is no time for him to avoid the clash.
I will have my own family.
When I become a twenty-six yearsold.
I will have a work for my family.
I enjoying my work, and I will do good work.
After work, I like reading some book.
feel relaxing and quiet.
Another, I am also like play ping-pong.
As for university life, there are different views depending on individual opinions.
In my opinion, there is no absolute conflicts between being independant and living with others.
it is known to us all that only when we learn to be independant can we lead a new life, but at the same time, we also need an art to get along well with others and creat a harmonious surrounding to improve ourself comprehenively.
I think this festival is really fun.
From the day we are born, other people touch our lives in almost everything we do.
If you leave litter, you would spoil the natural beauty of the area.
I think tolerant other people is tolerant ourselves.
We might break relations with our close or distant relatives or break ties with our close friends.
And think attending their classes on time is not important.
Still, there are some students who slip out of the classroom before the class is over.
Firstly, it is very important for university students to attend their classes.
Second, attending their classes will ensure them to catch up with the teachers in their learning.
That is very helpful to them if they want to do a good job in their study.
And they can learn more knowledge.
So that the students can study in very good condition and improve the efficiency.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, studying English can help me have a good learning of other countries in the world.
Secondiy, we can communicate with friends who come from other countries after we have learnt English which is a language used by many other countries.
Thirdly, learning a good foreign language like English can improve our confidence .
In a recent, incidents of school violence frequently occurring, lots of students and teacher are killed .
Sometimes not only the outsider break the campus safety , also students themselves destroy their own school safety .
I'm L, the monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven, C Middle School.
I have heard of your coming as an exchange student recently.
Tianjin is a city that you can enjoy yourself because we have a lot of places worth visiting.
For instance, Tianjin has a legendary history in these decades so that we have a great number of historical sites.
Class 1, Which you are going to study with, is hoping for your visiting.
We're enthusiastic to our guests so we have arranged a great deal of things such as trying some traditional activities, reading chinese poems , enjoying Peaking opera, etc.
  Once More To the Lake  is E.
White's masterpiece in which a father struggles himself between memories and the reality.
The prose develops in a story centre on a little boy and his father.
He was so excited when the father took along his son to revisit old haunts.
Through White's detailed portray about the father's memories on their journey over to the lake, it is not hard to see that the lake had left the father much enjoyment.
The scene about the dragonfly impresses me most.
It says  It was the arrival of this fly that convinced me beyond any doubt that everything was it always had been, that the years were a mirage and there had been no years  .
Combining with the former part about the first morning the father and the son spent in the camp and the later section covering their wandering around the lake.
All his best memories come back to him.
The tarred road, the coves and streams, the hills, the boat, freshwater leavings, debris, the store and many other things.
At the very beginning, I thought as the essay describes, the years were a mirage because the father always sustained the illusion that he and his son had become one flesh, he even could not pick out who was who in a trance.
However, with further thinking, I have learnt a litter bit more about the prose.
The father didn't feel that the lake had changed any, but everything around it did.
Though a lot of things and feelings hadn't changed, the essay also made some description of new things, the missing of the middle track, the noisy sound and so on  .
They shaped sharp contrast.
But nevertheless the father is very attached to those memories and the use of the word  same  in the description of the lake only proves it.
The depiction of new experiences shows that the father is not able to accept new changes and adopt them.
From this, I have observed the idea of the father's dual personality, as the reality which he had to perceive was quite different from his inner world and from his expectations and hopes.
Especially in the last paragraph suddenly my groin felt the chill of death  .
It brings out the theme.
The father had thought the time interval was a feint but actually he just found that the real feint is the still time.
Everything is almost there but behind it is the fleeting nature of life.
White's brushstroke about the lake moves from the past to present and makes the time blurry.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Therefore in my opinion, I agree with the people who try his best to make money, but it must be in a legal way.
In the few years, there is a fashion that many students study hard to get various credentials.
Many students regard this phenomenon as a good means to enable them to get more abilities.
For one thing, we can solve many problems by ourselves.
For example, with CET4or6 certificate, we can travel abroad freely and buy or mend computers on our own without being cheated.
For another, it is helpful to employ in today's employment situation.
However, every coin has both two sides.
Some insist that it is sometimes too utilitarian to get many kinds of credentials.
Many students study only for certificates which are necessary for jobs, and then after being employed, they never look back on them anymore.
As far as I'm concerned, it is best to learn the skills necessary in jobs.
Firstly, we can have more time and energy to concentrate on the main skills so that we will learn better.
Secondly, less tasks enable us to study deeply.
Of course, if you are interested in extra abilities, you can learn them in your spare time.
This idea lead to many people hold the belief that given profound knowledge that it is enough.
Firstly, nowadays our earth is destroyed.
In my opnion: I personally think should have the choice to go to school, so I realized that I want, want to improve their own baking, so that only the development of better efficiency.
When I celebrated my birthday, my friends send me birthday present.
Because this present is my best friend send me.
It is a colorful box.
When you open it, it will ring out music.
When I see it, I will think of my friend.
So it is important for me.
And it can make me happy.
I really like it, so I collect it.
I'm exactly glad to communicate with you in this way .
We all think you are a very good teacher .
We are good friends .
As time rolled by we separated .
Participated in a small time chess game, that was my experience that a particular failure.
I was elected to represent all classes in the class participate in the competition.
With the trust of the class, I sat in draw at, did not think that I ran into the next class of professional experts.
Three minutes less than I think I lost a set, and unable to regain.
In desperation chose to surrender.
That was my most helpless time.
My hometown is Inner Mongolia.
I'am interested in here each place.
Inner Mongolia's grassland is very beautiful.
There has a grassland that you can't see the end of, blue sky which puts out a hand to be possible to touch it, but also has the cattle and sheep which anywhere runs all over the grassland.
Fortunately you may see lots of men who are goatherd.
I thought the grassland is an interesting place, because the broad prairie may let the heart which is agitated in the city calms down.
This is the most interesting place in my hometown.
Last Friday, everyone was going to the classroom before the sports meeting.
  In the direction of her fingers, a girl was lying on the ground.
Some students ran towards her, and others contacted teachers quickly.
With the doctor  s help, she was out of danger.
Afterwards , we did an interview with her students.
  Their teachers said :  We are all very proud of our studengts.
They are ready to help others at a critical moment.
Everyone ought to learn from them.
I hope that more and more people can promote the good quality of the people who are ready to help others.
Everyone has a destination which he wants to go most.
And so do I.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Swiss.
Swiss is situated in the middle of Europe.
It covers an area of 4.1 kilometers square and has a population of 7.5 million.
It also has some famous industries, such as watch, chemistry and food.
I'm really attracted by Swiss, a developed country in Europe.
Now, more and more school introduced students to the teacher scoring system, the phenomenon of students to grade teachers are becoming more and more common.
Mutual, namely evaluation has spread to each other, mutual between both teachers and students to see, or between students and students.
To this, people also have different attitudes.
Some people are support, they think by students to grade teachers, can be reflected from the other hand the teacher's teaching level, encourage teachers to teach better.
From my point of view, I support the students to grade teacher this way.
As is depicted in the picture above, more and more college students take part-time jobs from 1994 to 2010.
There are many reasons lead to the phenomenon.
The first, many college students are poor.
Maybe they should pay for tuition fee or miscellaneous expense.
Second, many college students are very free .
They need to do something.
Meanwhile, they could also make money.
Third, many college students think it could learn work experience.
In my opinion, we could take properly part-time jobs.
You should do it after study.
There are some probloems in every campus.
Recently, I find some students can not lenarn carefully.
wo are come in the campus , but wo should work hard.
Whenever we should learn work hard, we should learn more knowledge.
Accord the phenomenon.
I think our campus should check the student's class.
Students should like learn the knowlege.
Students should put comput games awary.
With the improvement of living standards, people pay more attention to the health problem.
In modern life, people lack of physical exercise.
They keep sitting no matter going out or working, didn't notice the problem until they found that they are obese.
The problem is far more than this, young go to bed late into the night, and they get up late in return, maybe they must go to work or school so they get up in a hurry with out breakfast.
They also receive stimuli by drinking or smoking.
So, it's very important to learn how to keep a healthy lifestyle.
It's necessary for us to take a bicycle or on foot replace of modern transport.
And keep early hours, have a morning jogging.
Far away from alcohol, cigarette, even drug.
Geting more and more pressure in modern life, we must keep a healthy lifestyle.
Only in this way, we can keep physical health while maintaining mental health.
They do not know how long it will take to have electricity.
They could not see anything.
In modern society, people are willing to choose a brand-name products.
To establish the brand is very important for enterprises.
 Advertising is very important.
It is important to protect our environment, but it is difficult to do it.
Today, the Earth is facing many pollutions, such as air pollution, water pollution, vioce pollution, and etc.
Everyone can do something for our environment.
As a student, we should build the sense of frugality in our daily life in the school.
Ialways turn off the lights in the dassroom when we leave.
Both sides of the paper can be used if it is possible.
After school, i bearconsciousness of environment protecetion in mind.
In order to protect the forest I often refuse to use the paper cups and disposable chopsticks consciously.
When you look at the sky, you can discover that it is no longer blue, itis grey.
this means the air is aleadlu polluted.
Because rhe factory emits roo much dirty air.
I believe a lot of peaple like swimming When you go to the beach, you can see that the sea the dirtier than before.
If we continue to pollute the water, more animals will die, and that will effect our human's food vhain.
We call this voice pollution.
Voice pollution is always bothering us.
We can protect our envirment in other ways too.
For example, we shouldn't throw trash anywhere, instead, we could recycle it.
With the rapid development of world enconmy.many people come to realize that we have got the development at the cost of our envirment.
If we human beings are clever enough, we should take measures to protect our environment right now.
If we didn't, the earth would come to an end.
We should pass laws to fobid cutting down trees.
Those who pollute rivers and seas should be punished.
Widl animals should be well protected.
As is known to all, if we act soon enough, we can still have a bright future.
If we don't, one thing is certain.
Some of them hold the view that getting online is good for us in many ways.
For example, we are allowed to access more knowledge and broaden ours horizons, we can also communicate and share something meaningful with friends.
But others are against the idea.
It may make us abandone ourselves to chatting online and computer games so that we lose interest in studying.
As a result, our grades won't be improved.
They all have a point.
But as we all know, every coin has two sides.
So in my opinion, on the one hand, there are much useful information we need on the Internet, and we can have fun in our free time online.
But on the other hand, we are supposed to spend the time online resonably.
To: Mr.
Dear Mr.
I'm a student from Department of Computer Science.
We are preparing an English speech contest.
I think it's a good chance for us to inviting you to attend our contest.
If you can come to the composition, it'll be more exciting.
The contest'll start on April 29th.
It will take place at the school hall at 9:00 in the morning.
We hope you can come on time.
It must be an extremely interesting and exciting contest.
I hope every student can enjoy themselves.
At the end of the match, We are ready to listening to your speech about improving English ability.
We also make a plan which'll enable the contest more fierce.
It must be an honor for a student to get the champion from you.
Just as an American journalist said: that sort of defeats are only stepping-stones.
Each of us wants to feel he of she has the ability to do something that is meaningful and that serves a tribute to our inherent abilities.
I think he should be nervous and shy as it was that he first lesson with us.
But with the study life he should be strict and unsmiling.
He like to give students a lot of tests and rich in knowledge.
He will get on well with students and make friends with them, they will always talk about together.
He cares about the students, and kind and patient.
He is very popular.
When you answer incorrectly that you don't feel stupid.
He should teach the knowledge clear that even I can understand it.
Thanks for introduce your school life.
After look at your e-mail I think you are happiness.
I always get up at a quarter to 6 o'clock and my breakfast usually be eaten at school.
The first thing after come to school is hand in our homework.
Our first lesson starts at half past 7 o'clock.
I don't like Chinese and Politics.
After school I do my homework, sometimes my homework is not too much and I will finish it at soon.
Because Japanese bought our Diaoyu island, so many citizens become so angry that destroy the cars which had been bought by the people of our own.
They thought the cars were produced by Japanese.
What we need to know is that most so-called Japanese-made are produced in China.
also destroyed the stores which rented by Japanese.
We know the topic about Diaoyu island is extremely hot.
solve the issue well.
We needn't to fight with Japanese over the Diaoyu island which hasn't been developed at present.
Now, some of Japan's biggest firms have suspended operations at some factories in China.
We should love our country by a rational way.
Dear Mis.
Because you are not only English special-class teacher, also published many articles in English.
It is a good habit for me to get up early and start the day's work .
Firstly, going to the bed early ensures me a good sleep, for it adapts to my biology clock.
Secondly, getting up early means that I have enough time to prepare my breakfast .
If I get up late , of course it is impossible for me to prepare my breakfast carefully.
However, breakfast is the most important meal in a day.
As a result, it is necessary for me to get up early.
First, it is universally acknowledged that, teachers are useful to our study.
Teachers can interpret exactly for our questions.
Second, in my opinion, working together as a class is useful.
When we have questions, we can ask for pupils.
We can also help others.
Third, it's a bad for us t o use computers for a long time.
My telephone number is eight seven six-nine two one three.
These modern universities should offer the good education of basic subjects to students on the basis of the middle school.
Teathers should guide the college students to set up the goal of life and ask them to get it step by step.
The college as a training base for the students to prepare to struggle and survive in the society is not only a school that teach the knowledge in the testbooks like middle schools.
Everybody wants to an interesting weekends, so I make a plans for me.
On the Saturday morning, i'm going to get up late until eleven o'clock.
In the afternoon, i'm going to see my frends.
On the Sunday morning, i'm going to do my homework.
In the afternoon, i'm going to have my English lesson because it's my favourite lesson.
Their parents and grandparents do too much for them.
It's not good for their children.
In fact, Chinese students are shouldering more responsibilities than their older generations, especially in big cities.
Children need time to play and make more friends.
But they don't know the importance of communication between parents and children.
However, it makes plenty of children become very lazy, the consequence is they don't want to find a job after graduation.
They still depend on families when they are grown.
It's a social problem .
We have to learn to be independent and find a job to earn money, then we can consume by our own money.
Sports keep us healthy.
After all, health first.
Chinese parents are overdoing in children's study.
Such deeds deprive their opportunities to make friends and have fun.
Some people think we should develop tourism.
Why not grant demand if you do that, I will be thankful for you.
Nowadays many students pay few attention to spelling.
The reason for ignoring the importance of spelling is that students do not attach importance to spelling.
What they need is to do exercises the more the better.
They pursues accuracy rate in exams and high marks.
So the words spelling is inevitably ignored.
Another reason is that teachers think the spelling is easy.
And they estimate the student must know that.
In fact, students sometimes do not know that.
Stidents and teachers do not communicate well.
Another reason for that is students do not do well in early ages.
Maybe they are careless in studying.
When they are growing up they cannot change.
Since the spelling is so important how to change this situation remains a question.
As far as I considered, students are the main factor.
Student should pay more attention to spelling in doing normal exercises.
A dictionary is essential.
Students should look up words in dictionary when they meet words they do not know.
Teachers also should pay more attention in spelling.
If students and teachers insist on doing things above, spelling will never be a problem.
Evidently, self-confidence is the key to success.
Everyone who travels in life all seeks the privotal element of achievement to accomplish their goals.
'On the other hand, we have known the biggest enemy is ourselves since we were educated.
However, how to build up self-confidence is the mission for us in the period of growth.
First of all, paying attention to our own advantage and accomplishment which requires us to record them in our mind deeply.
Furthermore, when we meet some challenge, it can easily draw our minds back to the previous experiences and increase confidence.
Secondly, we should not neglect the advantages to which communicating with confident people will contribute.
To be specific, interacting with these people always benefits our personal characteristics and promotes us to be confident as we all know that moral influence by contact one takes the colour of one's company.
Thirdly, there is evidence that self-suggestion can model the confident image for us which makes us believe we are great enough to meet various challenges in life and work.
Besides, a more effective way to foster self-confidence, is to smile.
Since smiling to others exhibits the personal charisma and enhances the feeling of happiness to improve self-confidence.
Also, not only can the sufficient preparation increase confidence, but also can the proper target do it.
The sufficient preparation makes people calm in important situation which gives others a good impression and gets the venerable reputation.
And even though the goal is essential, it is still unwise if the goal exceeds the reality.
Finally, cultivating self-confidence demands that we need to expand our advantages and shorten our drawbacks.
Once I had an argument with my desk-mate about a history problem.
To solve the problem, we asked to teacher , by looking up a large amount of information.
We finally got the conclusion that I'm wrong.
nowadays lnternet to thousands of, more and more people study useing lnterent , people is relationship not because the distance and distance so the lnterent .
first of all, lnterent help know more thing .
letpeople see open.
Itis people .make people notlonely .
life easy .
The picture shows us a teacher is teaching multiplication to her students.
This picture vivid showed us some hot spot things.
Nowadays some students do not focus on the basic skills and the think basic skill is not practical things.
They just want to learn the things which they can get good price immediately.
I think, every student cannot to deny the importance of basic skills.
All of us should admit the importance.
We can't just urgent want to learn something useful and get price immediately.
Study is a long progress that we need to learn many things step by step.
If you want to do better and learn useful skills better, please learn basic skill first.
Franklin Roosevelt once said, Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.
We would be happy when we win a lottery but it comes fast and leave fast.
With the development of economy, more and more greenhouse gases are being discharged into the air, which is considered to be one of the greatest causes of global warming.
It has harmful effects causing the sea level to rise and lead to some natural disasters.
So we must take some effective measures to save our plant, do some little things to protect our earth.
Let us start from the individual level, we can begin by minimising the amount of carbon dioxide by taking public transport instead of driving and using energy-efficient electrical appliances.
On the other hand, more trees can be planted too.
Education to protect the environment should be planned.
What is more, we can also do something else of global warming in the daily life.
First of all, we can find an interesting thing that the higher degree owner will get lower unemployment rate and more median weekly earning.
Then, if you continue to look at the article, another interesting thing you will find is the associate degree owner's data is staring below the average of the chart about education pays, of course, if you just get some college no degree or the high school diploma, even less than the high school diploma, that's meaning is you only have very little income, and high unemployment.
Many people think reading is very important.
However, some people said that the best way of study is to practice by ourselves.
To begin with, reading can let us knowledge.
we can know many useful, funny things by rending books.
Then, rending can let us be good at thinking, we will become smart.
We will be good at solving the trouble that we didn't meet before when we are practicing.
Let's read more books, that's nice for us.
Reading is the teacher of practice.
More and more students take part in activities.
As far as me, I often play sports after school, such as jogging, table tennis and volleyball.
The more I practice, the healthier I will become.
In addition, seeing English films is a nice choice as well.
It can not only improve our spoken English and listening but also relax ourselves.
When we are tired, seeing English films is interesting because it will bring us happiness.
Among all of the activities, I think it's best to join in the social useful activities.
For example, we can pick up the rubbish on the street at weekends.
The more we do, the more beautiful our society will be.
From my point of view, I would like suggest that everyone should pay attention to the after-school activities.
As for us, we can get more knowledge and open our minds.
As well as that, close friendship will be built during the activities.
I am 14 years old now.
In the 14 years, I received many gifts.
But I received the best friend is a book named if gave me three days to light.
I were pleased to receieve this gift.
Then it tells us to cherish life to learn to persevere.
Because of it, l learned more.
This book taught me a lot.
It made me learn to persevere.
Many people argue that in order to improve educational quality continuously, students are encouraged to make comments even criticism on teaches.
I don't think students can make evaluation of class teaching.
The most important reason to this is I don't think all the students are mature enough that they can't give us an objective point of view.
So sometimes students may criticism on teaches when they fell they don't like this class or they are not good at this class.
Actually there are some teachers not very good at teaching and there are some classes not suitable for the students' age.
However I firmly convinced they will progress in the process of their teaching.
And most teachers have abundant experience.
The rubbish that they throw away can pollute the environment, which will indirectly destroy the historical relics .
When I saw the tittle, the first man that comes in to my head is my father.
My father has been playing an important role on the way I grow up, especially in developing my characters and good living habbits.
It seems that mother just play an role of babysister  , what she had taught.me is less than what my father did.
Father is always stricted with the details of my life, such as: sit up stright and do things independly as well as be an honest man.
As An Elder , he teach me by personal exampleas as well as verbal instruction.
he is filial to his parents and be friendly to neighbourhoods .
Society develops rapidly and the technology is improving.
Nowadays people seek the quick-fix lifestyle.
We hate to wait.
Instead of standing in line at the bank, we withdraw twenty dollars in as many seconds from an automatic teller machine.
We usually don't cook food for ourselves; we often eat fast food or go to convenience stores to buy some frozen food, and then heat them in microwave ovens.
People buy Polaroid cameras because the pictures can come out right away.
People like the fast-paced entertainment, so they record their favorite TV show on the VCR.
People like fast relief.
I think quick-fix lifestyle let us lose many joy.
I prefer slow-fix lifestyle.
Nowadays, most of the people are working all the time, and they even regard money as all of life.
I think we should relax ourselves properly.
And we should slow down our pace to admire the beautiful scenery in our life.
In our spare time, we can cook for ourselves and eat home-made bread.
We can take exercises every morning.
We can travel and take photos to record these beautiful experiences.
We should slow down our steps.
As we all know, the book's own house of gold, jade yenown book, the words are good , the book is our men tor .
saying the book to read a hundred time, it 's meaning from the see, so the book is the best partner in our life.
I am Li Hua, chairman of the Student Union, from Chengguang High School.
And I am going to take charge of the arrangement of your jouney.
There is no doubt that you'll arrive in Tianjin on June 25th, after a relaxing night, you'll take your students to reach our school in the morning next day.
There is going to be a lecture about the lifes in school and different cultures between our countries in the morning , where we are able to understand the different behaviors as well as thoughts between each other and broaden our horizon.
After that the time may go to the noon, so we expect your students to have lunch together with our school's students.
The Lunch will have dumplings, noodles, and other Chinese traditional food which I'm convinced that you'll like them.
This is a best opportunity for you and us to have a closer term each to each other.
In the afternoon, we are going to visit the Haihe River, which is acknowledged to be one of the most beautiful scenes in Tianjin.
Firstly, some of students like playing online games or reading e-books by cellphone, they will forget the time, so they will feel sleepy in class and draw their attention from the study, and overusing the cellphone can harm to our health.
Secondly, it is so commonly seen that students addicts attend to their phones, ignoring everything around them.
So in order to let the children independent.
It is advisable that parents helping them to lesson from their experience.
No smoking in the future and all from of recreation, such a cinemas, bowing softball, concerts and others will be provided free of charge by the city.
There are three persons in my family , my mother , father and I .
My mother is a math teacher .
So he reads books after work every day .
So many love stories have been talked about times to times, such as Romeo and Juliet Castles and Downton Abbey.
Even though he become a stars he also take good care of his girl.
Well, as the spring is coming up , the whole China well usher the biggest Chinese traditional festival-----The Spring Festival.
You know, The Spring Festival means many things to Chinese.
Such as dumplings, fireworks, lucky money--and so on.
Because of going to USA, when I come back to my hometown----Binzhou, Shandong, China, it is only 3 days before The Spring Festival, and everyone is busy.
On the NewYear's Eve, our family ate dumplings together.
We ate together as chated and watched TV.
Tomorrow, we went to visit my friends and relatives, and during the days after NewYear's Eve, many friends invited me to eat some delicious food together.
And this is why I written this essay so late.
Because of the serious problems caused by people's private cars.
Now the government in Beijing have already take some measures to limite the use of private cars.
With the development of our enconomy, each family can raise one or even more cars.
That caused so many problems about environment.
You won't see the road to be crowed anymore.
And you can enjoy the freash air during the day.
When you walking along the road side, you won't be mad just because the noise made from the cars.
However every coin have two sides.
Limiting the use of private cars also has some disadvertiges.
PRivate cars can help us to go everywhere in everytime.
After limiting the cars, it maybe bring some people inconvient.
It is unconvient to bring too mush things when you go out.
And to take bus will waste you so much time in the road.
What i'm saying is, we can use our private cars in a property way.
We need to know that cars are just a kind of trsnsport.
It's not the symbol of our rich.
We can regrad the cars as luxary goods.
We need to think about the environment we are living first.
IN recent years, There has emerged an interesting phenomenon that more and more are talking about the choice between city and country.
There are some advantages about the city.
Children who are living in the city have a clear classroom for studying.
Second, It's convenient to go anywhere.
For example, if you want to go shopping you can drive your own car or take a bus.
Third, city with the rapidly developing have more job opportunities, especially for young people.
The environment of countryside is good for peoples' health, especially for the old.
Therefore, it won't take many hours to go anywhere.
Finally, There are less burden and stress.
As far as I'm concerned, both city and country have lots of advantages.
One coin has two sides.
If I have a chance to chose, I will work hard in the city when I'm young and I will live in the country when I am an old man.
Group learning, forming a loose, democratic, harmonious teaching atmosphere, we compete in collaboration, namely the individual competition for the team competition.
It can improve the student's enthusiasm for unity and cooperation.
Heip the teacher to the student management.
Aiso can the friendship between classmates.
Therefore, group learning is a kind of good study menthod.
For example, funny.
I hope in my heart .
I feel her is my sister .
As the saying goes, in our daily life, frustration in everywhere.
Frustration is our life a part.
At present, college students deal with frustration ability is more poor.
At fist, as a teacher, they need cared more about students and encourage the students, at daily life they can make good friend with students.
Second, as parents, at ordinary times, they could often communicate with children, encourage children, with children deal with children's difficult that children confronted.
Finally, marry a man who I love.
There are many factors that can be linked to success.
As for abraham lincoln, the decisive factor of success is sufficient preparations.
Success never happen accidentally.
Only by making full preparation, can you achieve your goal.
We can take Bill Gates for a site.
This brilliant man created his computer empire  MICROSOFT when he was only around twenties.
He could never have had such success if he had merely waited for an opportunity.
In fact, his preparations started when he was a child.
Bill gates mastered designing computer programs when he was a teenager.
what's more, his idea of inventing Microsoft came into being before he went to college.
As university students , aiming high is quite necessary.
However, we should focus on the reality and have enough hard-working rather than dreaming all day and waited for success coming to us.
Nowadays there are been a heated discussion on the issue of college granduates' employment problems.
According to a recent survey, the major of the student want to be civil servarer.
That is so called the craze for civil service examinations.
And to the contrany, few students get devoted to building theirselves bussniss.
The rest of the students get to apply for a job consistented with their major.
There are differ from male to female.
In a general way, female always want to find a steady job then get married.
With the rapid development of science and technology in China, an increasing number of student come to realize that it is also of practical use to stick to the saying: Rome was not built in a day.
In our class, Most students eat heathy good.
our snaks are not heathy.
As everyone knows, smoking is not a good thing.
Not only it damages smoker's health, but also ruins someone's health who is nearby a smoker.
I think someone who want to have a cigarette may have too much pressure and doesn't know how to release.
Even though smoking is the only way to relax.
Maybe it just a habit to smoke and for nothing.
China have a long history of smoking, a plenty of people are addicted to smoking and can't help themselves.
The smokers not only hurt themselves but also influence other people.
Some teenagers try to smoke because of their tender age.
Actually, it goes ill with them.
Civil service exam in China national administration authority in the selection of the civil servants employed people identify a certain way.
It usually by the examination paper, inquiry, practical operation test, psychological tests to measure and assess enter oneself for an examination the civil service knowledge, ability, professional and technical level, personality and moral situation whether accord with the requirement of state administrative organs in some position.
Then a comprehensive evaluation of the results, and on this basis to decide whether to hire.
Of course, this job is steady.
It's salary is not high, but its benefit is good.
It's vocation also has much such as the National legal holidays.
As far as I am concerned, the civil service exam heat will continue to rise.
And this phenomenon also are not necessarily a bad thing.
And this phenomenon also are not necessarily a unfavorable thing.
Nowadays, a great number of problems in our Quality-Oriented Education System is becoming more and more obvious.
Under the control of that rigid education system.
Us students are forced to adjust ourselves to it.
As time goes by, we can create nothing but do exercise.
At the matter of fact, the fundamental problem of us Quality-Oriented education system isn't occur suddenly.
Facing the current situation.
facing the serious situation.
in my opinion.
Some of them who had a positive attitude to the Interent said we can access information via it as well as broaden our minds.
What's more, the Internet makes ti possible for us to communicate woth each other whenever and wherever.
And we share our ideas and photos freely.
In others opinion , going online frequenly has many disadvantages.
The reasons are follow.
When we go online , we sit too close to the screen and it's bad for our eyesight.
Some students even be hooked on computer games and chatting.
In my view, the Internet has both positive and negative influence on us.
Imagine that when you are cooking in the kitchen, your child gives you a towel.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I also take part in some after-school activities, such as social activities, physical education, watching English moives and so on.
I will give you some suggestions about how to choose a good atfter-school activity.
First, you should choose that what is your interst.
Second, It had better be good for your study.
The negative aspects are also apparent.
I most like the study way is to understand the teacher class content, understand the knowledge associated with it.
After that, for the preview text.
They do not understand the content, ask the teacher or classmates.
This is my love of learning, because it can be more effective to let me learn.
And this is my way of learning.
Learning in a variety of ways, it differs from man.
In Beijing, I most impress is the Beijing duck fell very decilious.
Now is still very aftertaste.
In fact.
Even many foreigners know more things about Beijing that I know.
To some extant, the beijing muicipal my favourate, but there are many beautiful place in China.
Reading can get rid of mediocrity, expand our horizons, improve our level of knowledge .
improve the level of knowledge, in order to better practice.
At the same time, also has a role in promoting reading practice.
understanding, will be easier to read.
experience, Comprehend the true meaning of life and create life value.
practice, in order to better play the role of the two.
Finally, I want to say is, reading and practice is the ladder of life progress.
Everyone knows that the food goes into the body through the mouth , gullet and stomach.
And then what causes it to be digested to send nutritious food to cells .
People gets energy to do what they want to do through this way.
People found out many things about the digest by an experiment .
Dr.
William Beaumont found out by observing a wounded stomach that what gave rise to digestion , a process of the changes in food as it went through the digestive tract was juice.
And Ivan P.
Pavlov found out how the juice was created .
When food enters the mouth , a nerve impulse goes to the medulla , and nest is sent back to the stomach.
And then muscles contract and the cells secret their juice in the stomach and gastrin , a hormone which makes the stomach's juice-secreting cells pour out more juice , into the blood.
In four or five hours, it enters the intestine, which bring about a whole new set of cells secreting in the intestine as well as in the liver and the pancreas.
In recent years, where you go, many students have been late, leave early and cut school on the class in college.
Anumber of factors could account for the issue but the following are the most critical one.
Fist of all , they think the lessons unimportance.
May be they lesson that they like class.
What's more , perhapes they feel boring and they doesn't intersting.
As far as I am concerned, although the universitise appear on the stage to keep students turn out to work quotienty but effect don't clear.
I think this issue may lead to serious consequences.
For one thing Theory knowledge does not.
Luoxuejuan is a beactiful girl who come from Zhejiang.
When she was young .
She trained swim all the time.2004 in the Athens Olympics to break the record, won the 100 m champion.2003 in the word championships in Barcelona to get three gold medals.
Louxuejuan, a chinese favorite swimmer.
She is a nice girl, and she is good at swimming.
In 2005, she won the first prtze in Olympics.
Nowadays, more and more people died because of car incident, and there is a result attributed the needless slaughter on street and highways to three general causes.
First, thanks to mechanical faiures, including faulty brakes and bald tyres.
For example, some people didn't get the driving licence, but they drive, and some didn't check up the car before driving, it often cause some incidents.
Another important reason is environmental conditions, it is precisely caused by blind corners, narrow street, heavy fog and intermittent rain or snow.
According to this, we are supposed to pay more attention on environment.
At eight, I am having breakfast.
Then I am playing basketball on the playground whit my friend.
I have lunch in the restaurant.
After lunch we go home.
At home, I am cleaning my bedroom, and my mother watching Tv.
My father is playing computer games.
The life is the most beautiful.
She always eat meal not on time .
She had prepared the scarf.
There are three reasons: The first reason is that TV news news report than in more depth; The second reason is, reading newspaper is not limited by time; The third is, reading the newspaper to think, is beneficial to improve intelligence.
So, I think the newspaper is a more desirable information sources.
There are a lot of interesting places in our school, for instance classrooms, reading room and playground.
I miss the summer in my childhood.
This is the most important.
I think that reading has every big effect to us, for us to read more books has a very important role in the future life.
The picture shows a father asked his daughter how was school today, and the girl told her father could read her blog to know.
The picture let me know that more and more people use the internet to communicate each other.
People less have a heart-to-heart talk.
In my opinion, electronic communication couldn't replace face-to-face contact.
Use electronic to communication would be more convenient, no matter how, people contact use this way cannot see the facial expressions who he/she was talking with, and that would bring more misunderstanding to you.
Everybody wants to be someone famous.
Because they think that those people are better.
When I was a kid, I frequently imagined that the next day after I get up I can become the very powerful monkey-SunWukong.
So I can do whatever I want to do, get whatever I need, and punish whomever I hate.
But each time, I get up disappointed.
Because I still was myself not that monkey.
When I am old, I want to be the people who is smarter and more beautiful than me.
So I did everything following them, such as buying something they have, doing my homework when they do, reading the same book what they read.
As a college student, first I still followed somebody to do something.
But when the work was finished, I did not feel happiness.
Even though I had done everything what can make others feel happiness.
Finally, I suddenly understand that.
Becaus I just always copy others, and didn't think about what I like and what I really want in my life.
Sometimes it is better to learn something like good character, behavior and attitude from others.
But we should aways remember that no matter what we do, we should follow ourselves idea and to certain that is what we want to do.
And another is to perfect the road construction.
Here he wrote a poem called A Epigraph in Praise of My Humble Home .
This poem to express his love of life and a totally noble quality.
H though prices high, but the content is worth somewhat.
The rivers and hills of Gulin are considered to be the best under heave.
Last summer, I went to Gulin with my parents.
It took us many hours to get there by train.
Then we spent almost an hour going to Yangshuo in riding bicycle.
On the way, we saw a lot of beauityful views, and we took many pictures there.
We rode with the wind that make us feel relaxing.
We rode in the sunshine that let us feel comfotable and warm.
Fiinally, we got to destination.
We saw the clear water of the Lijiang river.
and the green plants on the muntains.
We sat on the boat, difted on the water.
Enjoying the pretty view around us.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
As we all know, taking part in English speech competition is meanful.
Students get actively involved in the competition, thus contributing to improve our abilities concerning listening and speaking.
What' more, it is of vital importance to speak fluent Engish.
I'm extremely regret not to say goodbye face to face in that my Chinese family has some trouble, I have to return home immediately.
I think you're attending the speech contest at this time, so I have no opportunity to interpret the the situation .
Iwill solve the matter as soon as possible and I will turn back one day.
Wish you can win the first at the contest and make your dream come ture.
Please wait for me to explain to you.
One of the main reasons seems to be that people want to be made their own decisions on time and income .
The Spring Festival is the most inportant festival in China.
People often begin to get ready for the celebration a week before the New Year's Eve.
They usually decorate the doors and windows with red papercuts because they think red represents good luck.
On the New Year's Eve , the whole family get together for a big meal and sit together with talking and laughing.
During the festival, people usually put up new clothes and visit relatives and friends.
  to each other.
The Spring Festival brings winter to an end and is the symbol of the new year.
It can help to save a lot of time that students can do more other things.
The computer games may take much of their time.
Today, the development of fashion, more and more university students like to pursue famous brands, and this phenomenon is more and more common.
However, people take different views on this question.
As far as I'm concerned , I think pursue famous brands on one hand university student to search for personal development, on the other hand I think pursue famous brands is kind of position performance.
But, as the saying goes  industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality her left  .
In modern times, Smart phone get great developing.
They are small with huge functions, people can use them anytime and anywhere.
For example, when we are in a new location, they can support me find the place where we want to go.
It is helpful.
However, they also take trouble to us.
From this picture we can see, The senior people of family have prepared a table of food for their children.
But their children play phone of all.
How upsets they are.
At the same time, people like to talk with the person who they don't know.
When I had finished watching the movie, I was excited and wanted to watch it again.
Cause he is a smarty pants and he never give up hope.
He once said a word.
  .
He bit the bullet.
In a few years time.
He used a small hammer to escape.
He never gives up.
My friend is Mary.
Her name is Mary Green.
She live in the USA.
Her phone number is 420-347-889.
Her QQ number is 372252002.
I am live in China.
My phone number is 13934578990.
My QQ number is 372252003.
My name is X, and my English name is Vivi.
I'm from P, T.
My family have 6 people, including grandma, father , mother , sister and brother and me.
I like playing badminton and listening to music.
Sometimes I will go to the library to read books which can improve my knowledge.
I will go shopping with my best friendin my spare time.
when I visit a beautiful place, I will take photos.
As for me , I want to be a good teacher when I was a young girl , but now I want to be a translator.
As an university student, I hope I can have a colorful life.
aAt last , Practice makes perfect  is my motto.
As long as it can stimulate students' interest in learning English, so learning English for students it is a pleasure rather than a grind.
As is known to all , some languages die out because of the death of the people who speak them.
It is absolutely that the disappearance of a language will do some damage to a certain culture related to this language.
For language is a bridge that connects different cultures.
That is to say, the disappearance of a language means the disappearance of a culture and a nationality.
Besides, It is a fact that our government are paying much attention to protect many endangered language due to the value if scientific.
we are clear that a kind of language can bring us many things when researched such as the fortune, the promotion of soft power and cultural prosperity.
To sum up, we are not qualified to evaluate a kind of language and It is reasonable in everything's existence.
In the eyes of the students, it is a great teacher, but it is always a destruction of the moon's alien.
My name is P, I am a 19 years old, I live in the beautiful city of T. I am active.
Sunny and clever boy.
In the school, my favourite subject is English.
Perhaps someone thinks it is difficult to study well.
I believe that if you try your best, everything can done well.
I also like stops very much.
Such as playing basketball.
swimming.
running.
I always believe that one will easily log behind unless he keeps on learning.
OK, this is me.
Sports is very common in our life.
In order to stay fit, we should take much exercise as we can.
Jogging really is one of these easy ways for us.
If you would like to do well in English quickly, watching more English movies may be very useful.
You can take part in community activities such as reading club as well as magic club.
I think that it depends on your favourites or interest.
Only you like this activity, you can completely do it well.
And frustration can make our stronger .
College students poor ability to cope with frustration.
such as , many college did not how to deal with frustration , when there face frustration their always at a loss as to what to do .
and then, their always feel nevous.
Their did not face frustration can make our more courageous .
As a college students we should not be afraid of difficulties, the courage to face the difficulties.
And parents should not spoiling children to much, parent should give children more space.
It is my honor to introduce my hometown to you .
It is surrounded with beautiful environment and rivers .
HeFei as the center of AnHui , it is economy is very fast and every year it still make great interesing .
And HeFei has lots of places of interest , such as the modle of island and others You konw, as a city try his best to develope articilate , his environment must be damaged.
People lives here , hasing a busy life.
Old people has used to doing exereise very morning and evening And people is very kind to help some in trouble .
Thirdly, after long terms of mind improvement, when meeting emergencies, one can quickly calm down and come up with considerable approaches.
It is quite clear that rear window culture has merits as well as demerits.
One of the important advantages is that the interesting stickers can lend delight during the boring journey.
Especially in traffic jam, drivers'anger and boring will be greatly eased by these posters.
Besides, different stickers on the rear window of the car can show the unique personality of the car owner, making the car looks differently from others.
However, if the car is decorated excessively, the drivers' eyes will be arrested easily, and the amount of accidents will rise.
To make matters worse, if the stickers cover the license plate, the car owner will be fined.
In my opinion, a picture can really tell a thousand words.
Many people are used to looking at the pictures first when buying things on the Internet because pictures are more attractive than words.
So a group of well-designed pictures are easier to catch people's attention than a deep article.
Solving the geometry problems is the same.
You can't work it out only by reading the topic.
This Winter Holiday, I join in an party, this party was my friends holding.
He invite many friends.
But there was a very big rainy.
Many people did not come.
In fact, there was only three people coming.
Because of the heavy rainy , I wonder we must sleep here in master friends.
This is master is first Pajama Party.
So we also can celebrate , but the master(one of my friends) love clean very very much.
But the other friend was a little .
sloppy.
So they can not get well.
There were a lot of things.
The main activities were telling the ghost story.
The master start to say one story''Once upon a time , there was a people , he was very sloppy.
''And we all know what happen.
They quarrel constantly.
Suddenly, the power off.
We all frightened, so we want to go to the basement to restore power .
However, the basement was very dirty.
The master did not want to go to the basement.
The other friend went the basement without saying anything to restore power.
At last, I know one thing: Never judge people by their appearance.
Nowadays, the cellphone plays a more and more imporant role in our daily life.
The teachers, the businessmen , even the school children take cellphones wherever they go.
To begin with , as a wireless cellphone, it's really convenient for the users to contact others whenever they want.
During our festival and holiday, it's so easy to convey our blessings to our relatives, sending them one message by cellphone is OK.
Second, some cellphones make it easy for users to surf the Internet, enjoy music, take photos and watch videos, moreover, with the development of modern high technology, the cellphone's functions are becoming more and more complete.
For example, we can use cellphones to download e-books, and then we don't have to go to the bookstore to buy or read the books in paper, besides with cellphones, we can take the books wherever we go in our pochets.
However, the cellphone has many disadvantages.
For one thing, the machine itself is expensive and its local service costs a lot, not to mention its global service.
For another, the electromagnetic radiation from the cellphone might do harm to the user's health, although the electromagnetic radiation can not be proven absolutely whether it's really harmful to human beings or not, but we can say with certainty, electromagnetic radiation is absolutely useless.
In my part of view, with its expenses being reduced sharply after China's entry into the WTO, its development will have a brighter future.
However, we should not use the cellphones in a wild way.
Exactly, I mean we should not use the cellphones if this makes other people unpleasant and inconvenient.
That is to say that we should pay attention to the time and the place to use it, we should know when is the good time to use it and where is the proper place to use it in order not to disturb our work and study.
For instance, as the students, it's forbidden to use cellphones during the class, especially for the pupils, they have no need to use cellphones, because they get easily addicted to it, they can't easily get rid of it.
So for theses pupils, it's better to give them the cellphone which only has the function to call.
And after class, we should limit our time to use it, while we are doing homework, we should pose it somewhere else.
And while we are eating or sleeping , we should also pose it somewhere else.
To be more specific , material success means I can live on my own--there's enough money for me to take care of myself, and in addition, to be given to my parents with which they can buy whatever they want.
Happiness consists in the love from the family, the care from my lover and the loving social relationship between people.
We should try our best to study hard, at the same time.
As we all cognize, there are plenty of smokers in the world.
Smoking is just like a habit of all the smokers.
In china, people also smoke.
Nevertheless, according to the professional investigation, most chinese people don't have a good health, especially chinese smokers.
'Opinions are vary from person to person.
However, most chinese people are opposed to smoking.
Whatever the smokers and other people have said before, I insist that smoking should be banned in china, as soon as possible.
First of all, smoking is unfavorable for people's health.
It's common knowledge that the cigarettes carry nicotine, which is a kind of thing can contribute to cancer.
What's more, if a smoker smokes too much a day, he or she will fall emotionally-depressed.
Secondly, the gas from smoking can cause air pollution in the environment.
Unfortunately, the gas not only can cause air pollution, but also can bring diseases to people, which is caused by the smoke from cigarettes.
It's hard for us to envisage that we breathe the gas from smoking here and there.
Last but not least, what's the most curial thing is that smoking is connected with the image of the smoker, the city and the country.
Smoking can reveal the quality of the people, who stands for the city and the country.
In conclusion, smoking can causes a lot of problems.
It's necessary for us to make efforts to ban smoking in china.
I hold a firm belief that we can reduce the number of the smokers in the future.
Now, many people keeping pets at their home .
But some people support to keeping pets at home.
their think that people at home is lonely.
Pets can stay with people so that people wouldnot so lonely.
The another of people are not support to keeping pets at home.
they think that pets are so dirty, if keep pets at home, the pets will bite the things, and pets have lots of any things.
In may oppion, keep pets can stay with people to relax so that we will not so lonely.
year at the college .
Be a teacher is my dream since childhood.
I've done it before.
but i delete it later and can not be handed.
The picture shows us that an old personin front of a big mirror saying that I am lonely, because my son and daughter are not at home, and, the lonely person's shadow is beside her.
From the picture, I know that, many young people go out to work to support their families.
Howere, their old parents are left at home alone.
In my mind, I really like the aged people, they will not want we make contributions for them, they only want we can stay with them.
