But some people wouldn't like to read, even hate reading.
As a student, my teachers stress the importance of reading more than once.
Indeed, reading can have a positive impact on us.
Reading can give us konwledge and some experience from the book which we read.
  Experience is the best teacher  , which was said by a philosopher in the ancient China.
By this token, we can learn many knowledge and experience by practise, and we can get sense of achievement from success.
In my opinion, i think we should balance them.
Only reading books, we cannot get experience; only doing practice, we cannot get the thoughts of other people.
Primary school, the first place l touch English knowledge.
At the beginning of the term, l always feel frustrated because I can't memorize new words deeply and read with pace.
This is results from several factors.
When l learn a new word , l feel happy for my progress.
  In addition, English can provide us for many helps.
As William Black to say:  The foll see the tree, and the wise see the tree, both of are not the same.
Many students will no longer pay attention to study, but playing games or sleep, spend the time on unnecessary things.
Our college is to study konwledge, not to waste time.
First, we should correct our thoughs, we must become hardworking to study.
Second, we should read some useful book.
For most countries, the economic growth has caused a disharmony between people and the environment.
With a rapid increase of population, a lack of resources exists.
For instance, water has become a luxury in some developing countries.
It is urgent to take certain measures to prevent the environment getting worse, however, we can do some simple things as a vulgar.
When we go out of our bedroom, we should take off the light immediately.
If everyone make a little contributions, our world will get better and better.
In my opinion, people can not imagine what our life will be without water, the amount of water we can drink is little.
there are many reasons resulting in water shortage.
Firstly, we pollute lots of clean water in our common life, such as throwing dead body of animals and poisonous medicine into lake.
As a citizen, the water resources protection is our duty.
On the one hand, we ourselves should save water and not pollute it.
On the other hand, we can persuade and appeal other people to protect water .
Some students agreed that students should choose books to read.
Through that , we not only gain knowledge but also broaden our horizon .
It is a long time since we met last time.
I miss you very much.
My life in the university started a month ago.
My idea of university has changed.
When I was in senior school, as you know, I thought the college life would be very relaxing , and we would have a lot of time to do what we like.
But after this month's study, I think university is a place where we can improve our skills, such as communicating skills, speaking skills, etc.
We should use our precious time in the university not only acquire the knowledge which we need, but also learn some skills.
To increase our cultivation, we can read some books.
Reading something about philosophy can make you become more logical, you can read some books whose authors are Plato, Aristotle, Hume, Spimnoza, Locke, John Deway and the other great thinkers.
History can let you know more about your country and the other countries in different periods, and you'll be talkative when you talk with different people, I'm sure you'll find satisfaction after talking.
Art can cultivate your interest, so you can find the happiness of life.
Summertimes is the best time of year.
In this summer holidays, I spent a large amount of time in staying at home.
I relaxed myself by reading books and watching TV.
I also hung out with my friends.
I got up a little late in the morning, but I insisted to eat breakfast.
I tried to my best to help my mother do some chores, and I tried to make a meal for my family.
During the holidays, I got a part-time job as a salesclerk, but two days later, my boss had to leave.
I earned one hundred yuan.
Finally, I chose to stay at home.
In fact, experience is more important than money.
Let us analyse something about the e-book .
Firstly, the current situation of the e-book: the manufacturing technology is not perfect and the price is high .
The development of e-books are a revolution.
It includes all kinds of modern high-technology achievements.
When we reading the e-book , it is more frivolous and just need consume some power .
As the carrier, storage capacity is infinite.
Besides, it can leave out the printing, warehousing and logistics link.
E-book sales can break through some problems : such as business premises.
E-book also confront some problems .
For the first, the prices of it is expensive .
Besides, The content of the e-book relatively scarce.
It is really impress in my memory.
It is big and beautiful.
My first teacher is a woman.
She is very strict in our study.
In fact , I think she is a good teacher like a strict mum.
She also tought us sports skills.
I alos remember her tought me my favourite sport, football.
I played football very well in grade 1.
My best is a lovely girl.
Beacuse I think she was like boy.
Her English was very good in my thought.
I'm l.
I think college is nice.
I have three years in this college.
In my part time, I want to look many books that I never look in high school , so I'll often go to look book.
As we all know, Wang Zhizhi is a hard-woring basketball player.
And he never give up.
At the 2010 Asian games of mens basketball finals, he also not let Chinese people down.
In the first half, he score without diffculty.
However, at the end of the game, his teammates is too tired to move.
Then, his rival is leading, while all of the teammate having no way to win the game.
He succeed in helping his teammate to score.
Form Wangzhizhi, I konw if you never give up, then you will be succseeful.
And they need not worry about the cash which they bring be stolen as they are walking in the street.
The third is that using credit cards can decrease the chance of receiving forged notes to the minimum.
So that getting a good education can enrich our personal ability .
The education is counts .
Therefore , someone who get a good education can make a good contribution to the society.
On my last holiday, I went to Wudadao with my parents.
There were many old family housesof some famous people.
There were many history of these people.
Then we took a carriage to look around the Wudadao.
There was another style and I felt it was historical.
I think our trip was very interesting.
He said, Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathenatics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
Suddenly, he saw a poor lady sitting on the floor.
But I will have no money to buy what I want.
. But, helping people is the most important thing to me!
After few minutes, The little boy decided to walked to the poor lady and gave the money to poor lady with a friendly big smile.
The poor lady got something she needed, and the little boy learned a lesson: ''Helping people is more important and happily than buying what he wants.
I think advertisement is blessing to us.
We are always seeing advertisement on TV or newspaper and video.
Maybe we thought they make us puzzle.
In my opinion, advertisement can give us much information to us about some new things.
So we can know what new things have been producted quickly.
Then ad can make us relaxing.
Because when we are watching a movie long time you need something to relax your eyes.
So at that time, you can take a rest.
And what's important, there is another kind of ad.
It can give you the information what you want know such as finding job, finding house or selling things.
When the host declared the outcome that another men own this year's nobel price, a response that it is likely that women shouldn't appear to be as smart as men is being made by plenty of people.
Until now, we have studied English for 7 years.
We always do exercise for listening.
Reading and writing all the time.
But we find a question is that students pay attention to spilling less and less.
I think the reason is we have to remember so many words.
So we have to think the way to solve this problem.
For example, we can get up early to read English words.
On the one hand, we can read English newspapers to increase our vacabulary.
On the other hand, we should try to use new words when we are writing.
Besides, when we listen to strange words, seeking them and keep in your mind.
What's more, these people lack awareness of ethic and they don't care for others' health.
However, if a foreign friend camn to my hometown, i would conduct him to enjoy the beautiful night sky, then you will see many light starts in the black night sky, you will listen to melodious bug tweet , listen to stream sounds.
with wind blowing you face.
Now, More and more students are banned in the classroom especially in the morning.
As the often pointed out by some people, It could agree that students have a breakfast or some snacks in the classroom, In their mind, Classroom not only is a place to study but also a home to entertainment.
When we have a long time to study and feel tried, Some food can help we concentrate on the study and so on.
But, The other people agree that banned in the classroom is a curse rather than a blessing, They think that it is brought some unfavorable problems, The major one is school.
If we all eating food in the classroom and put the rubbish in the classroom.
It will increase pressures on cleaner of the school.
In my opinion, As a student, Our real task is study and have a good habit.
In my famliy hane my mother father and i, first in activity we mutual send ones respects to, send regards to friends, second have a family dinner, last we watch TV.
Not only the brilliant runner, but also a world-famous football player met with success on the grounds of perseverance.
With no money, a poor boy called Beckham dreaming to take part in a professional team kicked cans every day in order to be skillful.
On the way to success, we may get into trouble, but we should never give up.
Second because reading can make us relax and enjoy the joy of the book.
As we all know, many students will cheat in exams.
I do not think so.
Not the same students are not the same reason.
Grade point average of students in order to pass the exam.
If they could not pass the exams, their teachers and parents will blame them, and their friends may be laughing at them.
So they had to cheat.
Some good students, they want to get a good mark, and they want the praise of teachers and parents.
If they had a nice result, everyone may envy them.
When I see when they get good grades by cheating, I will have the impulse to cheat.
But when I think of the honesty, I always hold back.
Everyone living in the world has their own goals.
Love and knowledge, it's very possible.
For getting a happy and stable life, that is to aspire but not everyone can get.
So I can say that these three passions is very important for me.
In recent decades, there has been a growing trend that people choose to travel in many places with China's economic prospect.
In the first place, there is some incontrovertible evidence to suggest that it is of great benefit for us to choose guided tour.
We do not have to care about the hotel, transportation and so on because the only thing we have to do is to pay for the travel agency.
What is more, there are several advantages that self-service trip on people.
According planning our own trip, we can go anywhere we want without the worries about other people's feeling.
Furthermore, we can determine the time we begin.
From my standpoint, I prefer to choose guided tour for the reason that I care about my safety more than any other thing just like freedom.
As is indicated by the chart, there have been dramatic changes in the quantity of cell phone users.
It has soared from 500 in1999 to 900 in 2000, during the short period.
Firstly, what the development of technology has brought up can contribute to the popularity of phones.
Secondly, it's convenient for people to carry something protable with them.
From my perspective, its benefits do overweigh its defects heavily.
Although to a certain degree, the overuse of phones does harm to people's health.
A man without proper use of the tool which is widely used, is more inclined to suffer both body and mental illness.
In the chinese textbook in senior high school, there's an essay written by Woolf titled The Mark On the Wall---her first work in the stream of consciousness, which confused me a lot.
However, I became interested in the author Virginia Woolf.
And her another work A Room of One's Own has struck a chord in my heart, quite resonated.
Now comes To the Lighthouse.
Before this, let's take a short view at Woolf and her works.
Her insight into our emotions, feelings and thought processes shows a complex understanding of human nature that even therapists would envy.
She brings changes in everyday relatioonships to life, invoking inner perceptions and presenting dialogues with a subtlety that is missing from TV series.
Woolf herself is a sensitive individual and her writings are filled with the vitality of people's changing emotions.
form of her works is the stream of consciousness.
The key figures the book shows are Mr. and Mrs. Ramsay, two characters representing different ways of seeing the world.
Different thought processes create different results.
Ramsay is an earth mother  , sensitive and emotional, with a very subjective attitude toward things, like the ordinary female.
This novel throws up some big questions in life.
Mr.
These are brought to the matter of philosophy.
To the Lighthouse highlights the difficulties we have in pinning relationships and experience down.
That's where it attracts me.
As Naomi Bran's survey conveys that what they like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other can reach them.
In my view, college students' attitude towards cellphone could be described like this what they like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people they don't like disturb them.
I expect I will make more friends and read more useful books.
The Internet plays a important role in our daily life.
More and more people rely on it.
Eveyone need Internet.
It make long distance short.
People can chat by email, qq and facetime.
If you are too lazy to shopping, also you can buy something on the Internet.
Internet has so large infomation that we can find everything we want.
The pretty pictures, the songful musics, the famous movies, the interesting wedsite, ect.
Internet has everything that includes you can't imagine.
But nothing is perfect.
The internet also has shortcoming.
It's so convenient that some evildoers use internet threat others.
In my opions, the Internet is a two-edged sword.
We need to distingguish which is right and which is false.
You must try your best to fit the conditions .
Making some lists and spending more time in working something you are interested in.
Arroding to the large export order, a foregin language training for some staff who can't communicate well with others by English is necessary.
For example, many people go to KTV to release their emotions.
But, undoubtedly, overly amusement also make up some damages to our society.
On the one hand, it was easy to bring up man's laziness.
I read an email from Canadian student on P71 of the students' books.
In school there are eight classes a day.
A lesson about fourty-five minutes.
We have a two hour lunch break.
We have seven kinds of lessons .
They are Chinese, Mathes, Englinsh, Physics, Chemistry, History, Geography and Politics.
After school we have all kinds of activities.
Some of students play sports in the stadium or playground.
Some of students do the experiments in the laboratory.
As far as we know, to Chinese people, nothing is more important than the Chinese Spring Festive.
People celebrate it in a magnificent manner.
Before the Chinese Spring Festival, people always buy new cloths.
What's more, there is a common phenomenon that almost every families paste the couplets on walls.
During the Chinese Spring Festival, people often have a new year's eve feast which is really a huge meal in the New year's eve.
Children like making firecracker.
So according to these examples, we can see that they have cultural backgrounds and origins, but the two essential holidays also have several similarities.
We are pleased to advise you that your goods under the Sales Confirmation have been shipped by S.
Pearl  , then transshipped by S.
And we also need to find the happiness, the true happiness come from our deep heart which can't be measured by money, I am in trouble in my life now, but I still remember such a sentence I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards which encourages me all the time.
Frist, you can take part in a Chinese club, in the club, you can learn some very good waies to how to learn chinese well.
Second, you can watch chinese TV, and so on.
Fourth, you can make some chinese friends, you can make friend in chinese club, beacuse in the club you and your classmate have some insterests in common.
If you have some insterests in common your will be in friend very fast.
Nowadays internet become more and more helpful and important in people's lifes.
But there are also many troubles beacause of internet.
Internet makes life more convinient.
In the past, people had to go out for shoping if they want to buy something they needed.
But now, we can stay at home and just click the mouse.
The products will come to your house in just some minutes or a few hours.
We can get messages in internet.
You can get news from all over the world where'er you are.
Sit on your chair what you need is just a computer then you can get any information you want.
There are many bad things in the internet.
Such as the vedio about violence the images about eros.
There are also many problems because of internet .
But I think the most important is what we do.
Hainan is in the south of China.
It is the second largest island in China and it's very beautiful.
Hainan is famous for its blue sky, fresh air and sea.
It's warm in winter that many tours set come here in winter.
There are many scenery in it, such as Wuzhi mountain, Wanquan river and so on.
And Hainan is surrounded by the sea.
So the Hainan's seafood is very famous.
The fruits in Hainan almost tropicana fruits, example coconuts, bananas, pineapples.
If you come to Hainan you'll feel people in Hainan are in a very friendly way.
My life in the future will be colorful and meaningful.
I think I want to be a great doctor.
Successful are those who are willing to take pains.
The future to find a good job.
Then buy the house and car.
To find a wife.
And mom and dad happy life together.
Holiday time and family to go out to travel.
And friends to drink tea, play a play.
At work, do your best to save more people.
Let more people out of the pain of torture.
Ordinary over their life.
There are mang different animals from different countries.
They are white and black .
They are antional treasure.
And I like monkeys , too.
They are kind for people.
They are very funny.
They can cilmb trees.
I'm very happy to introduce miss suan to you.miss san was a secretary in my office in the past two years.
Dring the working time, she was very struggling and responsible for her work .
On the other hand , she is good at English and German so she is able to do some interpretation work.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying private cars.
When it bring us convenience also bring something we don't want.
Example it make the environment more and more bad and cause the traffic jam.
It's make people become more lazy than before.
It's not good for our health.
But in the other hand, it make our life more convenience than we don't have it.
Peoleo who want to go to the distance can choose to drive private car.
It maybe more free.
The privent cars have two face, on the one hand is good, on the other hand is bad.
Nowday, students'cheating is a popular phenomenon in the society.
Most people don't know why students need cheat in the exams.
For the students who always fail in the exams, they cheat only expect to get a better grades, so that they can avoid always being the last ones of all students.
At the same time, if they couldn't make great progress, their parents and teachers may scold them.
For the students who are regarded as the top students, they are used to enjoying others students envy.
For them, they are not satisfied with grades they have got.
But they choose the wrong way.
In my opinion, it is important for students to build up right attitude before exams.
They should know character is more important than grades and they should also realize that they can't always get good grades by cheating in the exams.
The only way to get good grades is studying hard.
The most important thing to avoid cheating is that parents and teachers shouldn't make students be limited by so much pressure.
A famous actor called Cheng Long once said a sentence: No business, no killing in a commercial.
Obviously, if no one needs the things of animals, people will not kill them cruelly.
It's wrong for people to hunt animals for their meat, fur, and feather.
However, many people still have the bad habit of eating animals' meat.
So a lot of restaurants prepared many dishes of animals in order to meet various customers' need.
Actually, this world is a chain.
Every kind of animal has its own place in the balance of nature.
So killing animals can create many problems.
There are more and more endangered animals at present.
Luckily, some people are working to help save the animals and get the government to pass law protecting animals in danger.
And experts also have been trying to persuade people who have the bad habit not to eat animals by all means.
But there're still some people don't take care of that words and do what they used to do as usual.
Protecting animals don't rely on stoping hunting and ordering restaurants not to sell them.
And I think the customers who eat wild animals' meat are to blame seriously more than sellers.
It's easy to see that if no one buys, hunters will not be crazy about killing them.
When the buying stops, the killing can, too.
At the same time, hunters must be punished, too.
I hope everyone can do something for animals.
From the picture , we can see that online rumors has a negative influence on us .
There are some ways in the following , we should learn to differ the bad from the good , and we should do it by ourselves.
First of all, chinese people learning style is diverse.
Chinese people have a clever mind, for us, and constantly to learn the different kinds of knowledge is a shortcut to enrich our experience.
And then, in china, most chinese people are suffering from a examination education influence, so learning style and some invariable and preciseness.
So, the chinese learning style is a combination of diversification and rigid change.
As is known to us all, different people have different ways in study.
To be honest , different people have different way in learning.
Some way is good for study as well as some ways is bad for study.
For example , some students like reading at morning and writing at night, because they think their memory is the strongest at moring so that they can remenber the knowlledge quickly .
As for as I am concerned, my way of study is very practional.
Firstly, I get up early everyday so that I have the time to read words and article and then I can keep them in my mind quickly.
A Successful Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the U.
Thanks to the NAFTA , the deficits and job loss have accelerated in U.
While the U.
S. government push forword to promote Fast Track trade policies, without step back for a stratigic pause to consider Thoroughly the following : igoring the imports and counting only exports; the manufacturing sector suffer the greatest job loss; the susutained and substantial appreciation of the U.
Situated at the north-western tip of Jiangxi county, bordering Fengxin county with a small winding river is my l old hometown, the humble and bleak industry and relatively highly developed forestry and tourism village.
Because death penalty is simply a violent punishment of the body, it can neither transform their mind nor change their nature, for it allows no opportunity for the correction in mind .
I acquired a lot.
In my heart, I am really appreciate him .
In this story, three people arrived at the centre of the earth by chance.
The process of escaping was so excited that I was deeply attracted by it.
I really like this film, which told a so exciting story.
It has opened my eyes and made me fall in love with this kind of films.
I have also learned some qualities from the characters.
We should be brave to face all kinds of problems in our daily lives.
Luo xuejuan Nickname is lolo, 23 years old.
She is very like the swimming, swimming training since she was young.
Since 2000, has won many national games and the Asian games champion luo xuejuan, broken national breaststroke records and Asian record for many times, and won a good ranking in the world.
This winter holiday my friends and I had a trip to a southern Chinese city last week.
We got together at the airport at about 7 o'clock.
We arrive there at 9 o'clock.
We had a great trip.
Firstly, we went to the Green Farm by car for 20 minutes in the morning.
And then, we picked vegetables and watered the plants.
We helped each other.
At about 12 o'clock, we ate some delicious healthy food.
We ate very well, and didn't produce waste.
This activity can help us to experience the daily life in the farm and develop the ability to do farm work.
It is approximately 6 cm long and 3 cm wide.
Protable as it is, I can use it to connect with anyone I want in any place.
It's made of metal .
And then there are the succession , wash the cars.
Especially good physically ability.
It's universally acknowledged that a number of students in the universities like to find part-time jobs, and the part-time jobs more and more popular to college students.
As for the advantages and disadvantages of college students' taking a part-time job, everyone has their own opinion.
Firstly, a part-time job can let us earn some money.
it can reduce our parents' stress, or it may not a large number of money, but it earn by ourselves, we must be very happy that we are independent to do something without our parents.
Secondly, we can contact with more people and make friends with them.
Usually, we only communicate with our parents, teachers and schoolmates, so it's the best way to populate our network.
Third, some people say that we don't have experience and it will create new opportunities for criminals.
And those experiences can make our have more advantages when we find a job in the future.
However, in the final exam, she got only thirty seven in her English.
She was so sad and did not talk with anyone.
What an unethical person.
I could not help saying loudly, Lady, please come here and keep the road clean.
She has never affected other people's rights.
Sam and Tom are good friends.
They have someways the same and some difference.
Sam is smarter than Tom, and Sam is also taller than Tom.
But Sam is not as thin as Tom, he is heavier than Tom.
So Tom runs faster than Sam.
Though they get up as early as each other.
But Tom is not so hard-working as Sam.
But he is friendlier than Sam.
It can bring disease.
I miss you very much.
I write the letter to tell you that my birthday is coming, I am going to have a big birthday party to celebrate it at Van Gogh Art College of art in London.
I really hope you can come so we can play and sing songs together.
That must be a happy time.
The birthday party is going to start at twelve o'clock and end at two o'clock in the afternoon.
I think it is convenient for you to come at that time, so I want to invite you to come to my birthday party.
My mother is going to make all Kinds of delicious food for us, so you don't need to bring any food if you come.
As we know, there are more and more students which graduated from the high schools enter the universities.
Like the saying goes:  as a coin has two points  .
The intake expansion give more chances to the students to learn more knowledges .
At the same time.
it also lead to many problemsfor the students coming.
To begin with , the traffiic are very heavy than before.
Futher more , it cause a lot of pollutions , such as air pollution, noise pollution and water pollution.
Aa far as I am conccerned , I think we should develop our traffic symstem for making it convenient for people to go to school and go shoppingsa well as others.
For a mean while, we should pay more attention to protect our enviroment from now on, and everything as we can as possible.
At last but not at least, it is important to devolop our economic to creat more chances for jobs.
As far as I know, it's the Spring Festival that is regarded as the most important festival in China.
Before the Spring Festival, people do some cleaning.
It's thought that bad luck will be swept away.
The couplet that put up on the door is necessary.
During the Spring Festival, If the family didn't get together, it would be a pity all over the year.
In addition, people dress themselves and send greetings to others with smile on their faces.
Last but not in the least, it is considered that the firecraker will bring good luck.
There is a developing country in Europe where I dream to visit.
Situated in the middle of Europe, Switzerland takes an area of fourty one thousand square kilometers.
There are seven point five billion people live inSwitzerland.
With many famous cities, such as Berne, the capital city of Switzerland and Geneva, one of the most famous cities in the world, Switzerland attacks me a lot.
Austria, France, Italy and Germany lie around Switzerland.
Switzerland is a fascinating country with many beautiful places.
What's more, it is known as the World Garden.
That is why I dream of visiting there.
I think Switzerland is a wonderful country with comfortable lifestyle.
It is said that fat people usually kind and humorous.
Before the thing I always thought alone at home is very good.
One day, my parents interim decision on a business trip, and I only alone at home.
On Saturday, my best friend and I played outside all day.
We went to see a movie, went shopping, and went to the supermarket to buy snacks and drink.
After the home, I was watching TV while eating snacks.
The second day wake up has arrived at noon.
And I have a stomachache because last night I ate too many snacks.
I don't know how to take medicine and how to go to the hospital.
I lay in the bad until my parents come back at noon.
When they went home, they took me to hospital.
But we can probably divided into two categories.
They said no matter whether they read literature continues to their life .
Another part think it is very important in their life .
them treat it as a part of their vital .
I take part in lots of activities in my free time.
For example, I always try to have club activities.
At the weekends, I often go to the playground to do some sports with my friends.
I think that it can make me more healthy, make our friendship closer as well.
By joining in these activities, I want to give some advice how to choose activities to students.
First, we need choose which we like best to participate in, because that it's good for us to enjoy activities better.
No matter how, I encourage students take part in after-school activities actively.
All students try their best studying in high school , because every one want to go to a good university .
They think that going into the college means having a fine work .
Some people said the university is a small society .
Students in the college should try to adjust the life that they will face in the future, I support this opinion .
When the time in the university goes by, They will suddenly find that they have learned nothing .
In my opinion , we should try our best to learn professional knowledge and get in touch with the society as quickly as possible .
College is only a platform for students to touch the society early .
Through the wonders of modern technology, a mushroom of people would rather work at home than in the company.
As for this phenomenon, different people have different ideas.
Someone claims that it is beneficial for workers.
While others argue that working at home enhances not only workers'efficiency but also cut employee's expenses down obviously such as the rent.
First of all, people can take advantage of their time to do many things simultaneously rather than waiting for getting off working after finished their works.
For example, when workers do their tasks, they can also cook lunch.
Maybe you will conclude that it is just good for workers from this aspect.
However, in fact it make us feel passion ate about work.
On the other hand, they are able to fulfill their works perfectly.
Furthermore, If people work at home, employees need not hire an office where they work together with others.
Last but not least, we don't have to spend a lot of time on the way to the company.
In short, working at home has some advantages over working in the corporations.
First, I think this activity is of great importance.
It is aimed st teaching us some knowledge and skills which can save our life when an incident happens.
Second, I must point out that error in the progress.
Many of us do not attach enough importance to it.
Last, I'd like to give some advice.
Listen to the teachers and obey the orders.
Keep calm and look at around.
Some people believe that we should help strangers.
They think help strangers is a virtue.
The Spring Festival in My Hometown, a few days before it, many will go out to purchase, New Year's eve that day we'll stick in your own door cowplet, each major market will hang a lantern.
In the New Year's eve that night the family get together to eat hot pot, watching the Spring Festival evening party, the next day morning, to eat glutinous rice balls to represent one family together.
My favourite famous person is Albert Einstein.
His attempt to explain the working of the universe helped create such things as nuclear energy space travel and television.
The modest Einstein used to say that the only gift he had was curiosity .
, i prefer his sense of humor.
in this unit, i learn more about Albert Einstein, he is not only a great man but also a man who had a sense of humor .
He let the driver instead him to attend the lecture , and When his driver was has a trouble by one question , he is very clever that he told that man his drive can complete this question .
and that two people meshed with each other smoothly .
while they drive back .
Einstein had a sense of humor to said that it's pleasure to be Hans driver.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, English is an international language, and we communicate with foreigners in English.
Secondly, learning English can improve our ability, for example, if we learn English well can read foreign literature.
Finally, English is a subject for our students which we must learn, because if we want to graduate from university successfully, we must pass the English examination.
Clap hands with them.
I get up at eight o'clock on Saturday.
I have breakfast at half past eight.
I do homework at nine o'clock after breakfast.
At ten o'clock, I have a break at home and Iplay games with my brother.
I have lunch at half past twelve.
I read books at two o'clock in the afternoon.
I am L, I saw an advertisement which want a kingdergarten teacher from the newspaper.
I think this job is suitable for me.
I graduated from the university recently, I am an outgoing boy when I studyed in the school.
I can get alone with the kids easliy, because during studyed at school , I usually went to the nursing home to look after the old people whoes familys did not have time to stay with them as a volunteer.
I told many interesting storys to them, they were satisfied of my work.
I know this work need kindness and patience, and of course patience is improtant for many jobs.
The winter holiday is coming, in order to make his holiday Meaningful, he makes a winter timetable: Get up at half past eight every morning and have a healthy delicious breakfast.
He does his homework carefully from nine to half past ten.
And then he does exercise until half past eleven.
he goes back home at twelve and have a delicious lunch.
He has an English class or a computer class from one o'clock to three o'clock in the afternoon.
My grandfather-a tumor doctor who is still at work now.
He is more than 70.
so, this is one of the reasons I admire him.
When I was still a little girl, he always tell me some philosophy about life.
It makes me become a person who have a good quality.
My parents.my mother is a chemistry teacher and my father is a doctor, too.
They are the person who love me most in this world.
They are the only person who don't ask any repay when they give us the everything.
The honest emotion in the world is the family affection.
Today, the pace of life is increasing with the technological advancements.
As we open the eyes in the morning, we must do things quickly, or we couldn't get them done on time.
We are busy working and don't have time to eat meals made by ourselves.
We would go to restaurant to eat fast food or buy some convenience food in the supermarket.
We dislike waiting, so we take medicine instead of traditional Chinese herbs.
On the contrary, I think the slow-paced lifestyle is better.
Endeavor to put brakes on the quick-fix lifestyle, and you may feel relaxed.
You can do TaiChi, practice yoga or jog in the morning.
In a word, existing on the earth, we must learn how to live.
We work to live, that is, we need to work to make money, but we needn't to work all the time so that we even have no time to eat, to play.
What we need most is enjoying our life.
The evolution of a modern economy.
Nowadays, more and more person like shopping on the Internet.
Online shopping is soaring fashionable.
Students like shopping on the Internet because there are many pretty clothes that is cheaper than stores.
Students have no a little of pocket money, online shopping can meet students need.
So students like shopping on the Internet.
The aged also like online shopping, they sometimes have physically problem, so online shopping is convenient.
However, each coin has two sides.
I think we should look the shopkeepers credit and the buyers evaluate, and compare with the others store.
Choose the best one and purchase it.
If we can control ourselves well with strong will, we can achieve anything.
But it is generally believed that the above mentioned reasons are commonly convincing.
Recently, I make a survey about the middle school students in grade two that what they want to speak out most.
Here are the results, the suggestion that they give to the headmaster is to create a beautiful environment.
The more beautiful thing they can see, the better they will do.
And then, they should organize more after school activities so that students will be relaxed after finish too much homework.
To teachers: teachers should give more time for students to think by themselves.
The final wave is to parents.
Parents are the light in our life.
When we get into trouble, parents should give us suggestions and let us get over it independence.
As we all know, everyone has his own life.
What defines life excellent or terrible is up to individual attitude.
So from my point of view, I absolutely believe that life is the greatest teacher.
In the first place, life can guide us to live better.
Once we have goals in the life, we will stick to it all the time.
And then what is prospected appears and moves forwards.
Next, one day when we look back, we will realize that we learn a lot.
Eventually, we can easily reach the conclusion that life is the greatest teacher who teaches us that happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life.
Recently, there is a point of view that experience without learning is better than learning without experience let me think deeply.
I think what they said is reasonable.
Marks depends on your abilities, and all of your marks just proof your abilities, so abilities is the ultimate object.
By the time gose by, car has become an important part in our daily life.
Though it's convinent, it also cause many car accident.
It's not what we want.
Every year, drunken driving, which cause many accident, makes us fell terrible.
People often drive their car out for dinner or for party, after a happy night, many of them have already drunk a lot.
Of caurse, it's not a good choice for them to drive back now.
But many of them can not realize how foolish what they do next.
I hope car can become a real assistant.
but not a killer.
When I was only 12 years old I met Linda for the first time.
Gradually, we became the best friends.
The first day we came to middle school wearing the school uniform, we were introducing ourselves to new classmates.
I said hello to her passionately, but she replied coldly.
So over a long period, I had regarded Linda as a person who is difficult to get along with.
Year passed, we went to school together by bicycle, got close with each other.
Till that tme, I found that she is an open-hearted but also sensitive girl.
Because of the  open-hearted  .
we keep no secrets from each other, but quarrel occasionally as well.
The thing I admire her most was that this year her mother unfortunately died because of the cancer, I was very worried about her mental state.
Five years passed, we grew up together.
When they sleep, they don't eat any food.
Because, the eagle often eat the tortoise with sharp mouth.
As one saying goes: Ten years out of sharpening sharp, sword-jun to knowledge only pending.
As we know, different countries have different cultures.
And with the development of the society, more and more people will travel around to see different scenery and relax themselves.
So there are more communications between countries.
And in order to avoid embarrassment between countries, people should have a better solution to the problem of culture conflict.
And as this is true of the politics and economy, so it is true of the culture.
In order to make the world become more and more colorful, we should keep the little difference  .
So when you are traveling around, you should follow the local custom as possible as you can.
Second, follow the local custom can help you understand the different cultures better.
This is also the purpose of most people for travel to another country.
In short, we should respect and protect the different cultures.
Second, you are neighbors, maybe you can play with her together at weekend.
Under the era background of the open-policy , we opend the first barbershop at this place where attrtacts large numbers of people to try new things they curious want to .
My favourite place at school is the reading room .
because it's very big and bright.
There are also a lot of useful books.newspapers and magazines there.
I like reading booksand magazines there beacuse They not only provide me with much knowledge.
but also help me learn a lot about what is happening around the world.
sometimes I even feel Ican have a take with the people in the books.
Icanalso relax myself in the reading room.
when Ifeel tired and unhappy.
the reading room is the best place to go to.
Reading helps me forget all my troubles to a word.
I think we should pursue knowledge, friendship and love in college.
This knowledge includes professional knowledge and general knowledge.
And it's good to make a girlfriend in college.
For many collage students dormitory life is the new.
There is an increasing interest in dormitory life.
However other people stand on a different ground.
They think dormitory life is very tired.
You must have a good habit.
There is some truth in both arguments.
In our life, teachers is always told us what is wrong and what is right.
They not only take good care of us like our'parents but also communication with us.
Nowadays, education has become every country's most significant problem in this society.
For a university, the students' learning ability is truly crucial.
At the same time, the moral education is an essential aspect.
As a student, learning is not all.
We should develop a more comprehensive and do an equally good in character.
So school education in addition to the training of students' learning ability, but also should pay attention to such as filial piety, honesty and cultivation.
Only a man of noble character can let all people respect.
While at work, often such people will gain more favor.
Of course, not to say the ability is not important.
So I hope the school can develop, paying more attention to moral.
Mobile communication is a single one, and our human feelings are rich.
For example, at dinner time only to play phone.
Lacking of communication.
Each other's feelings will fade.
Finally, the impact of the mobile phone is bad for people and people, in the ordinary we should play less mobile phone more communication.
Overcrowding in cities includes heavy traffic and crowded.
The unreasonable traffic structure is the cause of urban heavy traffic.
Car more and rood less is the another reason.
To solve this current situation, inprove road network structure is the key.
The people crowed is the other overcrowding in cities.
Cities are attractive and colorful.
It have good education.
So many people come to cities to catch superior education.
It is so many opportunities to make money that many people leave home to big city.
To solve this situation , i think government should realize the education fair.
Send more good educator to teaching in the countryside.
Goverment should set up more factories , increase more employment opportunities in the contryside.
In the era of globalization, which calls for plenty of miscellaneous person.
Therefore, our undergraduates need to be confident enough to learn more skills so as to get accustomed to society early.
So we must attach much importance to how to develop self-confidence, which was deemed as the hottest questions among all the colleges.
To start with, you must believe yourself, which as the foundation of individuals growth as well as our society thrives, has far-reaching influences to our personal development.
There are lots of reports about juvenile delinquencies, which just has become as common as flies in our daily life.
I think this all can be attributed to our adolescences lack of self-confidence , they are not confident, even self-abased.
If they can be confident enough to open their closed inner world, they would not be able to embark on the criminal road.
Secondly, absorbing knowledge, which assumes equal importance of that of belief.
If you are professional or skilled, for example, surely you will be superior to other people.
In conclusion, self-confidence is indispensable for individuals which depend personal belief, knowledge as well as consciousness.
the Online reading is popular.
A lot of people very like online reading decause online reading is very protable.
Online reading don't spent money.
I tink the trditional reading is good at eye dut you spent money .
The first, when we find someone do something illegally, we will search the evidences .
Then we charge him or her on court.
At last lawers debate each other.
Finally the foreman annonces someone is guilty.
The second, if we can not find the evidences to prove someone is guilty, we couldnot say he or she is guity.
Or we couldbe illegal.
Xian Xinghai is one of the great composers of classical and traditional music who is famous for the song  The Yellow River  .
He composed it in 1939.
The great composer was born in Macao, China,1905.
Later he studied in Paris to learn to write music.
He used to create a lot of amazing pieces of traditional Chinese music and became very famous.
He was called the  People's Musician  , however, it's a pity that he passed away when he was only 40 years old in 1945.
But his songs are still popular today especially with old people.
As we can see from the picture, everyone is focus their attention on the cellphone while put the dishes aside and don't say anything to others but entertain themselves.
They don't talk to those who face to them but chat with their 'friends' on the internet.
This picture dose reflects a thought-provoking social phenomenon.
Nowadays smartphone as a portable device that changed the way we live and work and study is more and more popular with us and cannot be separated.
Indeed, smartphone brings us so much convenience in our life.
For example, it's narrowing the distance between people in terms of space, and we can solve some problems through the Internet on smartphone.
As the time of spent on using smartphone is on the rise, face-to-face communication has decrease rapidly, it can do a lot of damage to interpersonal relationships.
In order to prevent such embarrassing scence typified in the picture, we should use our cellphone in a suitable way and a right time, we should put it down when we chatting face-to-face, we must interact with others actively in social activities.
As the saying goes, the strong will is important guarantee to succeed.
The man have firmly will can achieve the great mission.
The students also like this, if haven't hard study, they never become a competent man in the end.
I think it is important for us to read books.
AS us growing, reading a good book can help us get knowledge.
It can help us understand many things.
We can bronden our horizons by reading.
It can improve our imagination.
By reading, we can learn about the world better.
Book is our best friend.
For example, many famous people in history all think reading can help peoplea lot.
When we enjoy reading, we are spending fantastic time.
Different people like reading different kinds of books, such as novels, poem, stories.
These books can all help us become happy.
So I think reading is important.
One day, he returned home from school and shouted excitedly: Mom, I'm going to play football with my friends now.
For example, lessons in Math and English so that not forget too much.
Reading is a meaningful thing, so I will take seriously.
As the proverb goes: failure is the mother of success.
We may face the failures in daily life.
It is commonly believed that failures are unavailable.
But people still have different choices.
For example, some people may lose their heart and give up working hard.
On the contrary, the others probably take an active attitude in their failures.
In my opinion, the latter is worth learning.
From another perspective, they know they have a long way to go.
They will succeed one day.
Some people hold the belief that formal examination is the only reliable and feasible method to measure a person's ability.
While others argue that it is out of date.
To begin with the word  high scores but low abilities  .
It shows that nowadays, the disadvantages of the formal examination has been exposed.
Examination is just a method to check your learning ability.
A person who can learn well doesn't mean he can use the knowledge well.
That is to say, examination can't represent a person's ability to put knowledge into practice.
Furthermore, we need to remember that examination isn't reliable because the test results have a chance.
As a result of many factors, even a clever people may also get a poor mark in formal examination.
In a word, i don't think Formal Examination is reliable and feasible.
It is a great honour for me to make this speech.
What impressed most was she do this without thinking of the financial woes.
No wonder that her mother has no choice but to kneel down with tears.
There is a growing trend that more and more children like this girl ask for luxury goods instead of being freed from financial dependence on their parents.
Tlerefore, it's essential to parents to teach their kids how to depend on themselves.
Besides, every child should take account of the family's financial condition rather than purchase things unrestrictedly.
What irritates me is that a proportion of students endeavor to enjoy luxuries instead of being engrossed in academic experiments.
If you want to look for a good job, you must pass company's interview.
During the interview, if you make a good impression to the company, the job may fit in you.
First, if you want to succeed in a job interview, you should correct your attitude.
And I think you would not show you too confident, or too nervious.
Second, on that day, you'd better to wear a suit and correct you behavior.
It's best not to wear new clothes, put on your normal suit, you would feel more comfortable.
Third, always smile, leave a good impression.
And then, when you speak, you'd better to use honorific.
THe last one, when you introduce your major, I think explaining your own professional knowledge as detailed as possible.
Beyond all doubt, family love is in the first row.
Eveyone has his or hers own admire person, and the person may be your teacher or parents .
Different people have different admire a person .
Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the USA, and he wrote the Declaration of Independence .
He was an expert in agriculture , archeology, and medicine.
He influenced architecture throughout America , and he was constantly producing devices for making the tasks of ordinary life easier to perform.
There is much that I can learn from him.
First, go and see , we should obtain knowledge from many source besides book and personal investigation is essential .
We can learn the different thing from the different people .
Third, we should judge for ourselves.
Different people have different views on to be professional or to be erudite.
Some hold that to be professional is more significant than to be erudite, because it is impossible to learn a various of subjects well to a person for there is not enough energy and time.
Yet, others believe that those who are erudite has advantages over those who are professional.
To be honest, I hold the view that being professional and being erudite are of equal importance.
Actually, it takes being professional to erudite as it takes being erudite to professional.
For instance, when majoring in broadcaster, one must know it is necessary to be erudite.
Otherwise, the words from Bai Yansong can't be profound.
Of course, this is also connected with organization skills of language.
As we all know, with the development of computer technology, our world has changed well.
On the other hand, inter-disciplinary talents are the apple in the eyes of today's society, but to be a inter-disciplinary talent, you must master your profession well at first, then you will expand your scope of knowledge.
Even in ancient times, there may not be accurate all-rounder, let alone in today's society.
Therefore, we should pursue deep single-pointedness on the basis of erudition to broad but refined, specialized state, we must know it's difficult to be professional without erudition.
Now, we attended college, facing a bigger changelage for ourselves.
Some students think of that they con't do well things by themselves, dare not to attend some action in spite of sghool's or class's, they are worry about they do not well and make mistakes.
I think we shoud belive ourselves, who can do well by effort.
We should take part in actively actions, con show better ourselves, are good at showing ourselves advantagements.
We might also be communicate with well others, make friends with other students.
We should try to do excuse to make you better and improve the independent of ability, which can alse set up confident.
So, we don't care of youself con; t do, we should belive ourselves.
Nowadays, there are more and more people coming to the cities.
Overcrowding in cities really lead to so many problems, which needs people to pay more attentions.
On the one hand, the resources of the cities is far away enough.
Maybe in some corners, the poor couldn't have the necessary food in their tough life.
On the other hand, because so many people in cities, it has a big influence in the environment.
It's high time to take some measures.
So first we should control the number of people, maybe the rural is a good place for some people to start a new life.
Next, we should make an effective measure to protect the environment.
Apparently, it is popular that many students use computer to study something since online education have been set up.
As far as I am concerned , this popular thing is resulted by the popular of computer and students'curiosity .
Besides, it is more convenience to students to learn online.
As the saying goes, every paper has two sides.
I suppose education online would bring more things to students who really want to learn more.
And I also think that it is necessary for students to fine a best way to study well.
I suggest that students should not only learn in class but also learn on line.
I believe that only in this way can students learn what they want to learn.
Besides, because of the waste of people's daily using water, water resource is deficient now.
I suggest that take strategy sustainable development.
Recently, a really talent show, The Voice of China, appeals to a large number of TV audiences.
In this talent show, the judges do not appreciate the singer's performance face to face.
Once they have heard the voice which touched them, they will press the button.
No sooner have they pressed the button than the chairs turn around, which means the singer gets the opportunity to be their pupil.
As far as I'm concerned, the reason why The Voice of China gains popularity among the TV audiences is that the show has given people positive energy.
As a faithful audience of The Voice of China, I have learned from this show that we should dare to chase our dreams.
I can use it contact my relatives, friends, and if there are some important or joyful news I can tell others as soon as possible.
Nobody can say that using mobile phone is perfect completely.
The most important thing is what your attitude to it.
First of all, it is a language which is widely used in the world.
And then, I will say it is like a telescope in some ways.
It can board our views and helped me discovered a new wold.
They are always kind and helpful and always wear a big smile on their face.
In modern education, character education is extremely significant.
Knowledge in books is not enough anymore.
For example, normally school education means to cultivate student's abilities to take in and think.
Society changes so fast, people of ability has changed.
Now we need people of ability in each side, because these ability is more crucial than know edge, these ability to reflect on many respect.
Like honest, bearing, morality and so on.
If we possess these ability can we use our know edge more smoothly.
In this way , we can take more superiority to compete with others and we will get more costs.
So character Education plays an important role in development of future society.
With the development of the living standards, people produce waste every day, and there is a great variety of rubbish.
Moreover, people put rubbish in the different trash cans when throw out them.
There is a large population in the world, causing so much waste.
To some extent, these wastes could be avoided.
It will make our homeland more beautiful.
First of all, once people do not know the importance of waste sorting, they will put all the rubbish in wrong places, these useless things will pollute our world, then it will cause a seriously polluted.
Secondly, as we all know, our country is lacing for many different sources, so we must find some ways to solve it.
Waste sorting is very important, so people can make good use of these rubbish.
On the other hand, if person is aware of the importance of waste sorting.
It will reduce the burden of the cleaners, making their work become more convenient.
To sum up, people realize the importance of waste sorting can reduce the unnecessary waste which will make a great interest for our people in long way.
Nowadays, when it comes to love and study, people's opinions vary from one to another.
some people firmly believe that it is good to fall in love.
For one thing, it gives you the power, make you more active to learn.
For another, Love can monitor each other and promote each other.
one the contrary, other may not agree with the above.
Love impact study.
To begin with, it is a waste of time.
what's more, it is a waste of money.
As for as I am concerned, I think it has double folds like anything else.
There are good ang bad, key to see how he understand.
The thing made me so bitterly is that day my father and I came to this college with curiosity.
Though I can grasp some knowledge and skills, this is the first time for me to independent.
I would live with roommate, and do everything by myself, such as washing, fetching water, making the bed and so on.
After my father went back to home, I joined an interview of Broadcasting Station.
The title is: Introduce my family.
At that moment I was very sad, so I cannot say a word.
I was crying without a break, a fellow student told me, when she had came here last year, she was very sad just like me, but now she was very independent, and she said that we should be strong because we cannot rely on our parents in whole life.
I want to introduce Switzerland to you.
Switzerland is a developed European country.
It's situated in the center of Europe, covers an aera of forty-one thousand square kilometers, has a population of seven million 50 thousand, which capital is Berne.
Geneva, the most famous cities in the world, is in this country, too.
Switzerland is next to Austria, France, Italy and Germany.
It has a gorgeous scenery, which is known as Worldwide Garden.
Frist, unlike many students who study english for going abroad, I study english for my future career.
Second, the other reason why I study english is that I need to get equipped with some essential skills of language.
Finally, I think an another important factor is that I should pass the CET4 and CET6 text.
Therefore, I want to learn english.
From our born, we live always follow our parents' plan.
Now, in most time we are working in school or company, another time with phone, computer or TV.
For me, I want to live a simple way with my family.
Have a house in the country, sunrise do, sunset go home.
In the summer we canoe on the river, go picnicking in the woods and take long bicycle rides.
In the winter we ski and skate.
We get excited about sunsets.
We love the smell of the earth warming and the sound of cattle lowing.
If the live changes this, I have many time do what I want to do like read books and embroider.
For example , when we on the bus , we usually see some thieves stealed mobile phones and wallets, their behavior not only a crime but also injury the victim.
So in our society we need hoest .
As long as we have it , we may have a hamony enviroment .
Good friendship.
And others help .
we are a member of this society .
I think that we must read books at first, then we can have a great practice.
Low-carbon lifestyle involves many aspects in our lifes , in society low-carbon lifestyle means decrease CO2 , so we should go to work or school by bus but not take cars , we should protect and plant more trees to absorb CO2 .
For everyone in society , we should learn became an economical person , for example , we can let used water plants , we can go to a close place on foot , we can use bags again and again .
For our every-day lifes , we should try our best to decrease energy , for instance , when you don't stay at home , you should turn off lights , when you don't want to watch TV , please don't turn it on .
As a college student , I'm responsible for letting our lifes better and better , so I plan to do these things : First , I will learn more knowledge about low-carbon lifestyle so that I can do more things .
Second , I will try my best to become an economical person , I will go to school by bus or on foot , I will turn tap and lights off when I'm out .
Time handouts will be available after the training section.
My familg is not a family of scholar, my father is my family's~~.
He every day need get to word.
So l sould ~~student.
I thank stuard book is for very very Major.
  Di-Di---  I was just on the phone at the corner of somewhere, avoiding irritating noises.
Then the sudden, continuous whistle got me angry.
I can't hear you.
It's enough.
Anyhow, it always stop teachers from giving their classes.
Especially when you meet a traffic jam, the endless whistles must drive you crazy.
It's not far from these noises.
I can't stand but it seems like i should bear these.
Patiently, I acted like a gentleman, waited, listened to the explanations over and over again, and accepted the unfortunate.
  Yes, Sir your package is arrived.
In the future, first I think I will be a teacher and I will probably be teaching students English.
Then I can go to almost any country to find a job.
Before this I will go to school to finish my study.
It will be a lot of hard work, but it is my dream.
What's more, I will travel around the world in the summer vacation.
They think about that let off firecrackers are not a suitable way to celebrate the Spring Festival, because of in this way will make noise and lead to the environmental pollution.
From my point of view, we should set off firecrackers as less as possible, not only for the sake of our safety, but also to protect the environment.
Firstly, a good teacher must love teachering jop.
Nonetheless in my eyes, happiness can be a feeling of fun that playing football with my good friends ; satisfy that having supper with my family; excited that getting extra money.
A strong person can do almost anything as long as he tries hard.
In my opinion if we want become wealthy the first we must keep health .
if we doesn't have a good body even we get lot of money , we have never to use it .
The NAFTA and WTO increased the exports of the U.
Although the NAFTA and WTO can deliver many new jobs, it can not offset the jobs it took away from the U.
The first is the increasing U.
S. foreign direct investment, which improves the foreign production capacity, and results in the rapid growth of exports and trade deficit to the U.
The second is the sustained and substantial appreciation of the U.
S. dollar, which encourages investors around the world to build new and expanded production capacity at home to export goods to the U.
There has been much arguements on E-book in recent years.
weighing the advantage and disadvantange , I'm inclined to agree with the use of the E-book.
AS we all know, library is a place where people get knowledge and exchange information.
Although the mobile phones are not banned to be taken in the library, the behaviours have a few impact on others.
Firstly, it is no a good manner to use mobile phone in library even you do not make any noise.
Thousand peolpe have thousand views.
In my opinion, the library should select some people who are responsible for reminding people do not use mobile phones in library.
It is said that where there is a will , there isa way .
Because they have a great will .
As a matter of fact , none of them is compeleteiy smooth , our life is full of difficult and boring .
achieve success .
I want to study English for different reasons.
Fisrt i think english is very useful , it can help you communicate with others and it will make you more happy.
Second, english can make you leran more history of other countries, let you known more culture.
Third, i think english study will make you pass english easily.
Third, how could the human get along with a person who is the same with you.
James in 1984 was born on Decembei 30 Akron, Ohin.
He was in high school basketball team, where he revealed his amazing talent, and won three consecutive high school championship.
He also was involved in American football, he became a member of the interstate teams.
For example, in 2003, James' first game against the sacramento Kings, he personally gained 25points,9 assist and 6 rebounds and shooting 60% of the project, he gets a race.
But in the last season, he failed.
Then he wanted to give up.
He said he never plays basketball.
At this time, his father scolded him seriously.
His father said where there is a will there is a way.
Of course, he thought a lot in his father's instructions.
Also, he encouraged himself to overcome difficulties.
Certainly, he got better and better grades.
James was elected to 4 consecutire Eastern Conference All Star.
Above all, I think nothing succeed without a strong will.
Only having a strong will can James realize the value of his life and get success.
I love my father.
He is not only my father who gave my life, but also my best friend.
As I was child, he was always playing with me, telling jokes to me, taking me to travel all our village.
In my opinion, it is not.
Even we do not make much money, we still lead a comfortable life.
  He thought a minute, saying that you must go to school and get good gade, so we can make more money.
From then on, I was stric to my own, because my success is the future of our warm family.
Notice is hereby given that Li Lan from the E.
Now a social phenomenon is many universities require students to evaluate teacher, As far an I am concerned it is reasonable.
I don't think it's not a performance which lack of respect for the teacher's .
Recently, some universities are reported to charge high tuition fees.
The report has immediately sparked a heated debate.
Some people thing it's a bad idea for universities to charge hige tuition fees.
The other people think it is ok for universities to charge high tuition fees .
First of all, there are many poor students in our country those students may be very hard-working .
Butthey can not afford the high tuition fees.
If universities charge high tuition fees, they will never get the chance to go to universities.
we are equal in the world.
Moreover, I think in our country independent in economy.
Our parents always pay for the tuition fees of us.
If universities charge high tuition fees our parents must work harder.
They have given too much to us.
I don't think they have to pay for the tuition fees for us which are very high .
If the tuition fees are low, they will pay for them without any pressure.
Last but not least , universities are the places where we learn how to be a man.
If the universities charge high tuition fees, they will become profit organizations.
Then what can we learn from these places.
What we can learn is just to make profits .
We will become the people who cares nothing but money.
We will think money is everything .
For that, I'd rather go to work than go to university.
We come to universities to learn knowledeg and manners.
The universities should be places where we can learn positive things .
To sum up, the universities should not charge high tuition fees.
We will be happier in a low-paid university.
The tuition fees are affordable for everyone .
We will live an equal life .
In the field of college applications, a Gap Year is a year taken between high school and college.
During the Gap Year, students engage in extra-academic and non-academic courses, language studies, volunteer work, travel, internships, sports and more, all for the purpose of improving themselves and their resumes before going to college.
In my opinion, Gap Year is very necessary.
Following are the reasons.
First, through the Gap Year, students will have enough time to think clearly what they want on earth.
Then, Gap Year is a good chance to relax.
Forgetting the worrying of study to have a wonderful holiday.
Last, during the Gap Year, students can go to work in order to improve their living skills.
As a fresher, I think a Gap Year is essential for Chinese students also.
In China, students have a lot of pressure, especially the three graduate students.
They always feel confused when just entered the university.
I 'm so interested in your advertisements in the model.
I like sports and I run thirty minutes every day to keep a good fitness.
I think I have some experience about being a model.
Not only can it provide us with more opportunities but also develop our skills.
My name is Jeff.
I am very busy, but sometime is free.
On free time morning, I just get up and bursh my teeth.
And then I watch TV when I eat breakfast.
After that, I must do my homeworks, it's too much.
In the afternoon , I'm playing computer games.
In the evening.
I go shopping with my parents.
Name, one from the urine will begin to know and to write the first font.name it not only inherits his father's surname, also inherited a lot of spirit of Chinese traditional culture.
in ancient times.
xuanyuan the Yellow Emperor is the begin of this a surname.
he is my grandparents.
Love is around me.
My mother gives me the best love.
Every morning, she rides a bike to send me to school.
And she always makes the breakfast for me.
When I am sad, she tells me to be happy.
When I am ill, she sends me to hospital at once.
I am moved by her love.
And I feel lucky because of my great mother.
As a student, the best way to show love t my mum is yo get a high mark.
In a word, love is precious.
Of course, this is a lumbersome topic.
As we know, the plane wasn't contacted on 1:20 A.
, March 8th.
There are 227 passengers, including 153 Chinese and others who come from all over the world.
So many countries think highly of it.
Now it is confirmed that there were two passengers who used the fake passport.
But American investigation bureau think it is less feasible.
To our government, we sent out the warship to the rescue.
Anyhow, we will try our best.
On the other hand, VNAF said they found some oil which seemed as the plane.
And the satellite didn't detect the sign of plane's disassembly.
However, all in all aren't affirmed.
In fact, all of us expect that it's just a joke.
The airplane just flies to the other cites.
Two hundred and twenty-seven passengers are safe and sound.
In a word, this is an extremely good alternative for me to spending this semester with Jimmy, a young lady who is very attractive.
It's easier said than done but hard to do .
