A friend indeed is known by sharing hardships.
Especially when you are depressed, your friend may encourage you, give you power to step to your goal.
A life without a friend is a life without a sun.
These qualities are the Necessary conditions of success, but not the Sufficient conditions.
Everyone is happy and busy.
We celebrate this occasion in different ways.
National Day was a fine day for going out.
The air was clean.
The sun was bright.
The grass was green.
We all had a long hoilday.
Neverthless I am the exception , most of my time is spent in the laboratory .
It sounds so disappointing .
Yes , I do think so .
But the fact always be controlled by oneself , isn't it In addition , like someone I treat my National Day as the rest time for my previous days and the following .
During these days in my laboratory I do a lot of things to my interest not as that on my commom days .
In the daytime I would like to read some books in my favorite having nothing with our project .
I also would like to go to the internet to explore much information such as about football or basketball and so on .
I have watch lots of movies that I desire to for a long time on my computer in the evening .
Therefore, the NAFTA and the WTO have been hurting U.
It is a organazation that composed of many warm heart volunteers, called the Dream House.
Because the parentes of student were so busy that cant take good care of their chilren, but the volunteers can give them help.
Gradually, the dream house bacoming more and more popular in our community.
In here, the volunteers will offer the delicious meal and solve the difficult problem of the student's homework.
Reliance on computer may give rise to some problems.
First, people is lazy to think about something themselves once they do it without computer if they rely too much on computers before.
Second, people used to use computer in entertainment could not be interested in something else.
In my opinion, we should pay more attentions on this problem.
As we all recognize, it has become a trend to shop online.
I suppose that we shouldn't be blind when shopping online.
Because each coin has two sides.
On the one hand, people for the most part prefer online shopping at home.
Firstly, because they think it's more convenient for the sick and the busy people who can't go to the shops in person to make the purchase of goods.
Secodly, they can only use credit cards while shopping on the Internet.
Aparting from this, they think online shopping is cheaper than stores.
Thirdly, it also can compare prices.
Therefore, they can let up their expenditures.
What's more, they can also find many things what they can't find in the real store.
On the other hand, not all the goods have good quality in the Internet.
Firstly, it results in some people who dislike shopping online, because the real goods may not be the same as what have seen on the computer.
Then, they would rather pay cash instead of letting out their personal information.
So they think it's unsafe for them to shop online.
Thirdly, not only it's unsafe, but also they buy some things are different from what the shop assistant describes.
The last but not least, some things in the Internet are much more expensive and sometimes the shop is much less faithful.
As far as I'm concerned, I believe that shopping online will be more popular in the future.
But at the same time we should harness the benefits while avoiding the drawbacks.
Nowadays many debates around a topic is that Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
One hand , people is support that experience without learning more important.
There is a reason that more works are need a rich experience to suit it.
While learning also a key point, but nowadays more and more work enviroment is needs a person with experience, to solve the special problem.
And another hand, the opinion turn more care to about the learning, what's more, they think when a person put himself into a learning atomersphere, he will gather more haevest than ever before.
In my opinion, may be put more attention to the experience.
method of solve problems.
When you do something with your body not your mind.
Just find more difficult than in imagine.
They believe that formal examination is out of date.
Today, some people hold the belief that people should take many different way to test a person, because they think, in 21 century, everyone should learn more knowledge, formal examination is a single way while others argue that thought.
This peer pressure can influence how you dress, what kind of music you listen to, and what types of behavior you engage in, including risky behaviors such as gambling, cigarettes and alcohol.
As you grow older, you'll be faced with some difficult decisions.
Some things don't have a clear right or wrong answer.
Making decisions by yourself is hard enough, but when other people get involved and try to pressure you one way or another, it can be even harder, so it's called peer pressure.
In my opinion, when you face peer pressure you should hold on your better judgment and common sense.
I know it is tough to be the only one who says no to peer pressure, but you can do it.
For example, I feel more energetic when I am in school after I joined the school volleyball team.
Food Satefy became an important problem.
In our daily life, we have bad food and healthy food.
On the one hand, bad food is bad for our health.
On the other hand, healthy food will make us become stronger and stronger.
But bad food will make many problems.
First, it is h, armful to our bodies.
For example, people eating it, they will get ill.
Seriously, it will make people have food poisoning and lead people to die.
Second, it will cause people's distrust of the supervision of the state and enterprises.
So that people don't buy anything is made in China instead of buying something is made in foreign countries.
So it will bring about outflow of capital.
Third, it will make enterprisers lose their consciences and it will affect social harmony.
We should do something to solve this problem.
First, concerning departments should strengthen the quality spervision of food sources strict markert access system.
Second, building the quality management system, and insure them effectually operated and maintained.
To my surprise, the woman is author's mother and she was different.
As the proverb goes Diligence redeems stupidity.
Horever he dropped his study in 1977.
You worked hard, yet without complaining.
Originally, I was a mischievous child.
At present, I can assist you to do housework and do part-time job at holiday .
Therefore, I can share responsibility for life.
As society becomes more and more advansed and complicated, we are anticipate that health play a more ande more important role in the life of individuel members of society and in the development of society itself.
Nowdays, people in a mounting numbers choosing to adopt a sedentary life style.
They spent the whole day sitting or lying when thay are working or studying.
In order to solve the problem of sedentary lifestyle, we must choose a healthy lifestyle.
Getting some activity is a very healthy thing to do.
We should do more physical activity in our everyday life.
I'm sorry to hear that you can't sleep well at night because you have been working too long on your study.
First of all, it's very important for you to develop a good learning habit.
Dear John, the letter read.
I'll see you soon, then.
  Reading a hundred times, its meaning from now.
They suppose they can become special in terms of them.
For most person, mobile devices are tools to convey with others.
First, I will introduce our latest situation.
The population rises rapidly and bring the enormous pressure to the earth.
So people excessing reclamation, cutting down more trees for needs.
Besides, we have a lack of the water resources and the air is polluted seriously.
Now I will tell you my advice about this.
I think it's a good idea to find alternative energy to reduce the pollution.
And we had better control the quantity of the population.
Mr.
smith is our English teacher.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular among young people.
There are many reasons that can contribute to this.
Firstly, with the development of the digital industry, people have more access to the Internet.
They can work at home instead of going to company.
Secondly, people can enjoy the freedom and convenience while working at home .
They may feel relaxed and less stress to release themselves.
This is beneficial for people to make full use of their talents.
Today is my first day at my senior high school , Yizhong.
Because we were not familiar with new school, the teacher showed us around at first .
As we all know, we will face more challenges in senior high schoo.
John told him, I wish the money can help, and promise me, next time you won't have to count on anybody but yourself.
He said, Never will I succeed without the boy.
The penal code is aimed at protecting human rights as we all know, while the right to life is the basis of human rights .
To the government and law enforcement agency, it signifies judicial query .
As a social phenomenon, Penalty has objective law instead of human will .
penalty will be more relieved, from body penalty to soul reformation , from negative penalty of the past to positive transformation in the future .
From my point of view, .
Every month, a large number of artists are invited to give lectures and we can get lots of knowledge from them.
It is that woman who were speaking.
It was so cold.
I just wait for my candies, not you.
I buy your favorite cake for you.
At last, I was not disappointed.
I do not know which touches me most.
Nowadays more and more people pay attention to eating, so how to have a healthy diet is a proublem.
So we made a class survey.
In our class, most students eat healthy food.
Most students drink some water every day but lots of students have more two drinks with suger.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Most students have breakfast every day.
There is an old saying'An apple a day keeps the doctor away'.
It is good for your health.
But most students eat junk food for snacks.
Such as fries, chocolate and so on.
Junk food is bad for our health, because most junk food contain much fat.
, Ltd. through whom we learned that your company mainly specializing in exporting various of plastic toys.
What's more, we prefer developing new items which can be made with customer's own logos according to customer's requirements.
There is an old saying goes like this, Happiness is when you are content.
Nowadays the information folw is very fast .
Social networks are groups of people who share interests and who interact in a variety of ways via software on websites .
Social network sites are usually free to come in .
On the one hand, some people difine social network sites as web-based services that allo indiciduals to construct a public or semi-public within a bounded system, articulate a list of other users with whom they share a connection, and view and traverse their list of connections and those made by others within the system.
On the other hand, others agree Social Networking is important.
Social networking can help a business gain contacts, clients, and increased public awaeness.
As far as i'm concered, Social networking is making its mark in history these days.
In fact, is is progressing so fast, it is leaving the news media in the dust.
Nowadays many students do not take the oral English in English study, it attaches great importance to the reading and writing.
Parents do not have any English foundation and family education are almost zero.
Many children don't like to speak English, this is a sickness.
As far as I'm concerned, there are possibly two reasons contributing to this phenomenon.
There is a saying: money is a thing apart.
My city decides to add some taxis.
A number of people agree to increase taxis.
They think taxis are too few.
And wait taxis need to spend too much time.
Others think add taxis is a bad idea.
Because more taxis would cause more serious traffic accidents.
My view is add taxis.
I think more taxis can make more easy to our lives.
And don't make people wrangle because taxis'question.
The past 90s has their parents.
An old saying goes: Clogs to clogs is only three generations.
Everyone has oneself way to learn, More than, I have myself's way.
My favorite character is Andy.
He spent 19 years, use a little hammer broke the wall, successfully escaped.
he always have hope.
Hope can set you free.
He not only saved himself but also saved others.
I am from F University.
My name is S.
I'm full of confidence for life.
I can expand children's horizon.
In recent years, scientists usually major in fields related to our body's health because that is connected to our health and majorly useful for us.
This time we are researching this part: knees.
The first reason because knees has very important effect which supports people doing exercise.
The second important reason is that many athletes knees have different problems and for their knees are very important.
For example, some famous athletes like Li Na, can not go back to play tennis anymore because of their knees being old and tired.
Two years ago, the famous basketball player Kobe Bryant, because he hurt his knees, was unable to play basketball for the entire year, so I think that our knees healthy that very close to our body healthy and it is more important for athletes and I think in our life, knees are a very sensitive part of our body.
Kness has many little but important linkages which can affect our nerves and many of these can break easily, and if I describe the knees I will say as looking like a stone, but it breaks easily.
In the sports world, many players have gotten injured in their knees before, but their injures were different.
So we may think that different people's knees are different.
I know that the color of people's knees that different and the speed of recovery from knee injuries is also different.
We prepared for the celebration over a month before the beginning of the Spring Festival .
For the seminar in next week, I booked a room in DR hotel.
The room was 2816.
Nowdays, with the fast development of information technology , new information has won wide attentions.
by a few old people.
As we know, young people are usualy curious.
Second, some traditional value has not value at all.
Young people must lost them.
it isuseful to lose these valueless thing.
can notgo out far from their parents.
Nowdays it is impossible.
Young people must go out for job and strive forward.
By contrast, when one reaches an old age, he/she tends to be more conservative and reluctant to acceptnew ideasand innovations.
To me, young peoplehave not lost many of the traditional values of the old generations.
They have just lost those traditional valueless valus.
This program satisfies its name---the voice of china , neither the appearance nor the family, the judges make their descision without knowing anything.
Another point is that when more than one jugde choose a singer, the singer gets the right to follow the master he or she want to be coached by .
This show has turn out to be an unexpected success, and I am quite sure that it will keep attention rate.
I my view, what impressed the audiences is not just the audition type , but also the fair.
For example, there are two people who say they love you.
One takes good care of you.
When you feel at a loss, he gives you some suggestions.
When you are in trouble, he always does you a favour.
Easier said than done.
We ought to do more and say less.
I'm a 20-year-old college student, I want to find a job and guides related.
I can say at least three languages: Chinese, English, French.
I think I can take this job.
My personality is outgoing and I like to communicate with others, I also like travelling very much.
My room is small but it is beautiful.
This is my bed and that is my bookcase.
There is a hat on the bed.
There is a sofa and there is a desk.
My schoolbag is near the sofa.
There are a notebook and a pen on the desk.
There are a tape and a tape player on the desk.
There is a chair near the desk.
Thought I also like to watch the movies sometimes, this is the first time to watch an English movie once a week from March to June.
To be honest, it's a wonderful experience to share every movie with classmates and teachers at class.
When we see the moving screen we will cry.
Instead, we giggle together when we hear funny conversations.
Let's review the movies first of all.
The first movie we appreciate named Truman show, which is the movie that have impressed me most.
It tells a story about a set world, which is manipulated by a director.
Truman is the chief actor who doesn't know the fact that his life is on the live day and night.
As an audience, I wish I could have told him the truth that he is being deceived by all over the people.
Forrest Gump owing so many quality that is worth learning, such as love, persistence, thanksgiving and so on.
This movie covers the history of American.
I also learn about famous events including the Watergate scandal, the Vietnam War.
Dead poets society shows a special teacher who is contrasted with traditional education.
And I hold the view that education is not filling a pail, but the light of fire.
The film War house made me cry.
What impressed me most is the relationship between human beings and animals.
Though I have seen The pursuit of happyness when I was a freshman, I was indeed moved by the father and the lovely son.
All in all, success only belongs to those who can suffer years of toil and make constant effort, just as the old popular saying goes:  where there is a will, there is a way.
In my point of view.
The graduate talked about a topic on  No confusion, No growth  .
Nevertheless, Once graduated, Maybe we still feel confused for a long time, but there is no doubt that without problems we can't make progress in life.
What the similarity between the King's speech and the great debates is that they both reflect how the language can change life.
I learn that the importance of the confident.
To be frank, I don't like One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest very much.
I even can't undersant what the director want to reflets until I discuss it with my friends.
Feminist development was a long period, on which woman challenge the states.
I enjoyed the process of film rewiew, because I thought more about the meaning while I was writing.
I have written the themes and background at class.
Combined with the prompt given by Lucy Liu, I was being motivated.
It was an exciting moment when I provided reflections about submitting assignments through the website.
On the one hand, I felt disappointed if my grade wasn't well.
On the other hand, I had opportunity to correct the mistakes according to the website.
In the end, I suggest that teacher can play movies in chronological order.
To sum up, I was glad that I have seen so many good movies during this semester.
Sometimes, the great movie just like a teacher who share life experiences to us.
As far as I'm concerned, the different movies open a vatiety of windows towards lifeitself.
I'm a Grade Two student from L High school.
J Library is an outstanding work.
There are over 32000000 books in it.
About sixty thousand CDs and DVDs are collected in the library.
The last magazines and newspapers that you can find in it as well.
You can immerse yourself in books from 8:30 to 19:00.
It takes you to get there conveniently by bus.
Some may see it as the most of life while others may view it as a piece of cake .
At the same time, we may face many challenges.
Nowadays more and more social events uncovered modern academician'the problem of qualities.
From where I stand.on the one hand, now students are usually the only child who can be easy to be spoted.
On the other hand, the school education just develop the student's learning skills but ignore thier moral learning.
What'worse, when they leave family and school, the importance of moral would be seen.
For example, they may cant't find good jobs, and they would have difficulty in adapting to a new circumstance.
So it's time that we should take action to solve this problem.
My flight from London was delayed for over two hours because of the heavy fog.
I do wanted to make a telephone call to you to explain the reason of my absence, however, I was already on the plane and the plane was hoping to take off any time, so the airline attendants forbade my phone call because of the consideration of safety.
Your understanding and patience in this matter would be greatly appreciated.
Nowadays, our society has developed faster and faster.
One of the worest problems I care about is the environment.
It's a fact that our air is no longer fresh again, our rivers have been polluted with the waster water.
Trees on our planet are decreasing rapidly.
Our sea leaver is climbing at a terrible speed.
Except for the environmental problems, the relationship between people and people is changing as well.
People seem to hardly trust each other and an increasing number of people become cold-hearted.
On balance, with the development of our society, our people, their minds, our civilization all have changed.
If not, adversely, it seems to be a curse.
When I was a senior, I had my dream university.
The school has a long history.
Especially 1988, its MBA was admit-ed by New York University.
At UIBE, there are 12 colledges,1500 staff,10000 students from everywhere.
Its motto is leaned, honest and seeking'', the school spirit is ''union, dedicated and innovation''.
I loved the school.
you deserve to come .
I am waiting for you .
In accordance with the passage, students get into the university is not the end of anything, but the beginning of a new chapter in their life, university is a wonderful place where pupils can study and help each other, broaden their horizon, enrich their life.
In recent years, with the development of technology.
China has witnessed a dramatic increase in the number of private cars, which has caused many problems.
Now, this issue has given rise to a heated discussion.
First of all, the soaring number of private cars exhausted a mass of gas emission and the environment has suffered greatly from this gas.
For example, the blue sky became feculent, the air was fill with PM particulate matter.
Sometimes, you can see the flowers covered with thick dust.
The more emission gas be exhausted and the more air be polluted, What's more, the emission gas was harmful to our health.
Therefore we must limit the private cars.
In addition, too many private cars would block the street.
It is inconvenient for us to go work and school.
When I went to hometown in the holiday.
I had to wait for an hour even long time to go to the bus station, it is quite a misfortune.
Last but not least, there were many car accidents happened in our life, if we did not limit the private cars, more and more accidents would happen.
In our society, a large number of drivers drive a car after drinking and always cause an accident.
In this way, a life would disappear.
To sum up, in order to let our country become more and more beautiful, it is necessary for us to put a limit on ptivate cars.
I like chemistry just because of the experiment.
On entering the college, we should leave our warm house and parents to a strange place.
Without parents'care, we could feel lonely, but we must keep going on living.
We must do everything by ourselves when we face some challenges and setbacks.
Gradually, we will get used to solving our problems on our own.
Experiencing more difficulties, we will perceive the meaning of life and become more and more optimistic and mature.
Maturity is a symbol of a person who moves from adolescence to young adulthood.
With the development of technology , Internet plays an important role in our lives.
Some advantages of the communication by the Internet can be listed as follows.
First, people can use the Internet all over the world to meet a lot of people and let people know about more imformation.
Finding people that have the same interest is convenient.
Besides, people can communicate with each other by the Internet, such as blog, QQand so on.
Most important of all, people can make friends through the Internet.
However, the disadvantage that the Internet brings to us.
If people spend too much time on the Internet , they will slip into the Internet.
In a word, every coin has two sides.
The Internet does good to our daily life.
But it has also a negative part.
As is well known, many students cheat in the exam.
It is obvious that faced with the exam some students are anxious and not confident.
Because they don't study hard l.
Additionally, the students are lack of honesty which will limit their development.
First of all, students should learn of the harm of cheating and realize that honesty plays an important role in their future development.
In addition, school should punish the students who have been found cheating.
What's more, students also need a good social environment.
In fact, ways to eliminate students' cheating in campus are countless.
There's no that mobile phones today are increasingly building an important influence on people' daily life.
As a tool of connecting people with each other, mobile phones can effectively close the commuicating distance between people, which makes people's life more convienient .
With the development of sicial sicence and technology, mobile phones'fuction also make further development, such as the touch-screen phones and smart cell phones .
However, everything has two sides.
For example, many people, especially those teenagers who over rely on their phones to play games, surfing or read novels, distracting them from their schooling as well as doing harm to their health.
There are thirsty-three class rooms in my school.
is the art room on the second fool too.
There is a PE room on the first fool too.
This is my school.
From your letter I konw that you are interested in Chinese Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is the grandest festival of all year for Chinese.
It has a long history, which can date from Han Dynasty.
Generally , Spring Festival refers to Chuxi and Chuyi.
On Chuxi(Chinese New Year's Eve), people stay up all night to welcome the new year.
We call it Shousui.
During the eve, people get together and enjoy a very hearty dinner.
What's more , watching Sring Festival Gala is also a tradition that almost everyone won't miss.
The next day Called Chuyi.
On this day's morning , people dress themselves and visit friends and relatives to pay a New Year call which called Bainian.
As is known to all, had it not been for the earth, we human beings perhaps would never find a suitable planet to live on.
All over the world, industrial waste water let out has seized homes and even lives of marine animals.
Seeing along the road, sedans, which are running all the way giving out waste gases almost make us out of breath.
So, finally, the earth came to the end of her patience.
Wildly do sandstorms blow that trees are uprooted.
As the ozone gradually becomes damaged, humankind's survival is threatened.
Also, extreme weather that turns up frequently brings us in popular anxiety.
We all should treat nature with respect and put enough emphasis on daily life to avoid destruction to the environment.
Today things are different, the earth has become too crowded.
We are using up our natural resources, and polluting our environment with dangerous chemicals.
The earth is not as well as it was before , but it always our home and our human have the duty to take care of it for our later generations .
Secondly, although civil servants' pay is very ordinary, but welfare is very good.
Finally, the civil servants in people's minds have higher social status, no matter where, civil servants will receive the respect of people.
We live on the same earth and all of us are members of the marvelous family.
In my opinion, I think we should try our best to support them in some situation.
First, helping others are to help ourselves.
Everyone will come across lots of difficulities in our lives.
When we met difficulties.
We also hope others to help us.
And those whom choose to be happy must happy others to find happiness for the welfare of all.
In my opinion, we should still offer what we cando to help those needed strangers.
Meanwhile, we should beware of getting cheated and use our common sense to tell whether the strangers are real needed people or just professional cheats.
Detecting anything unusual, we should defend ourselves or turn to the police.
Random acts of kindness are great if you're in the habit of showing kindness as part of your daily life.
Actually, everybody learns by different methods.
Learning styles is different between person and person.
In the morning, I recited some of the need to remember the lesson and memorized English words.
After all, morning is the best time to remember some thing.
In the spare time, I listened to some English songs to improve a sense of language.
I often read some English novel and see some English movie to learn English.
As much as possible to communicate with others in English.
All in all, Favorite and the most suitable method, in reality, is most concerned about, is the most interested in learning.
They are going to get married.
During the past two years, she has proved herself to be hardworking and reliable and devoted to her duty.
She is really a competent secretary.
She has a good command at English and German.
Her English and German speak very fluently.
Recently years, with the development of the internet, blog becomes more and more popular.
Blog is short for web log.
Compared with dairy, blog is more convenient and not easy to leak privacy.
It's one of the reasons why blog is so popular.
The second, there are many resources on the internet.
People can insert interesting picture and nice music in the blog to make it more attractive and get high hits.
And they can also read other blogers'article which holds different opinions, with whom to discuss current affairs.
The third, a quite important reason, many stars use blog to record their daily life, so fans will give attention to it and comment on it.
On the one hand, blog which provide people with social interaction and self-display platform is contributed to the communication between people, on the other hand, it also give others chance to spread bed information.
And many reports in the blog is unconfirmed.
It's one resource of rumours.
Last week a quarrel occurred in my family.
My roomates wanted to study street dancing and asked me to go togeher.
Then I told it to my parents to ask their views.
What made me depressed is both of them strongly opposed it.
I argued with them and asked why.
Finally they still forbid me to do it.
In my opinion, although they are all for us, they don't know what we really want.
A man in the Internet makes up some words and the two person are running away with frightened face.
This picture shows that online rumors make people scared .
To be honest, the Internet can benefit to us so much, but it also makes some troubles.
With the increase of Internet users, some people aim to earn money by all means.
A word can be seen by all people who are on the Internet, let alone the serious news which are expanded to all the society .
care about the things that around our life.
A a result, the malicious people make the online rumors at random.
In this occasion, we woule rather believe it.
So, they achieve the aim easily.
Therefore, it is time for us to take actions to avoid and stop the online rumors.
First, the government should enhance the legal disciplinary system.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film than to read the original work.
Each has its merits.
For example, the movie has three advantages.
As for as I am concerned, the original work more real.
One of the luckiest things in the world for me is that I have caught the last bus, which is one of the most anguished things for me too.
It was 9 o'clock then.
After an afternoon of shopping and eating , my parents and I luckily caught the last bus.
The scene was horrible.
The bus had already carried too much people, while there were still 15 people outside who were waiting to get on the bus.
I tried every effort and got on the bus from the rear door, hoping that I would not be swing out when the rear door was open.
To my despair, another group of people appeared in the next station.
Pushing and shaving, I had to stood on tiptoe to regain my balance.
And I had to maintain my pose all the way since I didn't know whose shoes they were.
Exhausted, we finally got home and all of us went to bed immediately.
But I couldn't fall asleep for several minutes.
What's more, stop worrying about the things you cannot change.
Researchers in San Diego Medical Center once organized 50 retired soldiers and 36 medical workers to be involved in the research on the effects communication has on relieving stress.
Mr.
Smith is our new spoken English teacher.
He comes from Canada.
He is a enthusiastic man with glasses and is of medium height.
We all like him because he is humorous and outgoing.
When we have difficulty in speaking English.
He will help us to solve them.
Now, many problems about education were exposed to parents and students.
Therefore, In recent years, a growing number of people have begun to challenge the reliability and feasibility of examinations.
Because of the way of examination, students must study hard to pass the exam and achieve high grade.
Some people hold the belief that we must follow this education which make a lot of students become better while others argue that the fashion of examinationsis wrong.
However, I suppose the way of examinations have its advantage and disadvantage.
And the education of china is a crame teaching.
We should admit that there is a real limits to a lot of students to do their own things.
They have to read books and take exams all the time.
Furthermore, most of the students' health become poor and poor.
They have no time to do exercise.
The examinations of china is not wrong completely.
However, some things should be correct.
School should give students more time to do their favorite things.
Theacher do teach their students how to study it not to what to study.
As we had become a college student for one and a half years.
Usually we should change our classroom in different time .
Thatis the college life which we should adapt to .
I am a college student now.
I think that having a meaningful college life is good and comfortable.
It is good because we are very free to complete other things.
Firstly, we should read books in the library and take part in some communities.
In recent years, various environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the years.
For example, cars have made a lot of poisonous gas into the air and the factories have poured waste straight into the river.
The Earth is our home and we have a duty to protect her.
Measures must be taken before a thing goes worse: the government should make laws to limit the pollution, people are supposed to save our precious resource and the awareness of low-carbon should be planted deeply in everyone's mind.
As we all know, all the new things will suffer from the arguments weather it is a right situation.
In my opinion, cloining itself is technology of science, when the science is growing up, a lot of new things which good for us appeared, such as cloining  .
Though there are lots of imperfection in it, but it can save people's lives as well.
Maybe you are against it now for it is a freak, but when you are ill and nothing can help you but the cloining, I think you will change your mind at once.
we should trust it because it has a friendly head, it will work for people.
It does not seem that the carbon dioxide is a villiain in the atmosphere.
Also, it is essential for all of animal life to absorb and convert it into their own tissue.
In result of this , not only will many cities be drowned, but much of the most productive farming areas of the world will be widespread and various structure may collapse under the pressure .
However, it is known to all that everthiing has two coins , so this gas is worthy to be thanked that it is keeping us comforably warm.
It is that the carbon dioxied in the atmosphere is rising steadily .
Two factors are to blame for .
Second, forests are cut down to make various things at the high rate .
On one hand , we had better to save our orests, and even replant them.
On the other hand , it is essential to look after some alternatives instead of harmful gases.
But the most important of all is time , work and money.
I really want to have a shoulder to cry on .
I am eager to travel there.
A mobile phone is playing a very important role in our daily life .
We can use it anytime and any where .
It greatly improve the efficiency of people's communication.
Mobile phones can make people keep in touch in spite of long distance.
Moreover , we can use it to listen to music and to chat in our spare time.
In addition, Mobile phone also is a library.
People can access the Internet whenever we use the mobile phones.
when we meet some unclear problem.
With the development of the economic, most people have a good life.
And there are all kinds of merchandise in our daily life.
Whether food, toy, home electrical appliances or shoes, they all have different and beautiful packing-up.
To be honest , more packing-up causes a very big waste.
There are many companies producing the same merchandise, and their profits will decrease.
They want to get more market share to earn more profits, so they make the product attractive by increase the beautiful packing-up.
In the meanwhile, it wastes a lot resources.
Our school is a new building and the school library hasn't finished, Instead of the school library, Our school has a reading room, students can read in it, but it is too small and doesn't have enough books covering every area to read, we can't get too much useful information from it.
Regarding this, some public-spirited advertisements put an idea forward that No business, no killing.
The laws have banned both hunting and trading endangered wild animals.
But I did not give up.
Two month latter, I studied in a classroom again.
In the fouth year of my senior high shool life, I worked harder than ever before.
Everyday, I got up at 5 am.
After a rush clean, I walked to classroom to begun my morning reading.
Because time was to early, the light of the classroom was still turned off by the manager.
In that case, I had to take a flashlight to throw light on my book.
Between the break of two class, I usually read some English words and keep them in mind.
At night, after reviewed my lessons in class, I would read my notebook in dormitory till middle night.
Sometimes I was tired out and just wanted to give up, but I knew I could not.
My dream had not come ture, I had to gone for it.
No pians, no gains.
The result as you have knew, I admitted by this school.
Most of people have a dream of becoming somebody or doing something.
Some people want to become business , others want to enter in NBA , still others want to become doctors to save people's life .
So we chould establish an ambition first , and then spare no effort to reach it .
With the development of education, distance between students and teachers keep closer.
Many college require students' evaluation of teachers.
Someone think that as a good teacher should be adepted to students, and could let teacher found what they should do better.
  Forces Act is a mutual  , teaching and be educated is also a mutual.
Trust is the key point between teacher and student.
Lost of trust, any evaluation would be useless, of crose it is bad for evaluation in college.
However , somebody opposed to this action .
they thought that when the student evaluated the teachers , they would involve they own emotions .
It would make the instructors lack of objectively .
Primarily , because no matter the teacher do well or not at this time , i believe everyone in them want to try their best to help the students , and want to be better .
When we come across an opportunity, we shouldn't hesitate.
What we should do is catching it at once.
Nowadays, more and more universities put their emphasis on the social practices of students.
But, in reality, we can discover that most of the students are short of this part.
In my opinion, in social practice, we can surely make progress in both knowledge and ability.
We can prove our eloquence and lean how to exchange informations with others.
Through organizing social practice activities, we can improve our cooperative consciousness.
Moreover, social practice can offer experience we need when we work in the future, and so on.
These are not all advantages of social practice.
We can not realize that until we do take it ourselves.
For all staffs, our company set a special smoking room.
The smokers want to smoke who can walk into the room at their rest time.
It only can maintain staff's rights, but focus on theirs healthy.
Nowadays, the population growth in cities has accelerated, the population scale has been expanding continuously.
It's going to cause us problems.
Firstly, if there aren't enough public transport means to choose, more and more people choose to drive and it will add pollution.
More than this, Chinese Universities have been expand enrollment levels to meet the rising demand.
However, every coin has two sides.
On the one hand, more and more students are enrolled to Universities.
It keeps up with the need of the job market.
And most of all it can raise the intellectual standards of our nation.
In any case, I am still confident.
Then Ms X recited a paragraph which came from the passage-Hometown, written by LuXun.
After reading them, her eyes were full of tears and she expressed her sympathy to those people.
I'm in Chongqing Uniersity now.
Since July, it seems that we have not been in touch for nearly 3 montns.
As we all know, reading can benefit a lot.
According reading, we can not only gain much knowledge, but also complete a progressive thinking process.
In my opinion, we, university students, should grasp every opportunity to read, to think and to practise.
As a college student, I believe everyone of us should have a professional advantage over others.
What's more, some literary books are essential.
They can broaden our horizons and richen our lives.
It helps us know how to live better and how to become wiser.
Last but not least, some practical books are also necessary.
Nobody wants to become a bookworm.
So, we should master some practical knowledge.
Some students said that they decide to get a part-time jobs have three reason.
Nowadays, with the development of the information technology, an increasing number of people begain to use the mobile phone.
The students' main goal was to pass along information in as little time, with as little small talk, as possible.
There are some important reasons to support my view.
On the one hand, it is convenient.
You can make a phone wherever you are.
It makes our world small.
We can contant people in far distant.
If you have some urgent thing, you can make a call immediately.
On the other hand, to send short messages is much cheaper than to make a phone call.
It can save your money.
What's more, people can relax themselves by playing mobile phone games or listening music.
Last but not least, nowadays, mobile phone can bring many new things to us.
As far as I am concerned, it is convenient for people.
After all, mobile phone bring lots of convenience and satisfied our need.
Thursday's writing class, left a deep impression for me.
My teacher give me a draw drawing of a pig.
The teacher will be in the middle of the drawing on the blackboard.
First teacher of our class is divided into the two groups competition.
Then each member according to the order of painting pig parts is predicated on the painting blind folded painting.
At the end of each team cheers each finished their own painting.
But in this lesson, we gain to unity and the power infinite happiness.
Everyone has special characters, my father is the same to others.
My father has small eyes, looking more gently, the daddy's hair are not many, he said he can have a clear impression in others' heart.
This is my father, I love him forever.
Unfortunatelly, I hadn't taken the latchkey home.
What they told me was that my mother was looking after a little child whose mother was on business.
She said to me.
Then, she went on helping me review .
  The two words were what my mother always said when I made faults.
Recently, I saw a very classic movie called Rain Man which was acted by Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise.
Rain Man is an excellent movie about two brothers.
One is a selfish yuppie named Charlie Babbit who only cares about money, and the other one is named Raymond who is autistic and know nothing about the importance of money.
Charlie realizes that his father left three million dollars to Raymond and little to him.
What a big surprise that Raymond should be his brother.
It is a completely moving and unforgettable film.
I was totally touched by the two actor's performances.
  The words that Raymond often talks to himself.
I couldn't understand it at first, but when I have seen the film again, I thought I could understand it.
One is lonely, two is a family.
What's more, Raymond is autistic who is the weak, and he needs love and care from others.
Firstly, I'll take you to see a century of pear trees.
It's very appetizing and distinctive.
I'm sure you unforgettable these foods.
And, you can bring some specialties, when you go back.
Finally, l'll take you to see plant .
This also can let you feel yokels ' lifes.
As far as l'm cconcerned, l hope can go to your place to sit.
The study of high school is extremely boring, we have to much homework need to be down , we have to hand in our homework in time, we feel intensely tired.
The study of college become more difficult.
In college, no one asks you to study, you must to learn consciously, though you have more time.
You don't have a fixed classroom and fixed classmates, you don't meet your classmates every day.
We are glad to imform you that our goods of Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 have been shipped per S.
S. Pearl  , and transshiped per S.
At first, we should try to eat less food that have fat and suger, and try to eat more vegetables and fruit.
we shuid a balanced diet.
we also need some exercise to keep our good body.
For eaxmple, we can paly basketball, vollyball or table tennis.
Then wo shuid a healthy life style.
We need to get into the habit of get up early.
And reasonable meals and sleep on time.
It will make us keep a good mental state.
Do you think of you have a healthy life.
If not.
Please follow my steps.
She give me life and selfless motherhood .
She not scolded me whatever I made any mistook , and she would taught me how to correct my mistook and changed my badly habit.
I have a young sister, she not only deflect sis for my older sis, but also very fond of me.
In my flimy , my father was perennially busy with job.
She had to take on family matters.
On my free time.
I often do housework at home with my brother.
and I think do chores help to develop my independence.
But on the weekend.
I have too much time to result.
I usually go to the park play badminton or running with my brother.
But sometimes it is raining.
The Spring Festival of the Yang more to come later than usual years.
My family prepared for our Spring Festival for many days.
We went shopping to buy some seasonal fruits and vegetables of all kinds.
We also bought red lanterns, colourful lights and Spring Festival scrolls.
At last, the house is decorated with red things.
At the eve of the Chinese New Year, my friends and I began to enjoy the tradition of setting off fireworks while my parents were making dumplings and other delicious dishes.
I think the Chinese New Year's Eve should be spent with the family, sitting around at table, talking, eating and laughing.
We did so in fact.
We talked about the whole year and made best wishes for the year which is approaching.
sofa and watching the Spring Festival TV gola.
To be different from the annual Spring Festival TV gola times, we started to shake our telephone this year.
Although we were not lucky enough to gain some Hongbao, we enjoyed ourselves when everyone in the house shook hands together.
We were very excited during this night .
And then, we we went out to shoot off firecrackers together.
We believe that firecrackers will bring good fortune in the coming year.
Although some people think that the electronic products like weixin widened the distance between people.
Although some people think that the fireworks leads to worse air quality.
I still think these technology brings us some new trends that make everyone feel happy as well.
need them to celebrate our festival.
The Spring Festival comes from China but belongs to the world.
Today is January 3rd in Chinese calendar.
I hope to go to Beijing temple fair before start new term.
First: Choose paper suitable for students from the English newspapers and magazines and the Internet .
If we cheat in the exam, our teacher will nistake us for our required knowledge.
Last final exam, my deskmate copied my English and got a high mark.our English teacher sang high praise for him, making him very pround, and didn't study hard in English.
Therefore, we should have a good attitude to exam.
And think it is a shame to cheat in the exam.
According to the latest research, we can find that mang students are under pressure.
Pressure has a good side, but also has a bad side.
First, we should know where students' pressure come from.
Pressure may comes from learning.
On the one hand, we have lots of homework .
On the other hand, we have to face the competition of students.
Pressure also comes from parents.
To keep pressure under control, we should treat the pressure correctly.
We should try our best to study, so we will have confident to face pressure.
Many people think that AIDS is a terrible.
So it is looked down upon them.
so he was born with AIDS.
He is very thin, after the death of their parents and grandmother live together.
He likes his grandmother holding him, because lie on grandma body is very comfortable.
Look at his childhood will suffer the pain of torture, I really good sad.
Although AIDS is very terrible, but we should also to ordinary people's attitude towards them.
now we study in the shool we should spend more time to study English well .
In the English class , we should learn English carefully .
  In my opinion, hardworking plays a vital part in success.
When I was in junior high school, I performed bad on Math.
My parents worried about me so much that they communicated with me about my study.
As a result , I took their advice.
Since then, I spent every minute free doing Math problems.
Due to my effort, my hard work paid off.
I made great progress in the latter exam that I ranked first in the class.
I was so excited that I told my parents the news at the first time.
For my experience, I firmly believed that success depends , to a great extent , on whether we are hardworking.
We all know, it is more important than books.
Then , students can make some money, which helps to unload their families' financial burden.
Finally, students can make a lot of friends so that we can enrich our usual life.
This article is mainly about why the U.
  Never give up  , A person who believes in them it will achieve his goal no matter how many times he fails.
As an old saying goes:  Failure is the mother of success.
The first time I entranced the Northest Normal University, I was so happy and excited.
All the things here appealed to me so much.
The college life is filled with inactive sense.
Immediately, I felt I was a bird fleeing from the cage, eventually I got rid of the dull and complicated high school life.
I can arrange time by myself.
I can fly in my own sky.
I do not need to care exams and grades.
And every coin has two faces.
Since I have left home I must be independent.
Sometimes I feel alone and helpless, I have to study how to wash cloth, how to get along well with others and so on.
On the whole the college life is delightful.
I have tried a lot of new things which I have never devised.
I took part in many organizations, though I was passed.
Well, I have said goodbye to my hard but happy high school life.
Now I begin my new college life.
No matter what will happen in the future I will smile to life all the time.
The capital of Switzerland is Berne.
Switzerland is famous for its scene and it is called the garden of the world.
The flowers are everywhere and the air is clean.
Millions of people visit Switzerland every year.
The watches of Switzerland are nice, too.
They are very expensive but popular among the rich.
Switzerland's chemistry is developed and food is delicious.
The next day I asked the last owner of the house, and he told me ten yeas ago there were a man and a woman living here happily.
But the man fell in love with another girl.
The woman was very sad and jumped off a high buiding on April 4th.
So every April 4th the woman would come back and kill all the people in the house.
Last night she searched the first floor, and there was no person.
So tonight she would search all the place.
But the owner also told me the way of escaping from this problem.
That is to hide under the bed.
The midnight came.
The strange noise appeared and Spider was flowing again.
The noise was just like something jumped.
But suddenly, it stoped flowing.
The noise eccoed again.
Then, the door opened.
I was so frightened that I closed my eyes.
And then I heared a frightening laughing.
It is because of while the woman was jumping, her head was bumping the ground first.
And twenty years later, a new was built there, and it is called Canbridge.
Nowadays, more and more needless slaughter happens.
This problem is partly caused by mechanical failures which include faulty brakes and bald tyres.
In addition, anther important cause is environmental conditions.
As we all know, the environmental conditions become more and more severe, for instance, the intermittent rain or snow, the heavy fog.
Apart from this, the blind corners and the narrow streets also account for this.
First of all, while entering the college, you need to know who are you, that is to say, you are supposed to change your roles from adolescence to young adults.
What's more, you should learn how to live without parents' accompany.
Secondly, do not consider college to be a free time.
Some college students spend too much time and money on the computer games, which is regarded as a wrong way to kill college time.
You must take your majors seriously and then learn more knowledge about your majors that may relate to your future jobs.
Thirdly, besides what your majors include, you need to expand the social circle.
In that case, you should make more friends and communicate with each other as much as you can.
To sum up, you will become mature and independent both mentally and physically during your college years.
If you think that you have studied hard, that is enough then.
  I bought it after I got the first salary as a worker.
My college life is different.
To begin with, I used to live at home after school.
my hometown and parents, I couldn't catch sight of any familiar faces and have to cultivate my independence.
Also, living in a room with limited space, I shoud try my best to build a harmonious domitory life for the sake of good study and good life.
Secondly, during high school, I had no choice but to bear excessively heavy study loads and stress.
What's more, seldom did we have activities, especially when the college enterance examination was approaching, which made me feel rather bored.
Things have changed since I entered the university.
Teachers don't distribute too much homework.
Besides, there are colorful activities such joining the student union, attending lectures, going to the library and so on, which I think are extremely beneficial to me all through my life.
Last but not least, the teaching method at college differ from that in high school.
I used to be engaged in doing things as teachers told me to passively.
At college, activity is the only road to knowledge.
I'm not forced to do the things I don't really like.
We have lively discussions , comparing notes with each other freely, not just hear teachers say all through the class.
This is really what I need.
I can voice my opinions, which in fact makes me feel I really study for myself, not for anybody else.
Apart from this , with less strict discipline at college, self-control is of great significance.
All in all, my college life is pretty different.
Whatever I see on the compus enriches my mind and broadens my horizons.
I realize that it's time to prepare myself for the future.
Nowadays, online shopping is a new shopping way.
It is very simple and easy.
But onlie shopping always has some flaws.
For example, you can't face to face the goods.
Although, onlie shopping has some flaws.
We have to think how to control this new way.
I think that we must be get more and more experiences that onlie shopping.
In this time, online shopping will be become a stronge shopping way.
Because onlie shopping can save our time and money.
Some times, I ask myself what I intend to do in the future.
I have a dream in my childhood that I want to a nurse.
In my opinion, to be a nurse is my happiness.
The nurse is a noble occupation and as far as I am concerned the white uniform is extremely beautiful.
The nurse is seen as help, assistance and selfless dedication.
Nowadays, in my view, I should do something to go to realize the dream.
To learn more knowledge to enrich myself .
There is that old saying that knowledge is power.
If I worked hard enough, my dream would come accurate.
A majority of students think that high school students should get online frequently .
Firstly , we can surf the Internet for information and learn more from it.
Secondly , it is possible for us to share our experiences and communicate with others.
However, some students hold a different idea.
They think it is bad for our eyes if we spend too much time on it.
Today many young people like smoking .
Some teenagers had begun to smoke when they are at school.
They may also feel upset about many things and they think it is very cool, but l think it is a bad behavior .
First , it is bad for our healthy , now many people because of smoking get to illness.
Second , if you do it in public places, many people will feel uncomfortable , and they might think you are a un-polite people .
As l know , today many women start smoking , oh, it is scary .
Last , as we know , there are much pollution on the earth , the largest one is by smoking and the other bad thing for the sky .
As you know, smoking is bad for our body , just like our lung and our respiratory passage.
Smoking is bad for our healthy , we shall call for giving up smoking.
One morning, my mother and I had a quarrel.
There was nothing happened but I said something made her angry.
Maybe not my words but my attitude to her made her angry and sad.
I supposed that it was my mistake, but I could't help quarreling with her.
I didn't know why I became this.
Every morning when I get up I feel uncomfortable.
Maybe it is because I get up early and I go to bed late.
In my opinion, it is common to families that the generation gap causes quarrels.
Teacher are very important to children, they must be rich in knawledge so that they can teaching us, and let us get more knawledge.
So they can better understand the weaknesses ofthe students.
What's more, a good teacher must know that what he will teach and what he can teacher.
I also think a good teacher should try to be one of us so that he can become a nice model to them and tell them how to be by acting himself.
That's all what I think about a good teacher.
There are two men who shared the rain shelter walking in the rain.
What's more, they are tightly shake hands with each other, in the meanwhile, looking with each other.
A true friendship does not appear in the sunshine, but in the rain.
I'll drink to that.
For one thing the true friendship should give each other and for another when we thought back to the day we are together, which makes us feel warm.
On the contrary, people who always play with you are stays away from you when you are in trouble.
All in all, wherever we are, we need to the true friendship, of course, sharing with each other is crucial which can establish the bridge of friendship.
Last Wednesday was our Spring Festival.
In the morning, my father , my mother and I went to my grandmother's home.
After us, my uncle, my aunt and my sister arrived.
'to each other.
Of course, I got some 'red-pocket'.
In the afternoon, we can hear the firecrackers clearly , it also means 'New Year is coming'.
After supper, we watched TV to see the New Year performances.
Well, in the end.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
For example, I often take exercises after class.
When I run on the playground, I aslo feel very tired.
But I know I must go on running and never give up, because it's good for my body.
As if I insist on taking exercises every day, I believe I will be very healthy.
The community include all kinds of activies and you can choose one which you're like.
In my opinion, choosing the after-school activities is depend on yourself.
Desiderius Erasmus (1466-1536) says nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
I am totally agree with him.
For a long time, we over explore our lands to have room for more and more people to live, which made grasslands and forests become deserts.
We fell woods, exploit coal, oil to burn, which led to global warming.
To live a comfortable life, and with the technology developing, scientists had invented air-conditioner, refrigerator, whose material caused the damage of ionosphere.
It is obvious that what we had done just for us benefit do harmful to our environment.
But we did not realize it until recently.
To protect our earth, we have to know the influence of what we had done on environment.
Nowadays, Online Shopping is becoming more and more popular.
But each coin has two sides.
Some people think it brings some convenience.
they can buy what they need on the Internet at home, and they can use the lower price, so it not only save the time and enery but also the money.
For some retailor, it save the costs that are used to rent a store in the downtown.
But some people think it has some disadvantages.
On the one hand, the qualities of goods lack of guarantee.
As far as I'm concerned, Online Shopping is a good way for us to go shopping.
And itis unwise to refuse to eat for fear of choking.
In order to make more people enjoy the convenience and pleasure of Online Shopping, we should carry out some laws to prevent some lawless conducts.
There are many cars driving on the road.
The bus whistles frequently so that you tend to get bad feeling, and also you'd like to cover your ears.
Everyone has his own future.
But the future is always up to now.
We should work hard to better have a good future.
This is a good way to improve teachers'level.
Promote the communication between teachers and students , especially to some shy students, they never have a chance to talk their teachers, so they can use this chance to communicate with their teachers.
At the same time, to learn some new things, improve them-self.
Students have right to evaluate their teachers, but this is not the only standard to assessment teachers.
Students' evaluation is not comprehensive.
Some students don't like this teacher, they will give some bad comments, maybe this will hit teacher's passion.
Dormitory, a family of minor group.
The establishment of harmonious dormitory.
We have many festival customs.
Couplets are symbolic of Spring Festival.
house with couplets.
In the evening , all relatives will have dumplings together.
When I was a child , my relatives .
teachers .
friends often asked me the same question what you dream is  .
At that time , I have all kinds of dream including to be a scientist .
a leader .
a artist and so on.
primary school and junior middle school.
In senior middle school , the only dream in everyone's heart was able to attend college including me.
Thought we didn't know the result , we all expanded much and we were willing to do so.
Now I have finished college study and become a postgraduate .
Then I face that question again.
Of course, this time I will answer carefully.
After thinking over, I decide my dream is able to find a good job, take good care of my family and this dream will go with me all my life.
In order to reach my dream , I will study professional knowledge well and even to be a specialist of my field.
Now I will work hard , do my utmost and take action immediately.
I wish my dream will come true , your'too.
I feel honoured to deliver a speech as the organizer of this competition.
Taking part in this competition is essential to English learners at different levels.
Not only can you improve your oral English and listening ability, but also it will contribute to helping you form a good habit of reading.
Besides, there are some rules that participants should pay attention to.
First, the time of the speech will be limited within five minutes.
Second, every participant should be skilled at speak English fluently.
Only by this waycanyou express yourself better and leave a good impression on the audience.
He cheered his favourite team when he watched the match.
At that time, I was went over my lessons.
Not only the voice of the football match but also his sound was too loud and influenced me.
I was so angry and I could not bear it.
I told him that he shall turn the TV down and did not be noisy.
He was very ashamed of that.
He took my advice and said sorry to me.
Nowadays, a reality talent show, The Vocie of China, has entered people's vision .
This program offers a new audition .
In this audition, judges are not able to listen the singers singing face to face .
They can just turn their chairs back to show the interest in the singers whom they want to teach and sing together.
In my point of view, what impressed me most is there is no fake.
Everything is true.
I think that's why so many audiences enjoy the show.
The different person has quite different views on dividing into groups.
If we do that, we can't study well.
In recent years, hunters of thousands of people in china take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming government employees.
In my opinion, A lot of collage students because their parents force was forced to take an examination of civil servants.
This will lead to a lot of collage students lose their dreams into the civil service to society at the same time.
Many people think that take an examination of the civil servants in this life is carefree, it really is not a good one million.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switerland which belongs to central European area.
It covers a area of forty-one square metres.
On the other hand, it has a tiny population of 7,500 thousand people.
Berne is the capital city of the country.
Switerland is a so tiny a country that there are many other countries are next to it.
For example, Austria, France, Italy and Germany are its neighbouring countries.
If you can take a visit to Switerland, I'm sure that you'll be attracted by the fantastic scenery.
It's known as Worldwide Garden  .
All in all, all the possibilities of happiness are always here and always available.
In the book The Art of Creative Thinkng, author John Adair tells us the advantage of creative thinking, that is-Creative thinking can lead you into new paths of creative activity.
In addition to use analogy, be curious, have prepared mind, creative thinkers should keep their eyes open.
One of the key points is The ability to give careful, analytical and honest attention to what you see is essential.
  As a college student, I think read extensively will contribute to keep one's eye open.
One can travel the world through reading.
In my opinion, to be an inventor, one must be intelligent, hardworking, imaginative, knowledgeable, and so on.
I think the most important quality is innovative.
An inventor has to have the ability to see the connection between two ideas or elements that are already exist.
In a word, creative thinking can benefit any aspect of our life.
People don't have to waste a lot of their energy and precious time to go from one shop to another to choose the commodities they like.
However, shopping on the Internet also has its disadvantages, people may be got stuck, so I'm every careful when I shopping on the internet.consumers can't see the goods or try goods may not be getting the same as what they have seen on the computer them on personally.
in our surroundings have many person got the shaft.
To put an end to such a serious problem, in my mind , it calls for the efforts from all sides.
phones to asking ringers for help, will be severely punished with no exception.
way to restore honesty by setting an example for the youth through speaking sincerely and behaving truthfully.
Smoking gives them some nice things, but at the same time, it gives people more damages.
For smokers, smoking can make them have many respiratory diseases, and if the time is long, it can kill them, there are many people die around us every year because of smoking.
Smoking is bad for themselves who smoke and others.
We can do many things, when you intend to smoke, you can try to listen to music and play basketball or do other'things what are positive for you.
My english teacher is very humorous.
She asked us to hand in homework via the internet.
I have never thought that one day we will hand in homework in this way.
I have a lot of good habits.
I always exercise.
I drink milk every day.
Also I often go to the dentist.
I use the Internet twice a week.
My parents are not happy, because I always stay up late and I never help with housework.
However, what she told me was the advantages and disadvantages in the two choices, and her final answer was you should decide all by yourself, for you are no longer a child, you should be independent now.
You are now an adult, and only by this you will have no regrets in your life.
Seen from the top of the hill, the village was magnificent.
I love it very much.
If we protected the environment, the village would maintain the status quo.
Relax, let alone the details, and just grasp the main idea.
I, m go to hanging out in library after school because even.
I go home.
Who have so mething in common and I.
We can shave experience on Monday.
Furthermore, there are many deserted plastics that are harmful to crops.
At the age of 30, I was wearing famous-brand suit, sitting at the desk with an expressionless face, and said to my subordinate, how dare you say such a stupid word without a draft first.
When I was 20, I was willing to tell everyone my age as soon as possible.
At the age of 30, I could't help to cry out, when hearing the mother's, mama, all thing that you said has come true.
When I was 20, up hearing a celebrity, I cheered, and rushed forward.
We have the unique behavior and different values.
But I intend to say all of these isn't our fault.
With the development of society, we have more and more emphasis.
Firstly, we have to consider study and obtain.
Secondly, the population of China grows up faster and faster in recent years.
Therefore, some children with 90s only think about themselves, don't care about others.
And they aren't able to do things well, they will give up if they have any difficulties.
In addition, they are the lack of confidence.
The blind pursuit of material satisfaction, and want to be famous.
Although we have many disadvantages, we also have advantages.
For example, we dare to challenge and dare to change.
The picture describes an old woman sit on the chair and stare at the mirror with sadness and distress.
It seems that she live along without relative and kids, she can only talk to herself.
It's common in our society that old people live along in their shabby house.
Certainly not, they mostly have many children and grandchildren, they may be eaten up with diseases, they are eager to stay with their children.
They popularly had a sweet family when they are young and they were adored by their children.
Our parents miss us than we think.
