I like the man who is humorous , he must always be ready to cheer me up whenever I feel depressed .
The significant thing is that my husband must love his parents, a man who love his parents would be abound in responsibility .
I would also like to have a husband who is well-educated, in that I will have a four-year college degree .
He necessarily has to graduate from a university .
He must be mature enough in dealing with things .
However, no matter how perfect the standards are, all of the above will probably crash when the right person turns up.
One day, I'll meet my Mr.
We all like her.
She devotes all her time to making us achieve better grades.
work better and life better in the society where English be used everywhere.
We don't have a strong will to discover the merit of our own culture , so loads of Chinese features were used in Hollywood movies to gain interests and reputation , such as panda and Chinese Kungfu .
Low-carbon lifestyle means that we should do as much as we could to lower the emission of carbon.
High-carbon is bond to lead to severe consequences if we keep turning a blind eye to it.
and foremost, we should save electricity like put out lights when we out of the room.
Furthermore, when we go out , we should obey to low-carbon lifestyle as possible as we can like by bikes or bus instead of cars.
As far as I'm concerned, as college students, we should on foot or by bikes when we are in campus and by bus when we are out.
We should protect trees and other green plants.
I made many friends and learned some professional knowledge in social work .
As mobile phone function more and more comprehensive, not only makes the modern people's life more convenient and quick a modern indispensable necessities.
Before I could keep my feet, another wave hit again.
Everyone gave me a wonderful present when I had a birthday party.
I can receive lots of presents, such as a doll, some new clothes and a bag back.
But my favorite present is a little dog.
It is named Tina.
It is brown and black.
One day, I was unhappy because of too much housework.
It lay on my legs and looked at me.
It said Wang wang and gave me a smile.
For a moment, I gave a smile back to it.
Then I took it for a walk.
Nowadays, the world is very flourishing, with the rapid development of the economy, more and more problems have been brought to our attention.
son for many reasons.
such as the more and more automobile appearance, blew a whistle has become the pollution; be improved to technology, the machine doesn't stop run, it also caused noise pollution; with the improvement of living standards, people's night life is abundant, bars kara OK and disco influence people the advent of hearing.
Nowadays.
we live's way has changed more and more big.
including eat food.
At first.
we eat food just at home in the old time.
we can eat whatever we like with our families.
However.
we should think what can eat before we eat it now.
and we often dine out.
secondary.
when we were children.
play compute game.
and all kinds of sports.
What's more.our clothes also have difference.
we wear more fashion than the old time.
In a word.
live will change everyday.
Nowadays, majirty of the university and college students have unhealth habits of their lifestyles.
For example, they don't sleep until mid-night, even more stay up all the night.
some of the youngers are inddication in the computer games.
The unhealth lifestyles will cause some problems of their Physical and psychological.
In recent years , cell phones have grown in popularity, which are now essential to millions of people as a convenient form of communication.
With their incredible convenience and fantastic speed, it enable people to easily and quickly communicate with one another, wherever you are, you can instantly reach somebody, not need to meet someone in person .
With the devolopment of technology cell phones have more and more useful function.
We can use it to listen music , watch movies and read books, it can even used to as a dictionary or private computer.
According to the investigation the number of people who use their cellphones is growing exponentially.
The truth of the matter, however, is that any new technology, including phones, has a dark side.
As is known to all , cell phones radiation is harm for our health.
Furthermore, the indulgence of children in surfing the Internet through mobile phones is very bad for their mental and physical healthy development.
It can kill one's social development who rely on the use of cell phones.
With the devolopment of new techniques, mobile phones will have more applications and more convinent.
As the saying goes, curiosity is the best teacher.
And it keeps hardworking and persistent.
As for we college student, we had selected the major before we went to college.
Most students chose it according their curiosity and interest filed at that time.
The major we would take in for four years, even more than four years.
Then we would enter the work world in relation to the major in the future.
Some students chose their major just reflected on their prospect of the major and ignored their real interest and curiosity.
So nearly most of them would not achieve a lot progress in the end.
To tell the truth, only we come to develop a habit of creative thinking and innovative design can we break through our though limitation to keep energetic and patient.
It's 421 metres high.
Standing at the top of the Mount and looked down the scenery.
If you think you can, then do not excuse not to delay, go into action.
So, please follow the ideas into action, we have not stopped thinking.
To the production areas, such as: agriculture, forestry, animat husbandry, fishery and other departments.
The relationship between lifestyle and health is extremely close, There are an increasingly number of people choosing to adopt a sedentary lifestyle in the modern day.
If people have a good lifestyle, such as no smoking, on drinking, no staying up all night and they frequently take part in exercise.
People don't always experience health problems, such as obesity and disease.
And if people's body is very well.
We have already knew the important relationship between lifestyle and health.
We must know how to keep a health lifestyle.
First of all, we should take more exercise.
Secondly, wo don't stay up late.
In order to having a good health, we must keep a healthy lifestyle.
Nowdays, the famous university campus are becoming new hot tourist spots, such as Peking University and Tsinghua University.
A lot people seem to think that the university campus should be open to tourists.
Here are the reasons.
Firstly, it is good to the development of tourism economy.
However, the others think that the university campus should not be open to tourists.
Their reasons are as follows.
In the first place, more and more tourists will destroy the university environment, like more rubbish and more noise.
In my opinion, opening the university campus to tourists , which is not a bad idea, but we must protect a good learning environment on university campus, for example, open the university campus in the weekend.
An English proverb says, the early bird catches the worm.
Afterwards, it could be argued that China would have had the same problems as India, just several times worst.
This famine was not necessarily caused by high population but rather because a leader got most workers to work in manufacturing.
Furthermore, once this ended and farmers went back to being farmers, there were still problems feeding everyone because of the increasing population.
Another reason to limit population growth is to allow the infrastructure to grow as well.
Spring Festival is the most important festival of Chinese people.
Before it bigins , we are used to spend many days to prepare it.
We clean the windows and room, go out to buy some food such as vegetable and meat, and we also buy some new clothes, of course , some firecrackers, too.
During the Spring Festival, people of the whole family get together, we eat dumpings and many dalicious food.
Children are very happy bacause they will get lots of money called Yasuiqian, we think it brings good luck to children.
At the middnight, wo go out to play firecracker.
I'm very interesting.
SOHO lifestyle is becoming popular among young people.
First of all, with the help of computers, people are able to work at home instead of going to the companies.
Besides, they can enjoy the freedom and convenience , what and when to be done, by working at home.
Childrean may have more time to stay with their parents .
What's more, people may feel relaxed and less stress to making full use of their talents for that they can concentrate on what they're doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors.
English is broad and profound, I like to learn English, its international status is very important, and learning English can increase our competitive society.
Some students like English writing, which could be applied to their own good English reserve.
Various reasons are responsible for the phenomenon mentioned above.
Firstly, in China especially in some poor area, it is common to see the old live alone.
We all know it is difficult to develop career, so the young have to go to the big cities to seek opportunities.
As a result, they have to leave their parents even their children.
Another reason for left-behind elderly is that most of the old have a sense of nostalgia, they don't want to leave the place which they had live in for a long time.
They prefer to live in a poor but familiar little place rather than living in a busy city.
In my opinion, what the old want just some attention from their children.
They know their children are busy at their own business and they will not blame their children, but they will feel lonely without their children's company.
Although sometimes we really busy at our own work, it is not difficult for us to spend a few minutes in giving our parents a call which will make them very happy.
Recently, we have had a hot discussion about our university life.
Some people think that though we are college students, academic performance is still very important.
Most parents, teachers judge students from their academic performance, so students study hard to get high marks in order to satisfy their parents.
As far as I am concerned, we still need to work hard in our university life as what we have done in our high school life.
As we all know, The Double Ninth Festival is a traditional Chinese day to pay respect to the elderly.
However, it gives rise to different views for the best way to respect to the elderly in this public.
Firstly, don't respect to the elderly in form because grand and spectacular isn't genuine concern.
With the development of the society, a gang of young people are busy in working, so they don't have free time to stay with their parents.
If festival comes, they will go back home and concern their paents about something like health.
It even more brings about loneliness of their parents.
So as a young people should care parents about their life in details.
Secondly, broaden parents' vision.
I think it is one of the most important steps to respect to the elderly.
Because children have no time to stay with their parents, as a child, he or she should let parents' vision become broaden.
For example, they can let parents study the Internen as for gaining the interests; they can let parents go to travel; they can let parents take part in Circle of Friends and so on.
Finally , try your best to go home and stay with your parents.
This must be the most effective way to let parents become happy.
You can go home after coming off work everday or on weekends.
When you go home, you can chat with your parents, and help them washing clothes and dishes.
All in all, as a young person, she or he should better pay respect to the elderly in the usual.
The official figure released in the United States, the word's largest economy, show that the income of the average household fell last year and that more Americans than ever are living in poverty.
Yet again, figures which show that the economic recovery is not being felt by American's less advantaged citizens.
African-Americans and Hispanic communities are disproportionately affected, as are the less well-educated, the young and people living in the south.
It's probably the decline in median income.
down 2.3%.
that'll worry politicians mist since the battle for middle-class votes will be vital in next year's presidential election.
The figures come just as President Obama hits the road trying to sell a $450 billion jobs package.
As far as I'm concerned, the figure will affect Obama's politicial position.
American voted him and wanted to live in a happy life.
But the problems seem to make American confused.
Many Americans are living in less cosy life.
Perhaps they feel disappionted and want to change the life style.
At the same time , politicians in America are worry adout next year's selection.
Obama must be anxious about the figure.
If he wants to stay in the president's position, he will have to solve this problem.
Americans are different from Chinese.
If they feel their rights are violated, they will take actions to protect themselves as soon as they can.
In China, we have to obey government.
Although the prices of goods are increasing, wokers' salaries still keep unchanged.
If you without hero in life , you without sun in life.
My hero is my teacher.
My teacher encouraged we brave.
What ever she does , she never give up .
She has a very strong will.
She trained hand.
She told us times is life , change depend on myself and believed Failure is the mother of success.
She made me study face difficultly thing don't give up and beleved myself can success.
She asked me known time is important.
My realized myself responsible.
She passion on life.
She caused my attention.
She made my eyes widened in surprise.
My favorite sport is running.
I often running in the P.
class or free time in the school.
Sometimes, I go to the gym.
If you ask me why I like it, I will tell you that running is very relax, it can makes our body healthy, Even more, it is the most cheapest sport.
With the development of society, people become more and more cold .
As far as I am concerned, the heart is always good.
We should help people under the premise of protecting ours safe.
There is no doubt that you help others now, they will help you tomorrow.
Therefore, we should be glad to help others.
And no matter people are strangers or not , we should help them when they need help.
Therefore we should work hard to come true dream what want we do.
There was event in my life.
And we also played and slept together.
A wonderful day before my seventeenth birthday, a pretty boy said that he liked me.
Lately, it's was my birthday , the boy presented a pink cake and a photo album to me.
I was surprised and very chuffed.
The cake was very beautiful and delicious.
Pink is my favorite color all the time.
It beat my heart again.
In fact, I was flipped.
At that time we are young and simple, There was no worry in our life.
As a result, the love of us was fine and happy.
Now, we grow up and go to college in the different place.
And we keep in touch with each other.
The incident was remembered in my heart all the time.
There is no double that I am really lucky , because there is much love around me .
The love from the parents.
They are always looking after me when I am in trouble or sad.
  When I failed the exam they always encouraged me .
When I got love with them I felt warm, rich and lucky.
So I think I should show my love to them .
All these love around me.
Currently media outlets have reported many confrontations between people practicing square dancing and neighborhood.
Dancing is benefit for the people health.
Firstly, nowadays the society development is in a fast pace, many people living conditions is improve, so many people like do something, so dancing that it is very popular with people's things, people dancing may the time can use good.
Secondly, many people go to in a square to dancing that can make the people's body become better and better, and to dancing may many old man the body become vivid, so it is very benefit for old man.
Finally, it is important that in a square to dancing you can to make many friends, and make you life become better and better.
However, it is have many disadvantages, have many people by the loud and throbbing dancing music even fired a shotgun into the air, so have people can not stand it.
In Hubei province, residents of a locality reportedly threw rubbish at people dancing in a square.
Hello, everybody respected teacher and dear classmates.
My name is X.
from Class 5.
As a candidate, I am confident that I qualified for the post of chairman of our school's Students' Union, with the assistance of the students, I believe I can do a better job of the student union, the better.
I apply for this position I need a space to show my ability.
I hope to play a greater role in the higher position to lead the students will do better Jinyuan High School.
If I am lucky enough to be elected I will do the following: First.
Next.
I will coordinate the various relationships between teachers and students.
Though you entered university earlier than me, I still have inclination to talk about what books should we read.
University is where we should learn both wide and deep knowledge.
Not only to widen the vision , but to develop potention.
What needed is to read more books.
I am willing to suggest 3 books to you, each of them typical of its field, according to the well-known saying by Francis Bacon 'Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
The first book is called AWAKEN THE GIANT WITHIN.
is the second book had to be read.
Both these 3 books are recommended by Kai-fu Lee, who you always admire.
What's more, student lack of humanistic spirit in university, for that they often ignore the ethical and humanistic value of comprehensive quality cultivation.
we are glade to inform you that our No.j-29 sales confirmation captioned good has shipped by s.
s. ''pearl''.
It will transport by s.
We have worked hard for a whole term.
Therefore, we booked the ticket for the train and purchase some present that cannot be found there for my cousin's family.
Last summer vacation, my mom and I went to Japan by plane.
We stayed 6 days there.
We visited lots of places, such as Osaka, Tokyo and Kyoto.
In Osaka, I visited the Tenshiyokaku.
It was a castle with white ang green.
In Tokyo, we visited the Fujisan.
Thought it was in summer, it was really cold on the top of the mountion.
Then, we went to Disneyland and we spent the whole day there.
We watched the 4D movie.
It was great, as if we got into a magic world.
We had a wonderful day there.
Most of students complain that life is not sweet as their initial expectation.
They say that life is flat, puzzle and they frequently feel dizzy and sluggish.
This may be accurate in favor of many students who are not sure of how they spend in college, but once they have a life planning.
First of all, the life planning subscribe to make life abundant.
As a teenager, I can't assist surfing at one or another, but my life planning always prevent that from consuming much of valuable time.
Insteadly, for delight, for ornament and for ability, reading is a major part of my life planning.
Moreover, I manage to take part in some activities in moderation, where I make friends with people of varied personalities, we get on with each other and get a great kick out of doing things together and talking about things of our interest.
In addition to being abundant, life planning has the merit of adaptable.
Robbots work well under the instruction.
In a similar manner, it is conductive to having a life planning, as that support us take actions on good grounds.
On the average, from necessary, before I arrange to join in activities, I usually go to the library to be preoccupied with finishing my homework.
And then I have the like hood of bending on discussing and organising of activities.
Above everything else, life planning donates to keep energetic.
At the mercy of the life planning, my life is regular, instantly, I arose up at 6:00 am and go to bed at 10:00 and after the morning exercise I persevere in eating breakfast and I have a nap in the great majority of cases.
My own experiences tell that so long as one realises what they intend to achieve in their life, one will take advance of the life planing to enrich the life, to adjust to life and there is a spring in a body.
Lu Xun has different attitude to the loves and hates .
On the one hand, he can do anything to defend the countryman from being threatened.
On the other hand, he against with his opponents .
From that, I know I should do an emotional person.
With the exception of those, I have understood one should keep up a great interest in their enterprise .
Mr. Brown is My foreign teacher.
After new years day, he ask our to introduce ourself family.
I think I must go to grandparents home, have a dinner with them together.
I prepare for send regaids to my friends, I can treasure ours frendly, I miss your.
I hope we can have delicious food, watch TV and play games.
Some students hold the view that the relationship between teachers and students like the gardener with the flowers , some even describe the relationship like this : students are to teachers what a bee is to a flower or what perfume is to a flower , A famous teacher once said that : students are the teachers' mirror, So students' evaluation of teachers are very important to a teacher's normal teaching quality , it can promote the communication between teachers and students , Also , it makes the students are more and more believe in the teachers, it can increase students' enthusiasm in leaning .
Every coin has two sides, from other' point of view , they believe teachers are the big generation, we students don't have right to evaluate our teachers, we should respect them, trust them, learn from them, and obey them.
First of all, there are a lot of taxis on street, so that many taxis make a lot of traffic accident.
As we all know , there is much love around us .
For example , the teachers help me to deal with the problem patiently .
MY parents prepare for my food carefully .
that is why I grow up happily .
When I get love from them .
So I must do something for them .
It is own way to show my love .
When I stayed at home for a week, I found it was so boring to do the same things: eating, watching TV, and sleeping.
After conquering many obstacles, I was an employee of Vanguard Supermarket.
As I was in trouble learning skills, I would think of my teacher ; because few people helped me patiently liking teacher.
At weekend, many people came supermarket to go shopping.
Undoubtedly, it would take many profits for the company, but for me, it was a misery day.
I have to work very late; that's tired.
Sometimes, someone intentionally created difficulties.
Even more, they gave you fake money.
Many foreigners come to the city.
Anyway, it is a time that contributes to my growth and maturity.
Nowadays, the phenomenon that university campus students to pursue the brand is more and more common.
Many students spend a lot of money to buy some brand products.
They think these brand products's quanlity are guaranteed.
Nevertheless, most of the students are rational.
They are opposed to this phenomenon.
Because it cost much money.
As far as i'm concerned, i don't have very good economic foundation.
My parents advocate saving.
So i like them don't pursue the brand.
I don't think brand products are good.
Blood donation has its great significance.
First of all, many people who are sickness and dying are demand for blood very much.
Blood means their everything and their life support.
Secondly, blood donation without repayment can inspire people and educate everyone.
Last but not least, there is a great spirit in it, it's selfless dedication and love.
Many people consider blood donation may be harmful to our health.
Nevertheless, in fact, blood donation is beneficial to our health.
As a college student, we have more freedom, and we can do everything we want to.
So we have more bad habits than high school.
Such as play the computer games, get up too late, drinking and so on.
First, I think the worst habit is play the computer games, as a student, our main aim is study, play the computer games can not only lost our time and money, but also affect our study.
So we shouldn't be addicted to it.
Second, I disagree we students get up too late.
a 12-kilometer radius say of good: a year is the spring, in the morning of a day.
So we ought to use the morning time increase our knowledge.
Finally, I think drinking is necessary for the college students, but we must stop where it should stop, because it's bad for our health.
In a word, although college students have many bad habits, but we also can be best.
Water, paying an important role in our daily life, breeding everything on the earth.
Along with the advance of the society, more and more problems are brought to our attention, one of which is that water become fewer than before.
In addition, there are two reasons.
Firstly, water is polluted increasingly by chemical factory.
After a thorough consideration, for my part, I think that people should be attaching more and more importance to the water shortage.
Everyone has responsibility to save water.
On the one hand, the government should encourage people to save water and get some measure to protect water.
On the other hand, the chemical plant should consider the water whether is polluted in the productive process.
The Mid-autumn Day is traditional Chinese festival.
It is the second most important holiday of the year.
People have celebrated the Mid- autumn Day since a long time ago .
Because Mid-autumn Day festival means reunion.
During the festival , there are plenty of other things to see and do .
we have a three-day holiday.
And we usually watch program, talk lot and tell stories after dinner.
It's generally said that the best way to learn a language is to be abandoned to it.
However, learning English also have something in common with playing games which you can get a kick out of.
It is essential to listen a lot and talk with each other as well.
Meanwhile, it is gorgeous reading that you can do.
The more efforts you make, the faster you read.
There are all my advices .
First of all.
if a person is guilty, maybe he will leave some evidences because of his impatience.
And if we cannot find anything to prove it, there isn't any reason for us to say with certainty that the man is guilty.
What's more, maybe sometimes this principle is not reasonable and fair according to our emotion, but the only thing we can do is to prove the fact with abundant proof.
In a word.
No matter who you are and no matter what you do, everyone has a dream.
It is colorful and different.
Some people want to be rich and some people want to be famous.
But you never can become millionaires overnight or suddenly jump to great prestige.
  No pain no gain.
People who dream of achieving have at least have one thing in common, that is, they always hold fast to their dreams.
Marie Curie, a famous scientist, has set a particular striking.
By chance, Marie find a new element.
Her dream had come true.
Success is not an accident.
Though barries may sometimes stand in the way of your dreams.
In accordance with your actual, make your dream more realistic.
Then just try your best.
Never say I can not do it or this is too hard to me.
Hold fast to your dreams, no matter how big or small they are.
Always believe that your ultimate goal is attainable as long as you commit yourself to it.
It may be briefly summed up as follows.
Many people say Time is money.
As far as I'm concerted , we should be coexistent with the Five Peaceful coexistent Principles .
I feel it lucky to be a pig, that man's pig.
It's my duty to put on weight full meals after full meals.
Every spring, I would change my master.
Sometimes, I would come across cruel men who often beat me.
I think, they are so stupid that hardly know my value.
Bright owners would spoil me , taking me as their babies.
Lucky, this spring such a man intrudes into my life.
He is a tall, slim man in his forties or fifties.
The day he brings me home is a sunny day, no cloud staggering above.
This home is so gorgeous, beyond my imagination.
Apple trees stand there, full of sweet flowers and light green leaves, totally  icy beauties  .
The breeze is my old friend.
It is she that makes big apple trees to wave hands to me.
I feel extremely flattered.
But I am too small to shake hands with them, which makes me sad.
A little down from the warm slope of the orchard(I learn it later) lies my new home, surrounded by the wooden fence.
  It seems that a person in front of me is not a tall man, but a kind mother.
My bed is a little strange, made of sawdust, yet warm enough.
When I want to sleep, I just plow a little furrow with my snout and lie down in.
I have three meals a day, each in a fixed time: six o'clock in the morning, ten o'clock before noon and 4 o'clock before dust.
At first, the cold ladies are hard to contact.
As the time goes by, we become close friends.
They tell me that their leaves will fall down in autumn.
  The respond in a tender voice, Life is a circle.
Three months pass by.
I am stronger and fatter.
The flowers all change into little green sour fruits.
I can never see my beauties any more.
I am in bad mood now.
The food in my trough is not that delicious as before.
When my friends die in autumn, I am destined to be another dishes on the table.
As the silver cord was cut, my first mother told me about the span of my life.
If I were a bird, I would fly in the azure sky; if I were a drop of water, I would flow into a wide ocean; if I were a little seed buried in soil, I would get rid of the prison and would be in full blossom.
But I am a little pig.
My sorrow confines me in the sawdust.
That words  Life is a circle  have haunted me for months.
My present mother come to check me, seriously.
Several hours later, he comes to me, followed by his giant son, who armed with a small bottle of oil and a length of clothesline.
I am very shocked.
The older son just cast a glimpse of me, then grab my front legs and upset me quickly.
At the moment I scream, mother turns the bottle into my throat, regardless of my hysterical shouting.
When the torment is over, my big brother right me and stand by.
Then my mother scratches me gently, but he suddenly stops, his brows wrinkled.
Again, he checks me seriously, yet completely.
After their leaving, I fell a little uncomfortable.
On such stuffy days, my sweats drop like greasy oil.
I don't know what happens to me.
I just fell a little dizzy.
Unconsciously, I vomits.
Two days later comes a couple of strangers, a young man and a lovely woman.
I hear my mother call them doctor McFarland and miss Oven respectively.
What they three have done to me flees from my memory.
At that moment, the pain inwards settles over me.
I even don't know how long it resists.
I have no strength to reopen my eyes.
What I can do is just sleep, sleep, and sleep.
All the terms and conditions are acceptable to us and we are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
Also under separate cover, we are sending you some samples which will show you clearly the quality and craftsmanship.
The offer holds good until 4 o'clock p.m. 14th of October , Beijing time.
The saying goes: whoendure to be guided.
What impressed me most was the men's 4x100m race.
Runners strove to speed up as they could.
Everyone had a ferocious look in the last runner who caught all people's eye.
He ran so fast that he seemed to be a rocket from people's sight.
There is no doubt that he got the first easily.
In my opinion, of course success is important, but to unite team members is more important.
I am pleased to confirm that we hold the next meeting .
I have booked the meeting at 402 rooms .
I want to check details for an event next week with my two assistants.
And confirm the schedule with security of our meeting is developed.
One participant will be late to our meeting.
His physical is not well.
Finally.
I greet you, you enjoy the purity of the body, you stern character, I would like to embrace you at training, strive .
In my opinion, governments should spend more money on improving all forms of public transportation.
these include buses, trains or subways.
On the one hand, governments spend more money on improving public transportation can bring with a lot of benefits and convenience to people's life.
Many peoples go to work will take more than two hours.
The government should take actions to solve this problem.
On the other hand, better public transportation systems will encourage people to use them rather than drive their own car.
The pollution of environment more and more heavily.
If a city has no a perfect public transportation, the air will polluted more heavily.
There are many reason to suppose governments should spend more money on improving public transportation.
Good transportation systems make a city clearer, more efficient and more convenient.
Many cyber gurus has claimed that the Internet will prevent wars , reduce pollution and combat inequality .
Secondly, millions of PCs, printers, servers and other devices gobble significant quantities of energy.
The Internet changes many things.
And Summer Place is a paradise on earth.
For The Great Wall, such a saying goes : One who fails to reach the Great Wall is not a hero.
Everyone attempted to rescue the partner.
I like the teacher that is teaching me because she is amusing and kind.
At the same time, her lesson is so clearly and she likes telling many stories to us.
So I think, a good teacher must be amusing and rich in knowledge or sometimes can be strict.
And, the teacher mustn't good and successful if don't likes students.
A good teacher shoule be patient because some students are not really smart, like me.
So be a good teacher need more patient to teaches them.
Everyone will be angry the teacher is no exception but a good teacher maybe not usually be angry, there are modest and open-minded.
The author above holds the view that the only effective way to solve the problem is to connect western visitors and chinese tourists more often , so that they can understand each other better in culture.
But I am not compeletly agree with that.
In my opinion, that is the question of moral rather than culture.
It is true that there are differences between western and eastern culture.
Both of them, however, are not approve of the rude behaviour in public.
In fact, it is ourselves who to blame for the situation.
We do lack public sense, which makes us do whatever we want to do at randon when we are in public places.
It is no use just to comminucate with western visitors as much as possible.
We may know more about them and understand them, but still are not able to respect them.
Because we do not learn to require ourselves strictly under various situations.
In other words, it has been an accustom in our mind.
We have to do more instead of konwing more.
we must put the theory into practice.
That is sad fact.
To avoid the heartbreaking fact, The young have much responsibility.
Parents are important to us as the root is important to a tree, who we should spend lots of time companying with.
Money is not everything.
We have lots of time to chat with friends on the internet.
However, we even have no time to call our parents.
So take your cellphone and call your parents.
Put down your work and go home to visit your parents.
My name is X.
I'm a 19 years old boy.
I live in the beautiful city of C.
I am an active, lovely and clever boy.
In the school, my favourite subject is maths.
Perhaps someone thinks it's difficult to study well.
But I like it.
I belive that if you try your best, everything can be done well.
I also like sports very much.
Such as, running, volleyball and so on.
I'm kind-hearted.
If you need help, please come to me.
OK.
This is me.
My mother is a strong woman, and her favorites saying is self-respect.
Looking back these years, she earned money for my brother's study and mine, and supported to our family .
She already did manual works more than ten years .
I would try my best to give my mother happiness, but I know only by studying hard can I do it .
In my opinion, a good teacher not only have rich in knowledge but also can explains the knowledge to their students.
They don't have to be strict and unsmiling, but they must to be organised.
They always like to give students a lot of tests, if student failed the tests, they should encourage them.
They love to talk to students and cares about the students, Even though they have favourite syudents, they modest and open-minded to every students.
In our life and we would love a lot of people, our families, our friends, our lovers, or star, writer and strangers.
Lunar winter vacation, a few days I have a cold home infusion, and my father out of the hospital to go to the supermarket to buy a lot of food to send me home, he is an elderly legs very neatly, walk a few steps will breathe for a half day, so he also to adhere to the home to see me so I felt very bad.
His body has a very strong force, and every time regardless of the upstairs or downstairs and he will not let me holding him, he would prefer railing their own walk slowly.
So from my father, where I learned to be strong.
I'm really glad that you are interested in traditional Chinese festivals.
A series of colorful celebration activities are held for the brand new year on the first day of the first lunar month.
On the New Year'eve, families get together to have a big dinner, no matter whether the meals are delicious or not, no matter how people have changed, the only things left in our memories are the shining lights, sincere blessing and deep warmth.
Everyone.
My name is T, I'm 18 years old, I'm from beautiful X.
In the school, my favourite subject is maths.
As a student, I study very hard.
For example, running badminton and so on.
If you want help, please came to me.
I'd like to be good friends with you.
University ranking, in recent society, is very interesting among a great number of universities.
On the one hand, it is very useful to some people, especially the people in our country, that the high ranking stands for the high level of the universities.
A university have a high ranking , a great number of great students will plunge to it, and it will be have more influence in our country.
But, have a high quality of education, I think, is much more important than have a high ranking.
That is because have a high level of education is the target to all universities.
Hong Kong is a beautiful city in the daytime, but even more wonderful at night.
In the author's opinion, it is the NAFTA and WTO that make U.
These free trade agreements encourage U.
The author think the U.
A reservation is a recorded promise or guarantee of a table in a restaurant.
For restaurant it helps make more profit while it is convient for customer to enjoy meal, spend less time.
In my oppinion, all countries in the world, I love Switzerland most, It is my dreaming destination in Europe.
Switreland is a developed country in the center of the Europe, whitch covers an area of 4.1million square kilomiters.
And the population of Switzerland is 750million.
And Switzerland has two important countries one is Berne, the capition of Switzerland and the other one is the most famous city , Geneva.
Switzerland is a amazing country, that's why I love it .
Nowadays, the number of is greatly increasing in china .
Quite a few characters take the attitude that we shouldn't take possesion of a mass of cars.
On the one hand , the reason is air polluted that there are a sea of cars, and causing our body is untheathy .
On the other hand , there are many traffic jams especially when people go to work and go home.
And the oil is a lack in the world.
On the contray, some of persons disagree that.
they hold the view that that they should have personal cars .
Firstly, it is convenient for people to go wherever they want to go.
From my own perspective, the private cars should not be encouraged in some degrees.
Napoleon declared,  Victory belongs to the most persevering.
He who has a goal is always concentrating his forces .
I have a lot of things to do in my free time.
Usually i take exercise after school.
I like basketball and volleyball very much.
Sports hlep me to keep heathy and study better.
I often watch TV or do some reading in the evening.
Sometime I listen to music for a while.
I find it a good way to relax myself.
Of course, I help my parents with the housework at the weekends.
Sometime I go to a field trip with my friends.
A lot of hamburgers and ice cream are unhealthy food.
Noodles, meat, rice, vegetables and fruit are healthy food but too much meat is not good for children.
Cola is a unhealthy drink.
Water, milk, juice, tea are healthy drink.
Nowadays, with the rapid development of the internet, people are becoming increasingly aware of the danger of using the internet.
From my point of view, the internet will not isolate us from another.
As we all know, the air pollution has become an universal environmental problem here and there.
In my hometown , the quality of the air is also not so good.
As far as I'm concerned, the action of human being is the main cause of the air pollution.
On one hand, some people often throw litter about and spit in the public.
On the other hand, the overuse of the disposable commodities also cause the White Pollution  .
And the construction of more and more factories also lead to the problem of air pollution even water pollution.
The government have banned the free use of plastic bags.
And some people come to plant more trees in both sides of the road in order to absorb more carbon dioxide.
In my opinion, the government can publish more policies to encourage more people to plant more trees or take part in other activities that are good for our environment.
On the other word you can read it everywhere and every time you want, also you can read again once again if you not really understand the arctic then you will find you can lean many things after you read again.
Recently there has been an argument about the reuse of textbooks on the internet.
In the beginning, I am of the opinion that the reuse of textbooks is necessary.
As far as I can see there are two hundred and twenty million students in our country, and three billion textbooks will be used every year.
So this means that our country will waste eleven million trees.
And then secondly, lt is said that the average lifespan of textbooks in our country is about half year, but the American's is the five years.
In a word, this shows exactly that waste is serious in our country.
Finally, in my opinion, we must try our best to save the trees.
Despite the mushrooming high building, the provision of living space still falls far short of demands.
Since the world is advancing, people are no longer reconciled to living in shabby shelters.
Various solutions have been suggested.
But there seems to be a drawback to each of the solutions.
The moving of urban population to the suburbs may ease housing problem in inner city but brings about traffic problem.
The best solution seems to be a combination of all suggeted solutions.
In many people's opinions, cell phone is a great invention in the world, it can make it easier for people to communication.
Besides, people can get more knowledge through cell phone.
But we also can see that many other people don't think this is good news, because cell phone are so much harm for people.
Such as cell phone always give off radiation, it's bad for people's health.
Visiting places of interest is one of characteristics, and you will taste many delicious Chinese food.
Now I'll introduce my dreaming destination-Russia.
Russia situated in the centre of Europe and cover an area of 41 thousand square kilometers.
It's the capital of Berne and has a population of 7500 thousand.
If a person is spoken shortly of some behaviors or is spread that he does some bad things on the online.
In fact, he doesn't do that, but everyone thinks he does.
He feels embarrassed and frustrated.
Especially , he feels more sad when his relatives and friends consider that he does that.
The Online Rumors do harm to people's physicality and mentality.
I watched this movie when I was adolescent.
This movie is impressive.
So I do not forget it.
Now I watched it again.
Forrest is a little boy with braces on his leg.
In many people's eyes, Forrest looks silly.
Because Forrest has a lower IQ than other persons'.
So he is different in the level of IQ.
Even though he could believe his mother's words he is normal.
I have never seen his inferiority.
Forrest's mother is a great woman who alone brought up her silly son.
I think it is difficult.
Even so she is strong, without any complains.
As well as she is so smart that she decided to let their rooms out to get money.
Aithough her son is different from other persons, she also wanted her son to have the finest education.
So she took her son to the Greenbow county central school.
He met the principle and all.
Unfortunately his IQ score is just 75.
It is low in the normal level of IQ.
Though his mother who is still optimistic.
It is said that, there are some collegues prohibit vihicals to be used in campus.
Surppoters insist that campus is the place for learning and do researches.
Driving in school will put students in danger.
No matter what, I approve those who recomment to forbid using behicals in campus.
Many people regards plastic bags as something good , not only because its convinience but also it's free.
First, it causes what is called white pollution.
It do harm to soil , then food , then animals, then our humans.
Second, such a big population will use up the resources if everyone use it.
There's a saying I can't agree more with , What you do one day will pay off  So you know what you will do next time .
I konw new teachers and new classmates .
With the development of information technology.
Now, more and more people rely on Internet.
Have many people think internet is a two-edged sword.
First, people will be lack of creative.
I am equipped with editing skills and experience as an intern in Bookman Books Ltd.
and others vehicles.
I think we can take action from tow sides.
Second cut tomato into pieces, not too large nor small.
And then we need to break the egg in to a bowl.
We just put into the same amount of salt and oil.
In addition to set an example, to emphasis promotion strength is also important.
My name is X and my English name is Matthel.
I am a 19-year-old girl.
I come from Y, Z.
Although I am short and fat, I am still very confident.
I love traveling, so I want to do tourism professional.
Hello, Miss X.
My name is Y.
I am from Z, Q.
I am one of people from Business English 2.
I am an outgoing girl.
I like making friends.
I also like watching the performance of Korean, for example Running Man.
I love it very much.
If you ask me what is my favourite sports.
In the future I want to become a translater.
That is my dream job.
I will study hard in the college.
That is all.
Some people think that independent learning is better than group cooperative learning.
They think the team cooperation can better learn.
In my opinion.
I think group cooperative learning can improve students' communication ability and cultivate their friendship.
We only through the team cooperation to find our own shortcomings.
When it comes to excessive packaging, it is no longer a new topic for us.
More and more products become more expensive than before.
The one of the course of the prices rise is the excessive packaging.
Nowadays, more and more people like to send gifts to their parents, friends and boss.
A special packaging makes the receivers happy.
From what have been stated above, we can naturally come to the conclusion that people make the excessive packaging and the rising prices.
So in my opinion, people can find other things instead of the excessive packaging.
English editor's main work includes two parts: First of all from English newspapers and magazines and the Internet to choose articles which is suitable for the students to read.
Want to apply for the students to meet the following two requirements: Firstly hope is willing to sacrifice their spare time classmate services for students.
Some of us will give a beautiful scene of our future lives, but the movie named Wall.
In the year of 2700, the earth is polluted by human beings who have already moved to other planet.
Wall.
E, a kind of robot which is sent to collect the garbage on the earth, with the time going by and the erosion of harsh environment, a large number of robots are not suitable for the harsh environment, only W works day by day.
Until one day, a robot named Eve comes to the earth to find green plant.
The movie tells us a love story between robots.
In the real world, love is limited by many things, but love between robots is pure and innocent.
They can't talk, so it's difficult for them to communicate.
W cannot express his feelings to Eve by words, but through his action, we can feel the love from W.
At the end of the movie, W and Eve hand in hand to welcome the rebirth of earth.
In addition, the movie warns us that we must protect our earth right now.
He is widely considered to be one of the greatest painters of all time and perhaps the most diversely talented person ever to have lived.
Among his works, the Mona Lisa is the most famous and most parodied portrait and The Last Supper the most reproduced religious painting of all time, with their fame approached only by Michelangelo's The Creation of Adam.
Perhaps fifteen of his paintings survive, the small number because of his constant, and frequently disastrous, experimentation with new techniques, and his chronic procrastination.
Relatively few of his designs were constructed or were even feasible during his lifetime, but some of his smaller inventions, such as an automated bobbin winder and a machine for testing the tensile strength of wire, entered the world of manufacturing unheralded.
Now the death penalty still exist.
Some people firmly think that the death penalty should be cancelled.
I have no idea why my English teacher always give us an extremely cordial feeling.
I also remember the sense of the first English writing class.
  Heavy and chean  .
Although she looks quite emaciated, her class with the abundant energy.
Sometime she shared her interesting things.
We also talked about lift at leisure time.
On one occasion, I made jokes on others in class.
All of us became silent suddenly.
She went on saying, It dose not matter , we can learn with joy  .
At a quick glance, some students are too tired to keep their eyes open so they choose to have a short sleep, part of the rest are willing to chat with others to relax, a joke or a funny story can make people feel at ease.
Different people have different ways to keep themselves stay awake to face the challenge in studies.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
My favourite teacher is Mr. Shao.
He teaches us geography.
He is about 27 , I think , and is rather good-looking.
We like friends when we get together.
And he is so lovely that just like a boy.
He always tells jokes to us in class.
I don't think I will bored in Mr.
I still remember once I didn't understand a point in a class.
I felt worried and helpless.
But Mr.Shao taught me again and again until I got it.
Because Mr.
The university students have bad in dealing with frustration.
The education of Frustration should be carried out in universities.
The university students must learn how to deal with frustration.
There are many beautiful countries in the world.
The country that I want to visit mostly is Switzerland.
Berne is the capital of Switzerland.
It is a developed country and covers an area of 41000 square kilometers.
It is a country known for its stability, multiculturalism, and prosperity.
The country's chief feature is its beauty and it merits its label as the garden of the world.
The most significant and priceless thing on earth for me is my parent's love.
It's pure, and not for any benefit.
If I have to compare it to one similar thing , crystal may be the best one, because it's value and characteristic.
I have realized my extreme fault, so I feel very guilt.
If it was not for you, I would no way have received such great happiness.
In recent years, With the progress of the society, the improvement of living standards, the computer has been popular, it is widely used for life.
Secondly, In computers can chat with the friends, increase feelings.
However, the coins also has two sides.
On the one hand, the computer spends too much time and money.
In my opinion, we should take the computer used for life, study, work, but this does not mean that used to everything.
We should have all kinds of life.
Computers should not be leading us most of our lives, it for us can only is a tool.
Beijing is a really nice city.
It has many beautiful place : sach as the Great Wall, the Summer Place and so on.
Beijing weather is not very good.
Because cars are too more.
The weather is just like London.
When you come to Beijing , you must visit the Great Wall, it is really interesting.
However, there is always crowded.
You can eat Beijing duck here.
It is really nice.
Thirdly, you can go to the recruitment agency to register .
The last, you can make use of the Internet .
It is a special and new way to find a good job.
you just need log on to the information.
I'm L, who is in charge of the competition.
I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to make a speech on this activity.
Up to now, the English speech competition has been successfully held for 10 years.
It aims at improving your comprehensive English quality, as well as developing useful reading habits.
Then, you all ought to be aware of the following points.
Above all, it's ordered that every one keep time less than 5 minutes when delivering speech formally.
Besides, the fluency in English may earn more scores for you.
The English speech competition has drew great public attention.
It's widely acknowledged that speaking English plays an increasingly important role in our life.
There are many clubs, such as Science Club, Drama Club, Sports Club, Music Group and English Corner.
Each of them has a lot of activities.
For example, when we are at the English Corner, we can communicate with each other in English.
We also can learn others' learning skills.
Everyone is free to choose a club to join.
These club activities start at 3:30 and end at 5:00 every Friday afternoon.
We enjoy ourselves during these club activities.
They make life interesting and colorful.
I am curious about the club activities of your school.
evary week, my father would take car go home.
carsjustis a tool.
How happy it was to move to my new apartment and I was so deeply impressed by its arrangement.
As I entered the bright, cheerful hall with beige walls and light grey capet, I noticed there were two pieces of exquisite paintings hanging on the wall.
Besides, an air conditioner was on the wall, which makes us comfortable to live.
However, to my surprise, there were so many doors around the hall, which increased the mystery.
After viewing the hall, I turned left and opened the door to the living room.
As I got into the room, a drop light caught my eyes.
There was a wooden, classical table surrounded by four sofas in the room where we can invite friends to join our party.
How beautiful it was.
After that, I turned left and opened the door to the kitchen where a big cupboard stand ed on the southeast corner of the room and various of tableware were put in the cupboard.
As far as I am concerned, it was a good place for dinner.
After that, there was a toilet next to the living room where a big bathtub and many wash utensil were here.
To my surprise, a closet appeared next to the toilet where so many clothes were here.
Finally, I walked to the right most of the hall and I opened the door to the bedroom where there was a single bed with its headboard against the far wall.
Only in this room can I have a sound sleep and a wonderful dream.
today is Monday, I often get up 6:00am.
after that I bresh teeth and wash face .
I have breakfast at 6:15.
I have four class in the afternoon .
I get home at 6:00pm.
I often have dinner at 6:40pm.
I finish my homework before 10:00am .
My life is very good.
Now, people attach importance to the ability of spoken English is much more than writing skills, most people think we can talk enough.
Most people think that English is spoken most effective means of communication, in fact, writing is one of the means to communicate effectively.
If you want to enter the international business work or study, then writing skills will help you be one of the rare.
I want to study English for different reasons.
Firstly, English is a useful tool, and It can make people who live in different places closer by communicating with English.
Secondly, people who can speak English can get more opportunities than people who can not.
Last but not least, studying another language can improve our abilities.
I want to study English for different reasons.
On one hand , we can know more about the culture of other conturies.
With these knowledge we can do much better when we travel aborad.
On the other hand, learning English well can help us study well.
For example , lots of books with good qualities are written in English.
So if we are good at English , we can learn more from them.
Last but not least, the earth is becoming a family and English is the official language.
Albert Einstein became the most famous scientist of the 20th century.
I really admire his genius mind.
I have learnt more about Albert Einstein.
On the other hand, he has the sense of humour and the super IQ.
In my opinion, he is a great man in my heart.
Hello, let me make a self-introduction.
My name is Lucy--an American who lives in New York.
In the first day,3rd November, we took a plane to there and we arrived there at 16 o' clock in the next day.
Then we visited the Forbidden City.
We had stayed there for 4 days and we had visited almost the places of interest.
I am looking forward to the next trip to China.
When I immersed in the AIDS people, who always try their best to fight with hard fate , I am deeply moved and can not laughter for them .
Those damage more let a person sad than from diseases bring pain.
Now let us pray for them.
If you ask me whom I love very much .
In the word , each mother loves their children , she takes care of them from the day when they birth .
She gives the loving care to them .
In my family , I also have one brother and one sister .
At noon , she cook lunch for us on time .
She always has a lot of housework to do .
Especially in winter , she has to wash our clothes by hands .
So her hands are always frostbited by the cold water .
However , she always say nothing to us and she can not let me help her .
For my mother , the most important thing I should do is studying hard .
I want to say thanks to my mother .
Let us say to our mother loudly : Mom I love you most .
The ten-minute class break is meaningful to us.
Look, class is over but the teacher continue in the class.
Some students listening carefully what teacher has said.
Others falling sleep instead of listening teacher.
Still others born to shake the leg.
In my opinion, in this case, the students should have more times to relax in order to welcome the next lesson.
Draging class will make students hate learning and have no effects.
While my mother was sweeping the floor, I was doing the dishes.
It's 4:30 p.m.
We ate a big meal there.
Nowadays, the telephone become more and more useful, such as: we can meet each other on telephone, and send the photos .
Maybe, at present, teachers konwthe university students would rather play the computer games than study.
nowadays, there are many people died of fire disaster.
today, i will tell you something about how to escape the fire disaster.
the very important thing is to take an evacuation drill, and the aim is to improve our save you ability skill.
and we should know how to escape the place where the fire disaster take place .
there also are many prablems .
such as treat the drill as fun and think it is not important .
in my opponion , first, we should keep calm and quiet.
second, we should obey the suggestions that the teacher said.
Today, society networs are very popular in our life.
And different people have different views on this phenomenon.
The majority of white-collar think that society networks can develop themselves'society circle .
It also contribute to the work'development.
And on the one hand, most teenagers think in the Internet they can get more frients, and they can share thoughts and happiess with them.
But on the other hand, many parents worry that their chirlden in social networking get along with fraud.
As far as I'm concerned, society networks more advantages than disadvantages.
We should take full use of the advantages of using society networking sites.
It helps us solve the difficulties in daily life.
In my heart a good teacher can't be too weak because it's hard to make students listen.
Apart from that the teachers also can't be too strict.
I think a good teacher need have some advantages such as amusing and interesting, try to be one of us.
Lot of students more like these teachers than others.
They take a lot of blessings of friends family and into church.
In general, the bride's father will arm in arm with bride then he will give daughter'hands to the bridegroom, the move means that the father agree with bride and bridegroom to marry.
Two persons will set up their own home.
First of all, two new persons in front of priest, follow the instructions and to do movements.
Then the priest say: Is there anyone present whom can show any just cause why these two persons should not be legally joined in marriage and so on.
Next, the two rings should be put on the Bible held by the Judge.
Next, the bridegroom takes one up and puts it on the bride's finger and the bride takes the other one up and puts int on the bridegroom's finger.
Last, the guests laugh, applaud, and throw confetti.
Comparing with stressful males, average females used to choosing more flexible jobs which are relaxing , stable and easy to manage .
However, others believe we learn by doing, and learn best from first-hand and concrete experiences, using our senses, exploring our environment of people, things, places and events.
My name is W.
In my opinion, we can use mobile phones to connect with our parents and friends.
And mobile phones can also increase fun for us .
However, mobile phones also has bad effect on our school life.
It will waste a lot of time and money to chat on mobile phones.
And it makes students dont focus on their studies but be crazy about phone games in class.
So visible , there are some negatives connected with mobile phones.
But we can do some things to avoid that condition.
We should pay attention to our teacher and turn off mobile phones in class.
According to this happenings, I really understood the old saying  The early birds catch the worms.
With the continuous development of society, the migrant labor are also more and more, they are each big city walk, including Shanghai and Shenzhen, Shanghai accounted for 24%, Shenzhen accounted for 20%, Guangzhou accounted for 17%, Beijing accounted for 16%, Chongqing accounted for 12% and Dongguan accounted for 11%.
From the chart can be seen that the distribution of workers is each big city, an important reason is the big city economic development, employment opportunities, remuneration and high.
I think some of them are in order to let their children can better education.
Children can keep pace with the times, develop the child's vision.
'A teacher says to the students.
The scene happens everyday in Chinese classes.
My mother told me: dear I want you to become a civil servant, so you will have a job forever.
I told my mother many times, civil servants not I like the professional, tried to convince her.
But I failed many times.
First, civil servants regular working hours, not to work overtime, work is more stable than other classes.
Secondly, What's more civil servants salary is average level.
The civil servants also need not pay social security.
Finally, Civil servants need according to the rules, influenced by too many rules.
I was stubborn, so I persuade my mother again, civil service exam hot made a lot of people will attend, and the test will be more and more difficult.
And the only one test are likely to succeed.
Nowadays, the gobble is getting insignificant owing of the internet.
So online shopping is increasingly fashionable.
I get accustomed to going online instead of going to a real shop.
For example, shopping online is much more convenient.
You just click your mouse to choose the dissertation you like and the shopping is finished.
You needn't step out of the room.
Secondly, you may find many different kinds of product that you can't find in the real shops.
Of course, however, every coin has two sides, shopping online seems easy and quick.
But online shopping has a lot of trap.
If you are careless you may find the product is different from what you need.
Some student think it is a good way to study and to know more things.
We can change ideas online and share with our friends.
Other students think high school students should not get online frequently.
It is bad for our eyes.
Today, a number of students always play games without study.
Some students always chat with their friends for a long time everyday.
As a result, they can not hand their homework on time.
My name is P.
We have many stress and tension in modern lives.
We could do some interesting things.
For example, you could listen to music which you like.
And you could read books or go for a walk after meals.
Those are all very useful actions.
But the best way to reduce stress and tension is to chat with someone who you believe.
This one could be your parents or best friends.
If you told someone with something made you unhappy or sad.
If you have any stress and tension.
Try to reduce it.
It has been a long time that the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV has been a common part of our entertainments during Spring festival.
Most Chinese people like watching it with families after having the family reunion dinner.
However, recently, someone has come up with the idea that the Spring Festival Gala on CCTV should be canceled.
To begin with, the quality of the programs has been worse and worse, it's very boring.
From where I stand, every coin has two sides.
Though it costs a lot, there are also some measures to deal with the money.
What's more, more different forms of the programs can be offered.
Reading is often of a person's growth and learning has an important influence.
At the right time, reading a good book can ignite the spark of thought, let us become more knowledgeable and enjoy reading.
Unconsciously, the reading to broaden our vision, inspire the infinite possibility.
People's thought is various, for the same thing will have different opinions and points of view, I am no exception, I also have their own opinions.
First of all, I think their point of view is correct, have their own reasons, but, I think their views are too one-sided, are inadequate.
I think reading can not only make us open field of vision and increase knowledge, can also improve our self-cultivation.
But we can not just reading, we should apply the learned knowledge to real life.
Now our society develops very fast, and we can't adapt quick life, so we think we lack of happiness.
The modern can feel anxious and nervous when they are caught in trouble, and they are negative in during a long time, so they don't feel happiness.
First, I will listen to some music when I get in trouble, because it can be relaxed my heart and don't be anxious.
Second, keeping a positive attitude is very useful, because everything has the double aspect, you can see the good from the bad.
Third, I can communicate with my best friends to deal with the problem.
If you can do it, happiness will be around you anywhere.
As a student in this university who regularly comes to the library at my leisure, I appreciate the high quality of the service offered by you.
However, I would like to give some advices for you to adopt.
In the daytime, most of the students are having class, so thry can't come to the library.
I really wish to have a more comfortable library.
We learn from the picture that mobile phones have been increasingly widespread in people's life.
It is to me that indulging in mobile phones produces negative influences on body and mind.
People's way of communication is various, such as talking, eyes or body communication.
It is not completing that interflow of communication by writing or simple language talking, , from a long-term point of view, this is not strong relationship will be as vulnerable as Cask Effect in the bucket.
Personally, in view of the overuse of mobile phones, I hold that we individuals should raise the necessary awareness that good relationship is reinforced by sincere and face-to-face communication.
I am Z, the chairman of the Student Union of Y High School.
As we all know, Chinese students have many problem in writing.
For example, they often make mistakes in spelling or forget grammar.
The lecture will be hold at 9:00 next Wednesday , the place is lecture hall, the substance is about problems in writing.
I am sure students will appreciate your opinion very much.
We should make plan in advance in our life, not only in the field of learning but also in other aspects.
Do things later than others in the first time, then we will behind them all the time.
As a result, we lose in the end.
For example, the chinese athletes' excellent performance in 2010 olympic winter games in Vancourcer is definitely the result of their early planning and hand training.
In one word, the saying shows us the importance of planning and hard work and constantly trying .
Otherwise, public facilities' numbers and sorts should be increased, the communication between neighbors will unknowingly become frequent when people using it.
We will hold at our school meeting hall .
Time is 8:00 to 10:00 p.m. next Friday.
That time, will be show all kinds of performance: English stories, songs, poems and short plays and so on.
Mr and Mrs Green and their children form Canda will enter our English evening.
He encourages me up when I am sad.
What ever he does, he never gives up.
The first period is the ancient English period from the fifth century to the 12th century.
Though it is an out-of-the-way place.
The climate is really wonderful in my hometown.
It is like a fairyland.
Almost everyone was poor.
Now more and more schools, hositals, shops, so and forth have been built.
I love my hometown not only for these, but also for the people.
They are oddly kind and diligence.
With the remarkables improvement of people's living standard, computers is more and more common.
They have greatly facilitated people's lives.
The main reasons why I am in favor of establishing free libraries are as follows.
Firstly, if government establish libraries, people will go to read books, instead of reading on computers.
That can protect their eyes sepecially children's.
Secondly, when people are reading on computers, they just glance over quickly.
They can't enjoy the happiness of reading and can't cultivate their taste.
Finally, nowadays people are busy in working and studying.
They ignore communication with others.
There is no place better than libraries for people to relax and communicate.
From the above analysis, we may arrive at the conclusion that the government should establish free libraries for people.
That can not only attract people to enjoy themselves.
Although now the quality of people's lives have improved, the happiness index of people in decline gradually.
Many people think they don't happy, the reason may come from many aspects.
May be because of work pressure, feel the salary is not high, but not feel so hard boss.
Others may feel not enough care about their own family, feel lonely.
There are some people, feel their lovers to oneself is not good enough, not enough love oneself, so, often quarrel happiness between them.
In reality, happoness is needing to practice.
Learn to find the good things in life experience moving dribs and drabs in life.
On practice, may also is this a few aspects, first of all, we should have a meet mentality, don't always pursue some unrealistic things, this will is to reduce their own happiness, let your life is very tired.
In addition, we strive to moved feel every bit of life, makes you happy.
So, happiness is needing to practise, only to have a good mind, to live more relaxed and happy.
We are happy to inform you that our foods of Sales Confirmation No.
