What's worse, they may lose their faith in the academic field as well as creative enthusiasm.
In the final analysis, such academic dishonesty is of great harm but no goodness.
Just as nothing can be accomplished without norms or standards, to avoid plagiarism, both prevention and correction are needed.
For prevention, all students should be taught lessons on the various forms of plagiarism.
For correction, severe punishment is called for when such dishonest behavior is discovered.
There are many kinds of after-class activities like instrument playing, playing football and reading corner in our school.
Besides, by going in for such activities, they can learn what they can't learn from books, which will be beneficial to them in the future.
What's more, it's really a good chance to help me make some new friends there.
As we all know, the university is a show each student talent to stage.
We can meet a lot of talented students in the university.
Meanwhile, the party of students also come up with that they are poor.
It probably makes they feel upset .
So am I.
Some students suppose that we should believe our-self talent.
In ordinary life, we should exercise our-self.
we are not afraid of failure.
Sometimes, Failure is the only way to success.
If we insist do it, we will make great progress .
Nowdays, more and more people chose to study on overseas.
Because they think that it's benefit for them.
It can make them learn more foreign culture.
However, someone don't think it is good.
Because it can expend your view , study more foreign knowledge.
In today's society, social network is becoming more and more popular.
believe it or not, the truth is that personal information is given out easily.
On the fourth of November, I left New York for Beijing.
Time: From 2:30p.
M to 4:30p.
Nowadays, a vast number of individuals live a relatively decent life compared with the past.
However, the growing stress of living makes young people have a little time to take care of their aging parents, so they have to send their parents to nursing homes.
The fact that old people are sent to nursing homes has aroused hot discussion in the society.
To start with, old people can be looked after well under their children's care.
There are lots of old people needing help in nursing homes, so it is impossible to take care of the same one at all time.
When aging parents need anything, their children can satisfy them in time while the nurses can't.
Next, old people can live a happy life if their children take care of them.
For instance, my friend's grandmother was sent to the nursing home by her children.
She always felt that their children not care about her.
Then, she died for sad mood.
Finally, taking care of old people by their children reduces the stress of the society, even it benefits the development of the society.
In a word, as children are taken care of by their parents, so aging parents are looked after by their children.
So I think reading is of great importances to students.
Firstly, I think it interesting and enjoyable to read a good book.
My name is G.
My room is tidy.
There are the bed, table, chair, sofa.
in my room.
My computer is on the table.
My books and notebooks are on the desk.
My pens are in the pencil box and my pencil box is on desk.
My schoolbag is under the sofa.
My tape is in my tape player and my tape player is on my bookcase.
My CDs are on the bookcase.
My dictionary is on the desk.
My keys are on the desk.
My clock is on the wall.
My air-conditioner is on the well.
My toys are on the bed.
My watch is on the desk.
My radio is on my table.
My clothes are in the wardrobe.
Global warming happen the earths heats up, this is obviously due to the rise in temperature.
An increase in world temperature caused by gases that stop heat from escaping into space.
For instance, key factors.
greenhouse.
Like carbon dioxide.
It is goes saying that :  A coin has two sides  .
Global warming have positive and negative affects.
On the one hand, Global warming may lead to plants quackily development.
On the other hand, it is harmful.
Firstly, Global warming may lead to temperature extreme wet and extreme dry.
Secondly, it can lead to shorter and warmer winters.
It is high time that we should take measures to solve global warming.
For example, Boosting energy efficiency and takes transportation.
Secondly, Rewing up renw ables and phasing out fossil fuel electricity.
Thirdiy, managing forests and agriculture.
More importantly, we should form the habit of saving energy in our daily life.
In the meantime, it is clear that are a lot of things that govern ments can do to prevent global warming.
Every day, I learn and communicate with my Chinese friends and we join in sport activities together.
In this journey, I have visited places of interest in Beijing and watched Peking Operas.
I have eaten Chinese traditional food which is so delicious that I cannot forget its taste forever.
I also knew about some Chinese history.
I enjoyed my first Spring Festival during the toor , too.
I like the life here very much.
As countries continue to deepen cultural exchanges, transnational marriage has become more common due to globalization.
Every coin has two sides.
They have different views on values, Lifestyle and religion.
In my opinion, I support transnational marriages.
I think marriage is the important to all people's life, people need to make a full psychological and material preparations.
I'm very happy to become a university student.
Some students think university students should pay enough attention to their academic performance.
They say the study is also very important.
However, some student have different idea.
They believe that communication ability is more important than academic performance.
They say knowledge is endless.
But, communication ability can help us solve most problem.
Communication ability also can help us make more friends.
In my opinion, communication ability is more important than academic performance.
But it doesn't mean that we university students can pay no attention to our study.
I think that university students have enough time.
On the one hand, some people thinks they have true love grow between pen pals or net friends who have never met each other.
Because love is a product of communication.
They can know about their pen pals or net friends by talk With each other.
They are not have some trouble.
And love feeds on mystery about each other.
I should have the ability to write the latest news, to analyse an event from a different angle, and to report responsibly for people.
The world is becoming better and better day by day, and the population is growing fast.
It causes many problems.
The first problem is about food and energy.
There isn't enough food or water in many countries with a large population, and the people there are poor and strave.
Second, the traffic is too much in some big cities.
The houses are few as well.
And many people don't have jobs because of the large population.
The last one is about the environment.
Our environment is becoming worse and worse.
The large population causes lots of serious problems.
when i came to my campus , Hope becomes disappointment, beacause in my mind.
i think my campus is very beautiful and large.
as far as i am concerned , we only saty here two years age luckly, but too much students will come here , they will live in our dormitory buildings.
they will have same problems with us.
we think, our campus can build again on our summer hoilday .
In my opinion, animals shouldn't be kept in zoos.
First, animals' homes are in the wild, they can live a free life, they can run, play and hunt whenever they want.
But in zoos, they have to be kept in a small area.
Second, many skills can be used in their wild lives.
They must use some skills to keep themselves alive.
They will lose their nature if they are in zoos because people just feed them and they need to do nothing.
Last but not least, it will affect the balance of the nature.
The environment will become worse if we catch lots of animals.
In order to make the world better, we should try our best to protect the animals.
We shouldn't eat the endangered animals, or it will die out.
We shouldn't pollute the environment, either.
My interest is playing basketball.
I want to have many friends in school.
I come from Dongguan city.
I am the only one boy form Dongguan city in my class.
I am fat not strong.
Every time I would shy and quiet.
But I want to have many friends in my future.
I can improve myself.
Though I am fat, I am not brave.
Just as men cannot be judged their look.
As the internet developing, there are more and more chatting ways in our life.
For example, qq and MSN.
They are new for us, and it is convenient for some people to make friends and to love.
There are many advantages on cyber love.
First, it is convenient for some people to make friends.
Second, we can communicate with more people, they can from far places.
third, they can be more authentic, because they have not met each other.
There are many disadvantages.
First, there are many tricksters, they may say something to take in you to meet them, then hurt you.
It is dangerous.
Second, there will be many difficulties between them.
I think true love can grow between net friends.
Frist, love is a product of communication.
Second, love feeds on mystery about each other.
In the electronic products' rapid development era, more and more college students are using telephone.
In the past we visited friends and relatives at regular times, but now, we seem to have no time, so we contact with each other by phones , and we all use phones .
Gradually, our minds change.
When we need help, we will find people who help us; but when other people need us, they cannot find us.
As time goes on, we lose much.
The most important, we should not become so selfish that other people cannot find us.
I am Li Hua.
I feel greatly honored to have a chance here to announce the beginning of the competition.
Firstly, the match is of great significant such as promoting the ability of listening , forming the the habit of reading.
Nowadays.
People have their unique ways to communicate with each other.
Network is one of the most popular measures.
Through mesh work.
People can meet different people that come from different field and different country even different nation.
As young blood.
We are easy to fall in love through communicating.
So cyber love become more and more prevalent.
Different people have different position.
I have a negative attitude towardS it.
Firstly, Network is visional.
We can not distinguish the authenticity of people's words.
secondly, partter is playing an important role in today society.
We could not make a decision in a moment but thinking twice.
Thirdly, cyber love always consist in different areas.
The U.
Reading is important to us.
First, reading will teach us how to be a justic man because we always follow what we read.
Secondly, reading can tell us how to write a good article.
Good sentences can be wirtten down in our eassys.
Thirdly, resding will make us to be a knowledgeable person.
They are like our parents to us.
Faced with the stress of examinations, some students feel dizzy, weak and sleepless.
Even some say they will lose their appetite before the examination is over.
Anxiety may be harmful to our health both physically and mentally, and here are some advice about how to deal with anxiety during your period of preparation.
First, keep your daily routines and be flexible with your schedule.
Second, taking a hot bath and drinking a bottle of hot milk every day can help you have a good sleep.
Then, make sure you have done review work well and filled the gaps in your study.
And thanks so concerned about our Party.
My favourite singer is the Soul singer, Her name is Yao Beina.
I admire her kindness and the spirit of fighting against death.
First month of school, I feel not fit, but you must speed integrate new studies styel.
The performances are exciting.
This winter holiday, I went to Beijing with my parents by train.
It's interesting to enjoy the scenery through the windows on the train.
When we arrived at the southern train station, it was 9:00 am.
We took the underground to Nanluo Guxiang.
Luckily, the subway of Beijing wasn't very crowded on that day.
Soon, we reached there.
Nanluo Guxiang is about 800 metres in length.
candy.
In the afternoon, we still went to Yuanming Yuan by underground.
After twenty minutes, we got to the gate of Yuanming Yuan.
We bought three tickts, and entered the big garden  .
There are three parts in it: Changchun Yuan, Wanchun Yuan and Qichun Yuan.
In fact, Qinghua Yuan is also part of Yuanming Yuan.
We went for a walk in it and we've felt traditional culture of Beijing.
In the evening, we went back to Tianjin by train.
Lixia likes traveling.
Last year, she went to London.
She went to there by plane.
The weather in London was wet.
She did something interesting, she visited lots of museums, and she took quite a few beautiful photos.
But she said the food in there was not delicious, she didn't like it at all.
Also, this year she traveled Beijing.
She took the train to Beijing, and it was cold.
She went to the Long Great Wall , Old place and Tian'an men square.
For lunch, she ate lots of delicious food.
Happy, sad , worried , excited.
  I'm Peng Mengni.
I think this can't be separable with our organizational right strategies.
  Yeah, maybe someone on the street like this to say hello to you.
You don't surprised.
Nowadays, Social Network Sites are very popular at home and abroad.
I have to admit that Internet bring us great influence.
Because of it, everyone has own views.
On hand, some people think Social Network Sites are benefit people communicate together.
Because people can find someone who have the same hobby and common language.
And they can talk to each other heart.
As for me, away from microblog is a difficult thing, I am microblog mania.
Along with the progress and innovation of science and technology, our life also are enjoying the convenience of technology.
First of all, on the one hand, the mobile phone is a very convenient product, we can use it in a very convenient and good friends and family communication and chat.
Secondly, on the other hand, the mobile phone also has a lot of bad places.
As everyone knows, in some meetings and activities now, everyone is took out his mobile phone to play their own, do not people to communicate.
There is a saying that said drag: The furthest distance in the world is me beside you, while you play a mobile phone.
So, mobile phone in the hand also obstructs the communication.
There is an increasing interest in dormitory life.
So I ask my classmates about it.
is useful.
Firstly they think it is useful for their future life.
for them.
On the other hand people do not have freedom.
My holiday was over.
Saying farewell to my Junior High school.
The High school is not stranger to me.
That's because it is part of my former school.
But when I saw it.
I found it is more beautiful than before.
Maybe it was only my thought.
I came into my classroom.
To my surprised , I saw a woman standing in front of the lectern and smiling to everybody.
I thought she was a very kind woman.
Without doubt I met many new friends, they are both friendly and enthusiastic.
My first best friend is a girl who is very cheerful.
The school sets a lot of interesting activity for us to choose.
My favourite activity is playing the guitar.
Put the mobile phone into the library, it has good place and bad place.
Bad place is that too rely on mobile phone will lose the meaning of reading and mobile phone's voice affect the surrounding people to read.
It can also realize the pleasure of reading is not disturb others.
Some of us think that it is better to see the film than to read the original work.
Someone likes reading the original work.
Success seldom arrives unannounced on your doorstep and break in , demanding that you accept it.
Entering the university not only means that we have gone through the teenage, but we are supposed to shoulder more responsibility as well.
Opportunities to get a well-paid job or a better platform to improve oneself are available to us , not to mention the conveniences and various social activities we can take advantage of.
In the university, i can have more free time to arrange my schedule.
First of all, we should spare no effort to equip us with knowledge, read more books, which is beneficial to broadening our horizon.
By joining the community service , we can share the same destination with team members.
After all, team spirit is of great significance.
I need an English editor.
The most important thing for them is to keep a good balance between part-time jobs and his study.
The more we think a person strong, the more we give him expectations and requirements.
For example, I like Liang Jingru because her songs make me comfortable.
She takes part in many competitions and always do a great job.
She won the gold metal in 2008 and became the most popular singer  .
She is outstanding, but no one knows how painstaking she is, she always practises her songs again and again, and plays them in all of the world.
We require water everyday.
But nowadays water shortage is becoming an urgent problem.
There must be lots of problems during our life.
During my life, I find I waste lots of water.
For example, I always wash my hands with lots of water; I always forget to close the tap when I wash my clothes.
As far as I am concerned lots of people have the same problem with me, so lots of water has been wasted.
First , we can save water by increasing the price of water, then people will use the water less.
Second, we can use the tap which can save water.
Teachers will do their best if you turn to them for help.
The same question always arise to many person.
Of course, many people would say yes two years ago.
The society has become more and more complex while people's hearts are full with ambitions and wealth.
The news has said that there was someone helped a senior who fell, but he was charged by the senior who said it was the man pushing him down.
The matter which reffered above was not happen by chance.
There are many things like that around us.
Helping each other is one of the most important morilities in China.
If all the people become cool and selfless, the society must be fritening.
So we should try our best to help the other.
However, wo must also learn to protect ourselves.
To build up a happy society, it needs our help.
Love is a vine that grows into our hearts.
We carefully as it watering and fertilizing .
It makes me experience the sour, sweet, bitter, hot.
Even so, we still let it spread in the heart .
I once loved a man may now also.
We know each other very young so as not to know how to obey and cherish each other .
and we all love painting .
His talent attracted me deeply.
we talked our dreams and reckoned with some Problems in painting .
But at the time the biggest problem we're facing is the age and distance .
filled with helplessness and tears .
Afterthat, my friend came to comforted me.
Love is a lamp, while friendship is the shadow.
mabe we all live in the past.
We take a minute to know someone, one hour to like someone, and one day to love someone, but the whole life to forget someone.
And yet for all that.never mind .
The Chinese are very generous in terms of education child, they can give the child love exhausted.
I have met a university student, the parents each week to come over to help the child wash his clothes and cleaning.
I can not help but sign, can never do so little things.
I think Chinese parents to the child the generosity of the education is not an option, there is certain blindness.
My name is Y.
So there is no doubt that I'm a lively gril.
Of course, I'd like to make friends and communicate with each other in the future.
I firmly believe that everyone wants to succeed in a job interview.
Of course, every question has its answer.
Firstly, generally speaking, it's very good to leave interviewer a profound impression.
Secondly, we'd better to arrive in the place on time or in advance.
Thirdly, As for the question they ask, it's enough to answer them one by one clearly and concisely.
Last but not least, As a proverb saying that  Courtesy costs nothing  .
But please don't misunderstand its real meaning.
Don't bribe interviewer with material things.
However, please knock at the door before you enter the room and greeting when you come into the room.
Besides, its great manners not to go mad or crazy when they reject you for this post.
On balance, an interview for a job is not only a test for your job, but is more a test for your abilities and your personalities.
So if your want to succeed in a job interview, you can try out my views.
Now people in growing numbers begin to realize the convenience of online shopping.
Good morning.
My name is M.
Now I will briefly introduce myself, I am twenty years old, born in X Province.
I graduated from S University.
My major is English education.
In my spare time I like drawing, singing and dancing.nevertheless, English is my favorite hobby.
I often go to English corner to practise my oral English on every weekend.
It can improve my English ability.
I spent most of my time to learn, I have been through CET4 / 6.
Of course, I want to get a job as an English teacher for today's interview.
I have enough confidence to do this job.
I am a very patient and motivated person.
I need a chance to prove myself.
I will do my best to do an excellent English teacher.
I hope that you can give me this precious opportunity.
hoeever, a lot of students don't have heathy.
Many students have a common problem.
We just need to click the mouse and use the credit card then it's accomplished.
For instance, go shopping outside with your friends is enjoyable.
It's a good method to make more friends.
If we shopping online, we may miss the enjoyment.
After graduate from senior high school many students becoming more and more lazy.
They stay out play computer games in evening for the most part and get up very late.
Sometimes, in order to sleep more they do not go to classroom study.
I think such life style is harm to health.
Eating disorder can cause many disease.
Student should regard study as their first task.
If the final exam you can not pass.
In my opinion, I think the first , college student should gut up ragular and have breakfast every day.
second we are spposed to go to have every class and regard study as the first things we should do.
The last but not least.
We should make a plan and save money.
My name is X.
I made a plan which is to go to the nursing house with my classmates to enjoy the Double Ninth Festival.
As I know that you like the Chinese festival very much so I want to invite you to go with us.
We will have many interesting things to do there such as make dumplings and have some performances.
I think you must be liked it.
Make dumplings is exciting and we can do it together.
I want to study English.
because English is very popular and useful.
Now more and more people start to learn Englih and it is a international language.
As a student, I need to learn and use it.
If I study it well, I will read some English articles and see some films.
Most important, I can use it to talk with foreign people.
Nowedays, many students do not pay attention to the English spelling .
I think it is because of the following tow reasons.
Firstly, many students think that take a good test scores , therefore they do not acquire knowledge from the examination.
As a freshman, l feel obviously the college life is different from the high school life.
Now we have more free time, we should spend our time on many meaningful things.
We can't waste time and we should make many things enrich ourselves.
In my opinion, we should continue to study hard in the college, because it relates our future development.
University is a place where offering many opportunities, student union is a good platform that gives us the chance to show ourselves.
Recently, the topic of studying abroad become so popular.
In my view, everything has two sides.
The advantage is that we can learn some different cultures and histories to make our life colorful, and we can also learn how to settle troubles alone in any times.
The disadvantage is that we will be confused sometimes when we choose something different about the culture and economy of two countries.
Because we are influenced by studying abroad and we will compare our national country with others.
My name is X. I am 20 years old.
I am a college student english department.
I am very happy.
If a foreign friend is coming to visit my hometown, I would take him to visit a beautiful mountain, called the Yellow Mountain.
First of all, the Yellow Mountain is one of the most famous mountain in China.
It lies in the south of Anhui.
Every year, thousands of chinese and foreigners pay a visit there.
It's not far from here.
In addition, while you are climbing the mountain, you can enjoy the sea of clouds, wondrous pines, and unique rocks around you.
In the early morning, when the sun rises, the sky looks very beautiful.
It's really a nice place to visit.
Based on the reasons above.
I'm sure he will enjoy the beautiful sights in the Yellow Mountain.
What's more, to my surprise, there are nearly 20 students on my class which is completely a big d iscrepancy to the ad.
Philippines is generally open when it comes to cloth and it's popular with young people.
Boracay Island can open you a comfortable experience.
So, the population of living in cities are also rising.
Even some cities' population have beyond what it can contain.
To make it more clearly, we can present some examples of problems caused by overcrowding.
will.
Because no formal site is easy to abuse our information , Often there are some virus to cause trouble for us .
In the degree of security antivirus software can wait to protect our information security.
Only in this way, we just enjoy the convenience brought by the network.
Hope we can do it, the more the better.
Everyone has a different feel for college life.
Some very satisfied to enjoy the freedom of college life.
However, others feel that college life is boring because they do not what to do in their free time.
In fact, everything has two sides, college life is no exception, the key is how to make full use of our college time, and turn it out to be rich and wonderful.
To be frank, when i first entered the campus of our college two years ago, I think our school is very beautiful and big, and people here are friendly and warm-hearted, I know my choice is not wrong.
I'm glad to be able to study and live together with my classmates nearly two years.
During the two years.
I find college life is differed from senior school life, especially we have no lessons on weekend in college life.
So I often do some part-time job to earn some money for my living expends in my spare time.
I can do anything which i am interested in.
I also have much more time to take all kinds of activitities, and we don't have to get up early in themorning.
What is more, My dormitory life is hamonious.
I think it is the most important in our college life.
There are also many foreign teacher in our school.
That is the advantages of college.
However, there are many students in our school, but there is only one dining room in our school, so we often need to wait in a long line, which waste much time.
In a short, my college life is rich and colorful, because I can make full use of my time in college, not only I can learn professional knowledge in the class but also make more friends and accumulate more working experience , so that we can find a good job after we graducated.
Nowadays, there are many problems on campus, the most serious I think is absent for class.
Most of the students may find many reasons for not going to class such as they're sick or other teachers ask them to do something else.
As a college student, even if we have more time to do after-school exercises, we still have to complete our task of study.
For one thing, the government should perfect the relevant law systems to crack down on those copycats .
According to the result of the survey, there are about twelve students spend less than 100 yuan in birthday.55 percent students ask their parents for 100 to 200 yuan for their birthday.200 to 300 yuan is cost by one fifth students.
In my opinion, I think it's normal that students spend no more than 200 yuan for their birthday.
I find out following reasons for why a few students need so much money for birthday.
First of all, they are likely to blindly compete with others.
They want to show off they are richer than their classmates and they think they are cool.
As for their parents, it's possible that they spoil their children.
I'd like to give some advice.
Students should get along well with classmates and stop blindly competing with them.
Parents had better not spoil their children any longer and love them properly.
I can do many things I can not do, for example : watching TV play the computer.
On the first day, I was so happy, so I got up so late, when I get up, I was map computer from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. then, I cooked for myself.
at 3p.m.
I wish you have a good time when our spring festival comes.
First, it in February the Chinese lunar calendar in january first.
It continues about half a month.
Every year has a special name, such as tiger year pig year and so on.
Second, the most important thing is that we must clean the rooms before tit comes.
AND we will visit our friends and families.
The growth of US export and the sustained appreciation of the US dollar lead to the rising trade deficits.
One of the most serious problem in front of the world is the global warming.
There are some reasons leading to the problem.
First, people cut down tress and forests freely.
Then, people burn things everywhere, even it is not allowed.
And people waste things out of control.
So, we should try our best to save things as much as we can.
We should encourage others to do so.
For example we could use more bikes or buses rather than cars.
And use less disposable chopsticks and so on.
If we do it, the stage will be better.
If we do not take any action, as the world will become warmer and warmer, the water level will rise.
When i know the teaching online at first time, I had questions about the validity of this instructional medium.
Teaching online also required rethinking how i deliver the subject matter.
My daughter gave me a learning experience.
She never spoke in class.
When the online class bagan, it's better than i had expected.
The students followed directions well.
It seemed to work best with students who were very comfortable with the computer and willing to become part of a community built around the subject matter.
Nowadays, a splendid house is no longer the only sign of one's wealth, instead, owning a private car has become another symbol of property and social status.
But simultaneously, many problems have been produced with the popularity of private cars.
A hot issue today is whether private cars should be encouraged in China.
There is no doubt that private cars have brought tremendous benefits to our daily life.
But I think it's impractical to encourage them in China and my reasons are as follows.
To start with, to the government, the countless traffic jams, which are mainly caused by the boom of private cars, have largely increased their economic cost of regulating traffic.
Furthermore, to every single Chinese people, the poisonous gas released by cars has done a lot of harm to our health.
In a nutshell, although possessing a private car is most Chinese people's dream, it's not proper to promote private cars so soon.
My school is at F.
I like My class room best.
Because it's because.
It's not great, but is very clean.
there is blacboard behind the wall of the classroom, it is used to make the blackboard At Christmas time, the balloon will hung our classroom lamp, will have to buy the paper-cut and origamiglass.
My classmates also like where.
  read what you can understand without having to look up words in a dictionary (but not what you can understand at a glance); read what interests you; read what you have time for (magazines and newspapers rather than novels unless you can read the whole novel in a week or so); read the English written today, not 200 years ago; read as much as you can and try to remember the way it was written rather than individual words that puzzled you.
With the development of social economy and the growing needs of people, the goods on the market is also increasing.
Meanwhile, the market competitiveness among the manufacturers is becoming bigger and bigger.
The reasons are as follows.
First of all, as we know, a beautiful package of the goods can catch the customers' eyes, especially girls.
Secondly, it could sell a high price because people think that it has a high quality.
In my opinion, excessive packaging wastes lots of resources.
So I think the manufacturers should reduce the packaging material.
Nowadays, we always advocate environmental protection.
So we should do something for it.
In addiction, it can save the cost.
What's more, the manufacturers can recover the valuable products wastes such as the bottle, the box and so on.
When you walk on the street, something, namely continuous strident trumpet from cars, fierce clamor of factory machinery and sharp humming of a drill, may keep screaming in your ears.
I believe that they also desire freedom like us, love the time playing with their friends, wants to live with their family happily but not live in small cages, full of training everyday.
. Nowadays more and more people become taking care of animals, we should also care about animals in hundreds and thousands of circuses, some of them may be old, some of them may be sick.
One day, Madam C.
LiXia Loves travel around the world.
Last year, she went to London.
She went to there by plane.
When she arrived there, she felt very excited.
The weather there was very wet and it often rain so she has to bring an umbrella when she went out.
In London, LiXia visited many museums and learn a lot about history.
Everything in London was wonderful but the food there was not delicious.
This year, she went to Beijing by train.
Beijing is the capital of China and it's in the north of China so the weather there was very cold.
Beijing is a city with a long history.
She went to the Great Wall, the Palace Museum and the Tian'anmen square.
The food there was delicious.
As time advance, food safety becomes a serious problem in our daily life.
Because of more and more people care about how to keep a healthy body.
There is an old saying that, the body is the revolution capital.
Government should carry out a series of policies to guarantee people's food safety.
People should improve sense of personal hygiene, such as before having meals.
Last time you told me that you felt bored, you want to read something but you were confused that you had no idea on reading what kind of books.
Nowadays, people don't like to study anymore.
Different people have different answers.
This kind of books let us know and experience life indirectly, improve our appreciation of the beauty and raise our spirit.
Literature and arts have some potential effects on people.
Through these books, we can know how a society runs, and how to get along with others.
This kind of books help us to know ourselves better, to be optimistic when face the frustration, and to keep independent.
This kind of books are very useful.
I think the most happy thing in the world is reading.
In the picture , the mother gives a book to her boy.
We may know that the mother wants her boy to read book and make him know the importance of reading literature.
As we all know, books are the ladder of human progress.
Reading literature will make us know more and let us think more.
More importantly, reading more can help us solve problem.
That is to say, we can learn much knowledge from literature.
What's more, reading books can change our thoughts.
When we are face with some problems, we may don't know how to do them.
But if you read too many books, you will know how to do them.
However, reading literature can enrich our lives.
Since that, I fell in love with it and I watched it for no less than five times.
The figures in there were so amazing and lovely.
Hello, I am your tour guide.
Thank you very much to take part in our summer camp.
However, there are the following, hope to pay attention to: first of all, living in local families be polite, don't talk loudly.
Because it will seem very impolite.
In recent years, problems related to food safety have been making consumers panic.
Illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives and pesticide pollution, and so on.
It is already common occurrence and most people suffer from physical and property damage.
I am of the view that there are many ways to improve food safety awareness.
I will talk about how I was doing.
Don't eat food on a roadside stall.
We must eat food after heating.
Do not drink tap water.
Heating is the most method in the instruments.
Just as the saying goes Actions speak louder than words.
In the wake of the development of science techology, more and more families have computers, which brings in a lot of conviences for us.
In my opinion, firstly, we rely too much on computers which might makes us more lazy than before.
For example, we might be unwilling to write some articles by ourselves but to cope some ready-made ones by computers.
Secondly, it might takes up most of time we spared.
So we have less time to go out and relax ourselves.
And it is bad for our eyes.
Last but not least, it makes us have less communicate with relatives and friends.
Because I can talk with the foreingers .
And I can also make more friengs on the Interner by English .
While my English is not well.
but, I would try my best to learn it.
Now I have reached out to English for 7 years .
Nowadays, reading becomes a global hobby.
As far as I concerned, reading is an art.
Just like Hans Hofmann said, ''Art and science create a balance to material life and enlarge the world of living experience.
Art leads to a more profound concept of life, because art itself is a profound concept expression of feeling.
Indeed, reading is a marvellous way to broaden our horizon.
But every coin has two sides.
Whereas, some others think that the most important way to obtain knowledge is to practice.
It's not wrong, for we all have the social skills to explore the world.
The more we read and practice, the more we get from life.
Therefore, no matter which way you use, the most suitable one for you is important.
Mr.
Miss Susan Hobson has been worked in my office as a secretary for the pass two years.
During her job, she was not only work very hard, but also devoted to her duty.
She has a warm heart and She is an honest woman.
She is good at English and German and she can speak them fluently.
Her kind will let every one love her .
As the development of the sociaty , many people pay more attention to the all kinds of activities adout the art so as to ensure we can be more perfect by putting ourselves into them.
First, i think the various activities should be held to all the teachers and students in the campus.
Second, since most of us are the teenergers, we are so curious about the world that we are in the urgent need for some one to guide us .
therefore, some lectures are the best choice for us .
various activities is not must but aslo meaningful.
There are many people who have with us through the stages of life in our life.
So I love everyone around me, but the family play a role in the whole life of someboady.
Firstly, I love my mother.
She is kind-hearted and forgiving.
She would always give advice and comfort of patience.
Secondly, I love my father, too.
So I love dad.
Thirdly, my brother is very learned.
He is my set a good example for me.
Every time, I am in the trouble, he always help me overcome difficulties.
At last, I think everyone has someone you love most.
My name is X.
My phone number is 100000000.
My qq number is 30000003.
My friend is Mary Green.
Her phone number is 420-347-889.
Her qq number is 300002.
I come from China.
Mary Green is from USA.
I like orange.
strawberry.
Peach and grape.
Mary Green like's strawberry.
This is my first time away from home for more than three months, To tell the truth really is extremely homesick.
After three hours of travel, I finally returned home.
There is an old saying  Action speak louder than words  When i was a child, my father told me to bear this in mind.
I considered it's no use bearing this in mind.
In my youth, an experience was to change my whole outlook on life.
I was told to be a volunteer to help children in an orphanage.
It's conspicuous to me that i am enabled to do that.
For my teachers' high expectation on me, I determined to put great value on learning how to take care of children and make them feel my love.
Heading Internet to search for the knowledge about taking care of children, I spent all my spare time.
College life actually has affected me a lot.
I felt dizzy and didn't know which rod I was at the end of.
It was a strong feeling of everything was as it always had been, that the years were a mirage and there had been no years.
In those other summer times, all motors were inboard; and when they were at a little distance, the noise they made was a sedative, an ingredient of summer sleep.
Sleep would come easily and in the morning the red squirrel would be on the roof, tapping out his gay routine.
Then the kettle drum, then the snare, then the bass drum and cymbals, then crackling light against the dark, and the gods grinning and licking their chops in the hills.
As he buckled the swollen belt suddenly my groin felt the chill of death.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
We found that forty percent students always stay at home to study.
It's a good way to learn well.
Watching TV and listen to music are popular.
Twenty percent of us often talk on QQ or play the computer games.
Most students use it just for fun and not for homework.
For housework there are only ten percent of us help with parents.
And joining the sports activities are few too only five percent.
Nowadays, job hopper is a hot topic.
In our times, the phenomena that some young people change their jobs very frequently.
about the phenomena.
Someone one tell me that working conditions can affect their job satisfaction.
job.
Others tell me that they have a sharp relationship with their workmates, they can not get along well with their peers.
Many people think that money is everything.
their own job.
By contrary, if their salary is low, they will give up their jobs and find a new job.
The solution to solve the problem is that our attitude.
satisfaction.
We all know that attitude is everything.
If you find a job, you should stay in the post where you are and be happy.
and insist on doing it.
Never give up, that is our spirit.
Do not be a job hopper.
Do not let obstructions become your evasions.
At first, everyone should learn about the important of the the safety in the school.
Then, we ought to take good care of our health in doing sports.
Finally, as a student we have problems with other students, we should keep calm and think that everyone can lose matches and has bad days.
If you can think it, you will understand each other.
As we all know, internet is widely used in our daily life.
On the country, there are many disadvantages of it.
First, mang people absurt into compurter games result in work loss; second, a lot of guilt use the internet to spread false imformation and many people cheatted.
In my point of view, internet have advantages and dis advantages, why not we make full use of it is good and stay far away from it is bad.
With developing of the computer , more and more people are used to chatting on the inetrnet and paying all kind of games .
Or using inetrnet looked througt different books.
It is important for us that we learn something .
we can learn news both at home and abroad and all kind of information.
we can also send messages by e-mail, make phone call.
On the net , we can enjoy music, watch sports matches and all kind of movie stars.
And we can even go shoping , have a chat with others by QQ and RenRen.
The computer can be affected by viruses.
In my viwe , we shuold use inetrnet on the right place.
Cowherd and Weaver's story we should have heard it.
This is a traditional Chinese myth.
I think this is a sad but also very beautiful fairy story.
I think Cowherd and Weaver is happy.
Because they finally be able to gather together, although only once a year opportunity.
They come once a year reunion is not easy, it is the result of joint efforts of many magpies, they use their bodies barricaded a bridge of magpies, so that the tow ends of the galaxy they can meet.
TO celebrate their reunion, the world will have a holiday Valentine's Day  .
Cowherd together in heaven, earth lovers together.
On this day lovers will celebrate together this wonderful evening.
The most primitive way of exchange should be the barter trade.
But it is inefficiency.
In the early days, almost anything could qualify as money: beads, shells and even fishing hooks.
Banks later issued notes in exchange for gold deposited with cash.
Finally, governments of today adopted the idea and began to print paper money, backed by gold for the country's use.
We can at home to buy goods from all over the world .
In addition, these goods are very cheap so that most of the people can burden it.
However, it also has many disadvantages.
For example, we cannot contact goods directly.
In my opinion, we shuold take the Online Shopping seriously.
exam , person can get civil service job, become civil servant.
Person take civil service exam is to get a security job.
time to do the thing that oneself like.
Everyone has their own dreams I am the same as them.
I have a beautiful and great dream.
When I was 5.
I took a trip with my parents.
On the way, I looked outside.
To my surprise that there was something white covered all the sky.
  My mom smiled and replied:  It's factory smoke.
It can make too much pollution and even bad for us.
Suddenly, I cried sadly.
China's environment is very bad you know.
I suppose the most crucial that we should play a role saving our nuture'senvironment.
I am strong and tall.
We have a lot in common, but there are some different.
we both like playing basktball, because play baskerball is very interesting.
We sometimes play basketball in my free time whit my cousins.
And I like cleaning my room.
Some people think do chore is so boring, but I think do chores can help us become independent, so I like cleanging my room.
But in my free time, I like reading books best.
Reading can help us study, it is important for me to learn English.
I always read with my mother in my free time.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are both tall, but Wang Lingling has long straight hair, and Liu Lili's hair is shorter than Wang Lingling.
And Their's hobies are different too.
Wang Lingling likes reading, but Liu Lili likes sports, they are both popular and outgoing.
But Wang Lingling is serious, Liu Lili is funny.
In school, because Liu Lili is smarter than Wang Lingling, so, Wang Lingling is work harder than Liu Lili.
They are both have good gread.
They said:  we are best friend forever.
It is more than one year since I came to TYUT.
To be honest, I was totally in a daze when I knew the serious situation as a graduate major in English.
Until now, gradually I lose my interest in English and get frustrated.
I know it's a wrong attitude.
Exactly, we should have a balance between study and entertainment.
To be an excellent student, basically, I think when it's time for class, we can't be absent for class and listen carefully.
And in my spare time, I will go to the study room to do my homework and what's more, I will read all kinds of books to widen my vision.
At times I will study other subjects such as laws, politics and so forth.
To have an unforgettable life in college, I insist I must play properly.
To build a strong body, I will spare efforts to try different kinds of sports.
When free, I will play basketball and I can swim in the sports gym.
In addition, I will also play computer games to relax.
The last but not least, as you know, friendship is one of the most important feelings in our lifetime.
So I will make a good relationship with my friends.
To sum up, college is such a place that you can build up your personality and study more knowledge and make many friends.
A better future is based on endeavor and sweats.
Secondly, TianJin is really different from Amercia whatever weather or culture.
Although TianJin close to the sea, it'salso very hot in summer, and freezing in winter.
For culture, TianJin's traditional atmospher is more strong than China town in Amercia.
Thirdly, there are some information about our class following.
There.
are.50 students in our class which contain different kinds of boys and girls who are active or shy.
To me, I think the vital book is Jane Eyre which impressed on me extremely.
In this book, I realized so active a girl like her for the first time, to begin with, she believes that she meets a precious love, but in the end, the playboy says part to her, when Jane Eyre hearts this news, she doesn't persist pursuing this love.
I am sorry to tell you that I will leave at once.
My mother gave me a phone number three minutes ago, and told me that my grandmother was ill seriously.
She is missing me and eager to see me as soon as possible.
I intended to tell you face to face , but you are giving a speech now.
Please take good care of yourself when I am away .
Wish you could get good grades .
A questionnaire on ways of obtaining information indicates that almost 72 percent people get information from the television, and that only 12 percent know the world affairs through the newspaper.
There are varieties of reasons accounting for my opinion.
On the one hand, the reportage expresses more deeply than news on TV, because the latter emphasizes the objectivity of those events, other than, there are many subjective views and evaluations in the former.
On the other hand, you can read newspapers whenever you please, such as read while eating breakfast, what's more, you can even scan it when you wait for the bus.
Altogether, the newspaper is a ideal way for us to gain information.
Nowadays, many people talk about the wealth and health , different people have different opinions about it .
Some people suppose that the wealth is more important than health , they said if we don't have money , we can't make our body healthy.
The others think the health plays a important roal in our life .
I agree with this opinion .
Because if we have a strong body , we can do everything, we can earn much money, the healthy is the first condition for our wealth .
It would be very fun , so , I invite you to go nuring house with me .
we will leave at 7:00 am , when we arrive there , we will have a party to make old people have fun , including take some shows .
More and more people want to be government employees with the purpose of having a stable job.
It's important for people to be a government employee that he should keep optimistic in work.
Faced with different people and proving service for them.
Employees who must have enough patience.
As for a government employee should do things benefit for people.
Only change your identity to others did find a suitable way solve problems for people.
It's necessary for government employees to be warm-hearted and responsibility attitudes.
Only people to do this side, then, it makes sense of government to set a civil service exams.
The civil exams which is provided through government.
That can solve problems as a way.
If you think you are good enough to be a government employee.
Recently, with development of technology, more and more business excessive packaging, but it is unreasonable.
In addition, more good than harm, the first of all, excessive packaging waste resources and pollution of the environment, it's the must effective method of rubbish.
Second, for companies, in reality, doing so can increases costs.
Pictures have their advantages .
So we still need words to illustrate.
We imagine the scene according to pictures but can not feel what the writer feels.
We have only one Earth, so please protect it.
But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
People catch some fishes and put rubbish into the lake and sea to pollute the water and water is important to all of us.
The fish is fewer and fewer in the water.
People put rubbish into the ground to pollute the land and catch some animals.
The animals are fewer and fewer.
People cut down more and more trees every day.
It is to destroy the forest and the animals can't go their home.
We have only one Earth.
We should protect the Earth.
The Earth provides food, air and water for us.
Earth is a beautiful place.
With the intention of getting along well with people surrounded, not only do you need the ability to express, but also the skill of listening.
Generally speaking, listening can clear the atmosphere between each other, which can contribute to the relationships.
Two years ago, Peter and I took part in a robot manufacture.
I tried my best to prepare for the game, but Peter was not playing hard enough.
I was so annoyed and accused him of being so lazy.
Besides, I made some bad comments about him, and lately he got annoyed too and it soon became a fierce argument, which led to an one-hour-silence of two of us.
Afterwards, I thought I was wrong and felt guilty, so I made an apology to him.
He listened to me quietly with a smile without saying a word and lately he expressed his feelings and expectations to me.
Through the conversation, he cleared the air, knowing that I just wanted him to be focused.
We agreed on the main point of the issue.
Meanwhile we had restored our relations between each other, which encouraged us to devot ourselves into the work together and eventually it turned out that we did well in the game.
In summary, listening quietly can benefit us and improve the relationship between each other.
Only in this way can we know each other and be honest, which contribute to success and achievements.
As the proverb says, the good way is the half of success.
Learning English is difficult.
But if you get hold of a good way to study English, learning English will be easy.
I practiced all the time.
I carried a little dictionary with me everywhere I went, as well as a notebook in which I listed any new words I heard.
I made many, something embarrassing, mistakes.
Once in a while I carried out of frustration, and something I felt like giving up.
But I did not feel intimidated by students who spoke faster than I did because I took all the time I needed to thing out my ideas and wrote a reply before posting it on the screen.my teacher know my situation.
She told me a way.
I followed her way.
Every morning, I get up early and read English book.
In the evening, I revise something that I have studied that day and finish assignments on time.
In peacetime, I can see some articles about English in order to improve my feel for language.
Finally, my English have a great improvement.
I also can communicate with my foreign teacher and make friend with my foreign teacher.
Wang Lingling' best friend is Liu Lili.
they are both tall, but Wang Lingling has long straight hair, Liu Lili has short straight hair.
and there hobbies are different, wang Lingling likes reading, but Liu Lili likes sports.
both Wang Lingling and Liu Lili are outgoing, Wang Lingling is more serious than her friends, Liu Lili is funnier than Wang Lingling, she usually tell some interesting stories for her classmates.
and Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili in school, Liu Lili is smarter than Wang Lingling.
Different people have different ways of life .
Some people prefer to get up early in the morinig and start the day's work .
Others prefer to get up late in the morning and work until late at night.
These people who get up early can make full use of the morning time to take exercise, it's beneficial to their body and mind.
As long as they continue doing so, they will be very healthy.
As we all know that the morning time is the best period for memorizing.
So with the same time we can remember more new words.
What's more, getting up early can contribute to building a harmonious family.
In a family, if you always get up early, your husband or your wife will think you are responsible , diligent and thoughtful.
On the whole, I prefer to getting up early in the morning and start the day's work.
AS the time went by .
More and more students into the university, so there are many problems in collage students.
For example, many students are addicted to online games , sleep lately and cost much money .
Many collage students have unhealthy habits which cause collage students worst and worst.
If collage students are addicted to games , they can lose their learning ability .collage students are country's flowers and hopeless .
If collage students can't lose their unhealthy habits , our country will become worse very much .
Before winter comes, most plants will die, but not the true die, they will get new live last spring.
Some animous will fall in asleep, such as beer, frog, snake and so on.
They will staying sleeped for a whole winter.
How clever they are.
In his life, his true portraiture is the sentence which he says:  honesty and diligence should be your eternal mates.
In china, many Chinese brands can not owe their own core technology, so they are controlled by foreign erterprises.
At first, You can consult your friends, relatives and neighbors.
Because they can offer many useful information to you, this way have proved very effective.
The second way, you can read the classified newspapers which have register about job opening.
Last but not least, you can make use of the recruitment agency and log on to the internet.
Now many people like to buy things online.
They think it is more convenient than buying them at the shops , and it is cheaper, too.
But there are also a lot of downsides, for example, we sometimes buy something that can not be used for a long time.
Every coin has two sides.
So I think if we shop online in a right way, it can help us a lot.
For example, we can check the imformation of what we will buy carefully.
If we buy something that is broken, we should ask the seller to give us another one.
However, my father was so busy that he forgot to set the alarm clock.
way, I realy was late for school.
After arriving there, I was only to find that it didn't turn to our class.
Luckily and unluckily, I did know what I had did was wrong.
the successful people have a strong will power of heart.
Now, more and more college students is confusing in college life.
though mang college students want to study hard.
in order to to future graduation of time can find a better job.
but, most of them give up their goal.
beacuse they are lack of strong will.
With a strong will.
we will be able to deal with any situation in our life.
whatever we do , as long as stick to and do not give up easily.
For another, they can also get financial reward and working experience as well.
Furthermore, students can make some money, which helps to unload their families' financial burden.
And the priest began to announce the pledges.
It will be a happy time .
The priest announces they become couple .
Of overworking your muscles to the point where metabolic waste products.
Recently, medical technology becomes the most popular.
Last week, my parents went to mountain Yunmen with me.
It is famous for the Character  shou  .
We also took lots of photos.
In recent years, it has become a heated topic whether the government should establish free libraries in each town or not.
The reason why the government should take this measure lies in several aspects.
On the one hand, as is known to all, It is no denying that there exists some corruptions inside of the government department.
So why don't the government put money on establishing free libraries for us.
Although the government may spend much money in establishing it, we can get many benefits from reading books.
On the other hand, in modern society, more and more people get hooked on Internet reading.
However paper articles are replaced by Internet reading.
Providing that the government establish free libraries in each town, people will go to the libraries for learning and reading.
From these two points of mine, I draw a conclusion that the government should establilsh free libraries in each town.
Only in this way can we read more books rather than rely on Internet.
As we all know, books provide the readers with so much information and facts.
Reading books is beneficial to our character development, especially reading classics.
There is no doubt that reading is a process of accumulation, which may not guarantee them short-term return but will bring themfar-reach reward.
Reading classics can broaden our horizons in many aspects and we can enjoy an enriching experience from it.
What's more, reading classics is helpful for us to lay a solid foundation for our future development.
Classics are kinds of treasure to a nation.
As college students, we should be fully aware of the essential role the classics play in our life.
Therefore, we should devote more time to reading classics and form a good habit to reading classics every day.
Protein is a substance which enable human bodies to develop healthily.
Some proteins are manufactured by the bodyitself but most of them are obtained from food eaten.
Since not all kinds of food contain proteins we need, only a well-balanced diet can provide necessary protein.
We must eat enough meat, beans and milk which contain many proteins to avoid lower immunity, memory decling or tiredness.
Some people also eat Protein Power, but they dislike it, because it dosen't taste good.
The Protein Power cannot instead of food, and too much.
Protein is not good for health.
To grow up properly, a child must have enough protein in the baby, which the child absorbs from milk, eggs, fish and beans.
Elderly people also should have enough protein to protect them from cold, osteoporosis and memory decling.
However, protein is not the only thing the body needs.
My name is W, and you can call me Devil.
I come from Q Province.
I live a happy life.
Because my parent and my brother love me very much.
Without doubt, I love my family either.
I'm a confident, honest, easy-going reactive and friendly girl.
So, I like making friends with other.
And I have many friends.
I have long black hair, not beautiful face and two smiling-eyes.
I like sport, such as playing badminton, table tennis, tennis and so on.
Taking exercise regularly is good to keep fit.
Moreover, I like listening to music and playing tricks with others.
Welcome to understand me.
Hello Jim, I'm J.
There's a news that I want to tell you.
It is a Dragon Boat Training Camp that I plan to join.
And I prefer to go with you rather tthan go by myself.
The camp include many exercise.
Looking forward to join us.
We gather in our high school and don't forget at 8:00 in the morning.
Reading faster is a skill in terms of people .
At first, it is necessary to master a good vocabulary for fastreading.
The longer it takes for you to recognise and interpreter the definition of a word, the longer it will take you to apply it to the total meaning of the phrase.
if you have a good vocabulary in the social studies area , you will read material in the subject much faster than an area such as science.
In addition, establishing a purpose for reading to help you control your speed and pay attention to comprehensing.
When you know why you are reading and what you warn to learn from your reading, you can adjust your rate to fit your needs.
You can attempt to establish a purpose or goal for reading, this i do in serveral ways, depending on the material.
Sometimes you can read the questions found in the text, if there are any, and than uses them as a guide.
Eventually it is vital that you have more than one type of comprehension.
There are literal understanding, critical understandig and aesthetic understanding.
I often respect my classmate's opinion and find why our opinion are different.
If I was wrong I would chenge my opinion until it was right.
Why I want to do this.
Because I know the right thing is only one.
Hello.
My name is Jimmy.
There are my mother my father and I in my family.
My father always washes the plates and cleans the kitchen.
But my mother cleans the kitchen better than my father.
I sometimes clean the floor and I usually iron clothes.
At weekends we usually have a picnic and take some beautiful photos in the park and we always have a good time.
I suppose that there are many reasons.
First, with the social development, more and more electron product has been appear and many parents want to make their children'study much better who would like to buy it for them, so that the children depend on the electronic dictionary seeks vocabulary.
Second, as a student who wouldn't like to spends much time in spelling, because they need to do more homework.
In order to change the situation, I think that we shouldn't look down upon spelling.
electron dictionary can help us to improve our English study but give it up.
In China, Spring Festival is the most important festival.
It's to celebrate the lunar calendar 's new year.
Every year, I spend Spring Festival with my family.
Once I thought it would always be same.
But I can get different pleasure in fact.
Before the Chinese New Year, I helped my mum do housework.
We put up paper cuts on windows.
This year the government banned setting off firecrackers.
As a result, I didn't the sound of firecrackers before Chinese New Year's Eve.
On the next day, I breathed fresh air out of doors.
My mum told me, that we must set off firecrackers on the fifth of the first lunar month to throw out poverty.
The spring festival is almost over.
In recent years, the problem of the food safety is becoming more and more attention by people.
Nowadays our attention was focused on the food safety.
Illegal cooking oil, tainted milk, chemical additives and pesticide pollution are full of our life.
It is the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she shows.
On the morning, we took the coach to the Penlai.
First, in the classroom, teacher always talk and students always listen.
Students nearly don't argue questions on teachers.
Nice to meet you Wang Li.
Learning English is a good way to improve your culture level.
Remembering new words isn't a easy thing.
I believe, if you remember them by heart and do it just like i tell you.
Mr.
Welcome to Beijing Zoo.
pandas, elephants and camels.
The tiger lives in Asia.
It usually lives alone.
It is strong and catches many kings of animals for food.
It eats grass and leaves, but it doesn't eat meat.
ilives Africa and eats leaves.
The pandas come from China.
Their favourite food is bamboo.
lives in Africa and in Asia.
It eats plants ang a little fruit.
As can be seen from the table, about 68% students will turn to their classmates and friends when in trouble.
They think they are at the same, so they can easily understand and communicate with each other.
They consider that they are kind and experienced.
They can be belief.
However,12% students have no body to turn to.
They do not like to talk to others.
Everyone wants to make a good impression when he or she makes friends with somebody or attends a banquet or does something else.
But we do not do it well.
Here, i know three tips on how to make a good impression.
First, when you meet someone, you must be kind and nice.
Surely, you should be polite when you talk with him.
