In addition, the left of the blue sofa with a purple pillows, behind of a lilac curtain, right with a table lamp in a gray stool.
Under the tea table with a light brown cushion that is soft just like a young's skin .
The floor of the living room is loog wooden floors.
On the right side of the wall is a closet that burning with fire make a living room more warm.
It is apparent from the line chart that the rates of smoking in Someland among women and men presents different changes from 1960 to 2000.
This number decreased gradually to 500 by 1974 and continued to fall but more slowly to 250 in 2000.
From 1960 to 1975, the number of men smoked dropped year by year while the number of women smoked increased.
Especially from 1970 to 1975, the rates of women who smoked went up sharply.
The number of female smokers rose to 300 per 1000 until 1975 and afterwards it tends to move slightly.
In conclusion, it is obvious that there are lots of differences between male and female smoking.
The difference lies in the trend.
Women smokers increased while men smokers decreased.
However, in 1975 the trend changed and two genders kept quitting smoking.
After going through one year's college life, I have met many friends and find many interesting things.
We usually eat and walk to class together.
And we also sing songs when we are happy and sad.
What's more, we go to visit some attractions.
The most interesting one is that we often cook delicious food at our dormitory.
I'm a mouse and no less happy than grieved.
All of those belong to me.
Until one day, i have a premonition that my situation will change.
Then, i meet with my best friend--a pig.
He is so good that shares food with me.
We think we will live in such a happy life until he is ill.
Before that day, we always eat together and comment on the taste.
But that day, at four o'clock, I wait for him to have supper, my dear friend does not appear at the trough and stretches out in the sawdust.
From his words, I know the master is able to save my guy and go to prepare.
In no time, I hears his screams that are pitched in the hysterically high range of pig-sound as if torture are being carried out.
Afterwards, God seemed to hear my prayer and he rights himself.
Shortly after five o'clock, he thanks to me when we are together alone.
As my spirits declines along with the pig's, the spirit of Fred rises.
When the enema bag appears and the bucket of suds, he assumes full charge of the irrigation.
Time passes quickly but things changes worse.
At last, I witness his death: He lies in the yard which is not far from the door.
His tomb is at the foot of the apple tree and Fred patrols around in simple but impressive circles.
  Every night I sang for him without knowing him, but now I see him, he is a true lover  , said the Nightingale, maybe I could help him.
With the development of our society, more fuel is needed to improve the industry.
As a result of this, much gas has been released into the atmosphere, especially Co2.
In the past, people are not aware of this threat to our earth.
But now, an increasing people begin to realize the grave.
Global Warming can cause many other problems.
With the temperature rising, the sea level will rise, too, and finally submerge coastal cities.
Many place will flood.
As the situation entails, every one of us has rebonsibilities to protect the planet and ensure the survival of our species.
In daily life, try to fulfill the concept of reduce, reuse and recycle as much as one's ability allows and the concept of zero carbon emission.
Using this as these ultimate goals and goodness, one should try these actions in every means possible.
Not one person but the whole globe should unite as one to the task.
Now more and more students like reading online because they think read online is very easy.
At first read online will get more hurt of you eyes than traditional read.
Apart form that traditional read is a culture of all the world, it can not be repiaced.
Of course reaing online also have many advantages such as you can read in anytime or anywhere.
But in my opinion I rather liking traditional read than reading online.
But I don't see my mother and father.
Deng Yijiang professor is to my influence the artist of one of the largest, he is a well-known choreographer who made it clear the my dream.
I love dancing and had some professional training during my junior high school.
Shortly, a big competition was launched in our school.
I took part in it.
He served as the dance of the judges.
However, I slipped on the stage in the fall.
I continued to finish the game, but I feel very frustrated about my mistakes, I feel very ashamed, I have been waiting for the judges of the judges.
Unexpectedly, he did not criticize me, he encouraged me, and told me that everyone has to do things will have mistakes, do not be discouraged, and then pay more efforts to avoid these mistakes, the next will be more perfect performance.
Later, I watched a dance directed by him.
In this play, l thought he tried to express his attitudes toward life.
What had been fully demonstrated was the young's confusion and dream, sorrow and happiness, as well as our efforts to overcome obstacles and achieve success.
I was deeply impressed by his work.
He gave me not only two words, but a station, so I can fly in the field of dance.
Deng Yijiang's works and his attitudes toward dance are still vivid in my mind.
The primary purpose of education is not to teach you to earn your bread, but to make every mouthful sweet.
Compared with senior school, the university make more free for me.
But there is an old saying that a coin has tow sides.
On the one hand, I have enough time to do what I like.
On the other hand, there is no person who inspects my study all the time.
Consequently, I'm with the view that self-discipline and seif-control is significant for university students.
I'll use up all the available time to acquire more and more knowledge.
To be a high-level translator is my dream.
However, I'm not upset about it.
Tomorrow is another day.
I like shopping.
I often enjoy window shopping with my friends.
I feel it very comfortable and happy.
I like some special things when I find that I often stop to see.
It's very interesting.
And I like to go discount stores.
Because it often sells some good quality merchandise at affordable at very prices.
It is its flaw.
When I bought some wonderful goods, I often share them with others.
They are happy in the same.
However, sometimes my mother doesn't feel happy, because it costs me too much money.
So, I prefer study at home rather than go shopping.
Sometimes, I go shopping on online.
On the one hand, I find it's very cnvinent to buy and I can see all kinds of thing, such as clothes, glasses, wathes and so on.
On the other hand, it's very cheap and beautiful.
Their new thoughts , novel ideas response to business, constructions , administrations and so on .
But in fact, it is not every easy to do this.
As the proverb says:  Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
If you want others to respect you and gain fame from them, you first need respect others and treat them as yourself.
I'm L.
As an organizer, I'm so glad to see you can join this competition.
As it known to all, English has playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.
So we want you to develop the ability of English speaking and listening through this competition.
Besides, the habit of reading is of vital importance.
When you stand on the stage, you should think about time.
Five minutes are available.
Fluent English speaking and qualified pronunciation are quite in demand.
A majority of students think that get online is good for us.
In the second place, they can communicate with their friends and share something they interest online.
Furthermore, they enjoy and relax themselves online.
But one coin has two sides, some students hold nagtive attitude to this opinion.
Firstly, it is harmful to our eyes if we keep watching the screen for long time.
Secondly, we will focus on chatting or playing games occassionly.
Nowadays, WeChat is becoming more and more popular among people, especially youngsters.
Secondly, it will influence their work and study inevitably.
As we all know, if we want to work efficiently, we must concentrate on ourselves.
But to some WeChataholics, they can't help using their WeChat frequently and they pay much attention on seeing whether someone has sent a message to them.
They spend too much time on it but it does no good to them at all.
Finally, WeChataholics are always threatened by dangers since they aren't aware of the surroundings when playing WeChat.
In my opinion, it's high time for WeChataholics trying to leave WeChat now.
Green vegetables to make our body must healthier, we eat up very comfortable, very sweet smile.
Today my dream is come ture, I working in a company.
I be good at work and get along with my workmates , we having fun every day.
I also having a beautiful house and big family, I having a car and I draving some place where is a peasful that I want to go .
I believe where there is a will , there is a way.
  Histories make men wise; poets witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.
The death penalty a step back .
I think only few of Chinese are in favor of it ; while mostly are not.
People who support it since they believe guilty people who are sentenced to be shot is such a cruel thing in modern society .
However, those who oppose it hold that the death penalty is vital to ease social unrest.
I am support it, and believe the death penalty will be vanished someday.
Human beings are emotional and sentimental, yet may become shortcomings in daily life.
We are likely to do illegal behaviors on an impulse when compelled by others' insult words or behaviors.
As far as I am concerned, death penalty is not justice to them.
Things should be considerate thoroughly and death penalty is not the only way to punish people.
Moreover, we are members of the society, and we all have parents , brothers and sisters in the world.
Actually, it would be so cruel to the family members, especially their parents who may feel full of losing in their rest of life.
Last but not least, it is a fact that there are many countries which have banned death penalty .
For example, England in which most people were avoid of banning death penalty at first.
On the whole, the death penalty is not an essential way to reduce crimes and ease social unrest.
After finished reading the Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the U.
It excels all forms of human wickedness in the efficiency of its cruelty and ferocious aggression.
From his speech, we can learn that Churchil wanted to gather all the righteous power to go all out to defeat Nazi, then he used a parallel sentence I see the Russian soldiers standing on the threshold of their native land, .
I see them guarding their homes where mothers and wives pray.
I see ten thousand villages of Russia where the means of existence is wrung so hardly from the soil.
I see.
For example, he said:  I see also the dull, drilled, docile, brutish masses of Hun soldiery plodding on like a swarm of crawling locusts.
Recently years, with the development of the network, micro-blogging is becoming more and more popular.
Because of the birth control, most of the family accept only one child.
However, they may feel lonely.
At the same time, it accepts shortcomings.
Some children don't like studying.
So they play micro-blogging instead of leaning on the class.
Micro-blogging is the production of the internet.
Therefore, we should both beautify the campus environment and create a campus culture.
By analyzing, the NAFTA and the WTO do have much negative impact on the Ametican's economy, such as accelerating the trade deficits and job losses.
On the one hand, some people think that although we are university students , academic performance is essential to us.
The reason for going to university is that we want to get further study.
There are many things in the university that wait for us to explore.
As a saying goes, It is never too old to learn.
On the other hand , some people think that communication ability is getting more and more important .
We should make a better use of our university years .
Joining societies clubs or taking part-time jobs do good to our communication ability.
As far as I am concerned, what we have most in the university is time .
There is no doubts that academic performances is important.
to communicate is also important .
So we should keep a balance of academic performance and communication ability .
The European country I most want to visit is Switzerland.
It is located in the middle of European .
Its area is 41,000 square kilometers and it has a population of 7.5 million.
Berne is its capital city.
Swizerland has some famous neighbouring countries.
They are Asutria, France, Italia and Germany.
Swizerland's scenery is pretty beautiful and attracts a lot of tourists to visit there.
Swizerland is also known for its industry.
In a word, Swizerland is a very pretty and rich country.
It is well-known to our college students, everyone has experienced the hard life in high school.
First of all, the ways of teaching and study are the most biggest differences.
Teachers manage your study every day in high school, but as a college student, all the study plans are made by yourself.
You should adapt to it as soon as possible.
Moreover, our study goals are changed.
When studyed in high school, all of us have clear goal what is get into a ideal university.
According to my experiences, I think a college student should promote his abilities to decide for himself.
And making a ambitious goal to strive.
Wang Lingling's best friend is Liu Lili.
They are different.
She is as tall as Liu Lili.
They both have straight hair, nonetheless Wang Lingling has longer hair than Liu Lili.
Liu Lili likes sports, nevertheless Wang Lingling enjoys reading.
They are both outgoing and popular.
So many kids like to make friends with them.
Liu Lili likes laugh and makes jokes.
She is funnier than Wang Lingling.
At school, Wang Lingling is more hard-working than Liu Lili.
With the development of technology, the Internet has impacted our life deeply.
Nowadays, almost every family has a computer.
The Internet has impact on Interpersonal Communication.
It has advantages.
First, people can communicate at anytime.
People don't need to meet.
They can chat with each other across the Internet.
Even people aren't at the same city, they needn't spend much time going to see each other.
Second, it is convenient for people to get information.
In the past, people had to write letters to relate to others.
If they wanted to share pictures that were wonderful, they must post them.
Now, people can send information through the Internet and others can receive them quickly.
However, it also has disadvantages.
For example, teenagers like surfing the Internet.
They frequently use some words from the Internet which their parents can't understand.
Therefore, there may be some misunderstanding between them.
People can also chat with each other without meeting.
If people just communicate and do not meet for a long time, their relationship may become hard.
The Internet has impact on Interpersonal Communication.
Nowadays, there are more and more undergraduates because there are more and more universities, that cause part of really talent people will be invisible in the crowd.
As the matter of fact, the incresing number of Chinese Universities is not really excited.
In my opinion, more universities in Chinese can provide more chances for students who want to have further education, but there are quite a few commercial school , and we can not sure that the school we choose is not one of them.
As we all known, China has a huge amount of population.
Intake expansion in Chinese universities means the employment problem aggravated.
Moreover, some dronish undergraduates can muddle in the employment-maket with a same qualification with the others.
I think, the government should control the amount of university but make sure the undergraduates can get the best education.
With the improvement of living standard, the living cost becomes higher as well.
Many people have to be confronted with various pressures.
Some like stressful life .
Rencently, more and more undergreduates download papers from the Internet for saving the trouble of doing the assignments.
Morever, most of them even develop a habait of copying papers.
First, college students will never grasp the knowledge which is important to them in the future.
When they choose to copy papers , they give up their chances to think .
They can not understand what exactly the knowledge in papers because they never take it seriously.
Therefore, they can not learn anything in the university.
Second, it is a matter of one's integrity.
Grabing the fruits of other people's academic labour, to some extent, it is a reflection on their character , which is called dishonesty.no one would like a dishonest person.
Furthermore, it is easy to deceive others but it is hard to cheat themselves.
Above all , I think we should take some methods to prevent this detrimental behavior .
First of all, colleges can give students 'some lectures about the importance of writing papers by themselves.
Second , they will be punished if they copy orthers' documents.
They may have to turn in more papers or lose their opportunity to get diplomas.
I'm a new in my college.
So I'm curious about all of my college.
College life is a new and different experience for me.
When I first come into my college, I felt relaxed and free atmosphere there.
I'm aware of my college life will be wonderful from now.
Many friendly people around me to talk with.
Although I must do anything by myself in college life, it gives me a sense of responsibility and makes me more independent.
I come into contact with fancy and bold idea and appreciate them.
Despite I just started my college life, I enjoyed it brought something to me.
I think it's really colorful and challenging.
However, just as the saying goes,  every coin has two sides.
Everyone can achieve his own success and make his dream come true.
She sought her success by her years'of efforts.
In general speaking, she would do lots of work before she interviewed a person.
Besides, she would ask his friends and workmates for help to have a better understanding of his charactors, hobbies, and so on.
Being ready to interview, she would behave confidently, which would do good to her interview.
She has interviewed many Well-known people.
What's more, she can never be satisfied and is always trying to do much better , which makes her go far instead of being in the same spot and not improving.
With the progress of society , the great majority products were produced .
And nowadays, people are more pay attention to the brand effect of the products .
Firstly , I think the university students prefer to follow the fassion rather than outstyle .
My favorite place is the Dongbei.
Because it will snow in the winter.
It is very romantic but I never been to there.
As far as I am concerned, it is of great necessity for you to appreciate what your parents do.
On the other hand, as for the parents, they should know that it is common for adolescents to protest them for the kids have a different and creative style to think about things.
Thus, do not just abuse them when they are against you, which may destroy the relationship between you and them.
Moreover, in order to promote relationship with their sons and daughters, they should promote friendship with them first.
With the development of economy and society , people have to speed their steep to work hard , in order to stop them from losing thire work , meanwhile , people meet worse problem , that is stress.
First of all , you should do your own business better instead of paying more attention on others.
For example, Sometimes you do nothing wrong but you boss angry with you , this position may makes you feel uncomfortable and you even want to fight with his/her, please don't do this , you will make the thing worse.
You shoulg ask few hours to leave and walk out , in my poinion , nature will clear you mind and help you make better choice .
If you find you can't solve your stress problem, you can find your friends and your family numbers .
You can talk with them about your stress , they are the people who know you very much , behind them , they don't mind how weak you are , what they mind is how to help you , according to communicate with them , you will find you have so many people loving you , your can share your stress with them , you will become a happy person .
may do much harm to our health or even kill us.
I want to check details for an event next week with my two assistants.
I have booked the room202 for the event.
Please to confirm that the schedule with security.
One participant will be late because he must deal with something recently.
Why there so many students taking part-time jobs at their study time , it has following reasons, the most important reason is obvious, they were too much spare time by their own , the class is too short , many students can't find interesting thing to do, but playing computer game in dormitory.
as time passes, they would rather do some part-time job than play games, and they could get money from jobs.
The second reason is also important.
Along with the social development, the employer is more and more high demand to students.
In general .
Nowadys, the college students is becoming excessive.
The college students is not a gold than before.
Today we have a university life for about half a year.
And we have far away form high school.
We are an adult not a child.
Our teachers do not force us to do so much homework, and never look at us anytime and anywhere.
So we must know what things I should do and what time I should do something about my study.
Not only like that but also we should spend our spare time to make friends.
In everywhere, people need friends.
We can share some happy things with them.
Even when we are in a terrible state he can put out his hands and help us get aways from there.
Some old people say: ''if you are away from home you can rely on you friends.
In the back of chinese culture, the result of study is important.
So many employers look it very important.
So we should try our best to make our study better and better.
We should listen carefully in class.
And we should do homework conscientiously.
The current market downturn and the prospect of some years of extremely modest growth have pushed investors in a more somber mood with the consequence that there is no pressure to rush into deals.
Now the European venture capital industry is still small compared to US, but it is steadily growing, with plenty of money, a web of contracts and deep understanding of cultural, political and institutional issues.
Everyone ought to graduate from school, which means everyone should grow up and step into the society one day, step into a cruel but a real world.
To graduate is to take a step forward, to move onward.
However, I'm so shamed that I haven't ever contemplate what kind of person I intend to be.
Ten years after, I am a 32-year-old young lady, married or not, which rely on the fate.
Starting from the innermost, I sincerely hope to have a happy family, a warm shelter.
The man who establishes the family with me is my predestined prince charming.
Sometime we are so stubborn about doing things on our own that we are don't ask others for help, we may regard it as being weak so we prefer independence.
All that we consider about the reality is too simple to deal with everything smoothly by ourselves.
Fortunately, the presence of this person who have the same concept of value with me and take care of me in a family way will bring to life the dawn, like a god-send present.
We have a lively and lovely child that I promise to spare no effort to protect and cherish him or her, as my parents all through do for me.
In 2022, I will become a civil servant like my parents, they are whom I proud of so much.
Though this kind of stable life style is what I really need, it does not mean that I am just pursuit of a comfort and make no progress.
In fact, if you don't find any challenge to your life, you won't have motivation and anxiety to development.
I indeed believe the fact that, a simple job is as well filled with uncertainty and challenge.
Thus doing well every barbee is the only way which must be passed approaching to success.
Apart from family and career, it is of importance to recognize and understand myself.
Therefore, consideration must come first, then I ought to get down to hearing the voice from the cockles of my heart.
A positive mind is supposed to develop, as this would be useful when I face challenge along the way.
Through this type of mind, I will be able to continue with my life no matter how tough the situation is.
I always find a reason to be happy, which will fuel me to go on further and further until I reach my destination.
Attitude decides on destiny and step forward never stop.
I still need to at times remind myself not to be in a rush and make good preparations before action, that is, to plan overall course of action in advance.
Create a goal that I am ready to bet my life on and make sure it is specific, attainable and time limited.
On the journey to find true self and achieve my full potential, I sometimes get into hard times inevitably.
Whereas we must never lose any hope for the future, which will help me to achieve personal growth in any phase of life.
Today, more and more bad habits cause damage to our health.
In my opinion, we should have a more health life style.
In other words, we should change some bad habits and form good habits.
If we can do like this, not only give us a good heath but also could influence our friends surrounding us.
But it's difficult to get rid of the bad habits that we have made.
It make me feel tough to change the sleeping habit.
I couldn't have a good sleep if i go to bed before 12 o'clock in the evening.
So i attempt listening English songs while want to sleep.
TO tell you the truth, it's really a good method.
Confirmly we will have many problems in our way make a change to the bad habits.
I believe we will gain a success in our group process as long as spend energy and time.
With the development of technology, the number of people that use computers increase rapidly, and computers are used everywhere.
Some people think that the introduction of computers into classroom will change the traditional way of teaching and learning.
First, computer is machine which have no its own ideas.
After all, computer is made by human beings.
So its thought is limited and single which can not put forward opinions appropriately.
While teachers'thoughts are usually flexible and useful.
Second, compare with computers, teachers can lead us into the right way of study and live.
What computers can tell us is just the right or wrong we did.
Teachers can give us more help on emotional.
What's more, we are good at communicating with real people rather than the machine.
In one word, although computers are useful to our study, we should just look it as the tool that can offer help to us.
Teachers are the most important people in our life.
The picture tell us the little girl show her school life on blog.
At present, more and more people are happy to show their information on the Internet.
Internet is benefit to us.
Firstly, we can express our information very fast.
The second, we can get many new messages we need or interested.
Also, it is convenient to us, we can easily get news at home and communicate with others.
But it also have negative aspect.
Sometimes, we cannot finish a thing by ourselves.
Some people are becoming lazier and lazier.
High technology play an important role in our society now.
For them, we can change a way to show our love.
In a word, we can get news by Internet, but we should show our concerns by words or actions.
I hope everybody can find a balance to deal with it.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
Can also mountain climbing, exercise the body, look at the beautiful scenery, you can also see many lovely animals.
Are delicious .
The Yellow River mother sculpture, moral has nurtured us.
I hope you'll like it .
We are enclosing some copies of our illustrated catalogues and a price list giving the details you ask for.
We allow a proper discount according to the quantity ordered.
Thank you again for your interest in our products.
There are two kinds of e-book.
One is the machine which is dedicated to reading online books.
It is convenient to carry and use.
It has big space room.
You can order books based on your interests or needs.
It is also easy to search the content you want to see.
It is no backlighting and doesn't hurt your eyes.
The other one is what makes the content into electronic versions and then puts them on the Internet for sale.
It can reduce the cost of books.
you just enter the online bookstores and buy books with few clicks of mouse.
In my opinion, with the spreading of PC and improvement of network technology, e-book can replace the position of traditional books.
I usually have no time to play sports but spend some time in playing games.
Lots of students take part in many different kinds of activities.
I like drawing so I take part in the drawing activities every Tuesday and Friday.
It's very happy for me to darw with my friends and improve my drawing skill.
At this moment, I like football very much.
I play football every Monday.
It makes me keep illness away.
I like English films very well.
If I finish my homeworrk at the weekends, I will watch some English films.
Above all, interests is the best teacher.
I found that it is hard to live without parents.
In organizing class activities, we may have different opinions.
reasons for wanting a summer job are different frpm student to student.
Typist, construction worker, salesman, lifegurad, and waiter these are some of the more common jobs that students try to find during the summer months.
Credit card is a common occurrence in our lives today.
Some people are inclined to use credit card for the following reasons.
Fistly, Go out shopping can need not take a lot of cash , safe and convenient .
However , others people say credit card is very bad, because we are easy to form the habit of spending money.
Extended repayment interest is very high.
If you sak me my for opinion, I may say that I am crazy about credit card.
Futher more , sometimes money out on when not to worry in the short time can't get the money.
Finally, Debt still owe only thing is, as long as I within the time prescribed on the money, will not have to worry about will affect our credit.
In the past, People's only had a self-reliant sort of life.
They do some housework all day and eat normal food , their medicine condition also very poor and they go out have no bus.
Nowadays, we needn't do housework all day and eat some food, we have high quality medical and good medicine conditions, so that many people have lots of bad habits.
Because mistakes can help you realise what is wrong with you .
Whenthe text will come, some teachers always let us do some examinations, many studengs will copy to finish it , if you make too many mistakein it.
Do not worry.
Do not afraid .
Failure is the mother of success.making mistakes are normal.
We are pleased to inform you that our Sales Confirmation No.
J-29 have already packed in the ZhenZhu vessel.
And it transport by May Flower in Hong Kong.
This contract is according to clinch a deal with cost and carriage.
we have sent to you by fax On March 15, in 2013.
A Russian strategist Suvorov said:  A real hero: to be brave, but not impatient, to act quickly , but not to act rashly, to be clever , but must be resolute, to be command, but not domineering.
Brave, act quickly, clever and command, all these are the qualities of hero.
When we see these, we will find it hard to be a hero.
But I think everyone can become a hero.
When we have compassion and respect for life, no matter what happens, we will have much courage.
As a recent survey shown that an increasingly overwhelming number of college students download papers form the Internet to finish their assignments.
To some extent, this kind of academic dishonesty is not beneficial to the improvement abilities of finishing one's assignment independently.
The harmful effects for this are as follows: In the first place, it is detrimental to the growth of a college student.
Without thinking, college students copy other people's achievement from the Internet straightly to deal with their assignments.
This kind of dishonest behavior will exert negative effects on their future.
It is meaningless for them to enter college, for they didn't acquire the ability to study independently while they download papers to solve the trouble with doing the assignments.
In the second place, it does harm to the development of the nation.
Downloading papers from the Internet is the same as not innovation.
From what has been mentioned above, we can come to the conclusion that both college and students themselves should take measures to solve this problem.
As far as college is concerned, college should establish some rules to ban this kind of academic dishonesty.
Once found, the student will get punishment and not be permitted to exceed three times.
Hello, my name is X, I am 18 years old, I'm from T city, Hubei province.
The city is very beautiful and I like it very much.
I am not outgoing but I am very lovely.
I have a happy family, a beautiful school and many good friends, I enjoy every day.
I'm very happy and I like to make friends with others.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat to a woman.
The people deceptive with each other.
They want to earn more profit for themselves.
All of them become dis-honesty.
They forget how to live with others correctly.
In my opinion, the honesty is vital in the daily life.
the honesty, which is a good virtue, can make our life more and more meaningful.
Friendship is the foundation upon honesty.
Honesty is the best policy.
My name is S. I am from X.
I am a new college student here.
You know , we are new college students here.
We do not know our college very well.
When we are in free time , we always chat online .
It is not convent if we have some problems with internet connection.
Above all, I suggest that school should pay attention to our new college students , and fix the problems for us .
Last but not least , school should creat a good studying atmosphere for our new college students.
I'm the president of Students' Union.
My name is H.
This weekend, I will organize some students to take part in an outdoor activity.
And I hope you could come.
Studying at school laies more and more stress on us, so an outdoor activity will help us get close to nature and relaxed ourself.
We can also take exercise.
The meeting time is 7:30 and we will get toghter at the school gate.
It will start at 8:00 and come to an end at 11:00.
What's more, it is GM Farm which is 2 kilometers away that we will go to.
As we all know , more and more students in college fall in love with others .
Some people are strongly against campus love .
Because they think that the assignment of college students is still studying .
Before working , the life of college is important , if studying hard , students can get much experience .
On the contary, some people accept it .
From where they stand , they believe that campus love is normal .
In my opinion , if someone meet the proper people , they can fall in love with each other .
But if someone feel lonely to fall in love someone , I think it is a wrong choice .
In my memories, my father is the most clost man.
When I was a child, my father was always playing with my brothers and me.
He seems a big boy.
Because he is happy in his children to play together.
If you have a such daddy you can also love your father very much.
Another reason, when I was in primary school when my father he taught me how to learn, and, taught me the basic principles of a man.
Remember when I was in junior high school, at school, I made a mistake, he knew, but he did not like the other dad scolded me, but told me where I went wrong, the patience to teach me.
The criminal case of Yaojiaxin reveal the serious situation of moral education.
Secondly, university moral education is effective , in our university , we have Excellent resources to carrying out moral training.
On the one hand, our teachers can provide students the moral model, students can feel the charm from teacher is behaviour .
Finally, moral education have the great signification, the undergraduate is nation is future.
in the near future.
they will become the elite of our country.
But I have a short-coming that I'm very lazy .
and I want to go abroad in the future because I want to travel all around the world.
My home is an apartment.
I live on the third floor.
There are three bedrooms, a living room, two bathrooms and a kitchen.
My bedroom is very big.
I live in a quiet community.
My community is not far from my school and the supermarket.
In this game have 7 competitiveness singers competition.
As we all know, smoking in china is a common thing, current smoking and much younger people.
Then, many young people are the social environment or the impact of their peers as well as adults and learn to smoke.
But at that time I was going over my.
I am angry, so I said to him Could you tune the sound down a little , please be a little point in the sound.
We are gold to inform that the Order No.1-29 for the goods under sales confirmation have been shipped per S.
Pearl , and will be shipped S.
Today, cell phone is not strange for us.
Almost every one of us has a cell phone, no mater it is perfect or not.
Cell phone brings us much convenince and fun, we take it with us every where, evern when we have dinners.
We use cell phone to connect with our parents and friends, to play games and so on.
Some people think that modern people waste too much time on the cell phone that they have no time to communicate with others face to face.
In my view, cell phone is a tool from which we can not leave in the recent society, we need cell phone.
More and more people get addiction to the mobile phone, especially the young.
First of all, we ought to make more friends in real life rather than virtual world.
Only we try to do these, has it been possible to fight against addiction to the mobile phone.
My first memory of school is excilent.
We share the same buildings with Tianjin NO.1 high school for example the gym and the swimming pool , I can't believe it at first because our meadle school dom't have them at all.
I'm looking farward to play in gym because I'm good at playing tennis.
I'm glad to hear that some of the classes in our school isn't compulsory subjects for improving some skills what I want to learn.
The teacher I remember the first is my chemistry teacher and we called him Mr. chen.
He has a lot of knowledge and a sense of humor.
My interpersonal skills is not good so I only have one friend till now.
I believe that there have many reasons for Blog's popular.
Firstly, Blog supports a convenient way to people to speak out freely as long as they never violate the law.
People can say something that they want to, and other people can make a comment, and they can exchange their ideas.
Secondly, people can ask for help in terms of Blog because there are so many human resources.
Many public institutions initiate help-seeking in Blog to raise funds to help many people who need help.
Much kind people can see the news and give their hands to assist those people who need help.
Although Blog supports many convenient to people, Blog also has problems.
Dennis Ritchie is the U.
In 1967, he began working at the Bell Labs' Computing Sciences Research Center .
He received the Turing Award in 1983 and the National Medal of Technology in 1998.
Dennis Ritchie October 8, 2011 in New Jersey died.
A lot of praise on the network with overwhelming grief, IPONE and IPAD swept the globe.
In fact, Mr. Ridge should enjoy the praise, or more.
Robert said that Ridge is a very low-key researchers.
Rich always want to work for more researchers used to work for other in the future research and facilitate technological progress.
I am going to graduation soon.
So I have to face to where I live in.
cities.
When it comes to big cities, lots of people are thirsty to work and study here.
On the one hand, we can get more chances of employment.
But living in big cities possess much pressure, it can lead to many diseases factor.
We aren't noisy.
We don't have the pressure easily.
I want to live in the medium and small cities.
But I am more willing to work in big cites.
I consider that working in big cities make me keep up the time.
Living in medium and small cities makes me physical and mental pleasure.
This is the question facing college students, who, upon graduation, feel puzzled at a crossroad in their life.
Actually, most students will be confronted with a similar dilemma when they graduate from universities.
In the eyes of mine, pursing graduate study outweighs finding a job in almost aspect.
I think four years in college only lay more or less a solid foundation and the development of expertise is yet to take place.
The best way is to strike while the iron is hot so as to help the substantial progress to arrive earlier.
Firstly, graduate study ont only boost our intellect but also help us build a well-connected network with peers and colleagues.
Secondly, as graduate students, we will perform competently and act on a higher level in knowledge application and awareness of critical issues than undergraduates in the job market.
Though it is so vital for graduate study, how we should do for a successful graduate study.
As far as I am concerned, there are several means for success.
First of all, try to be reasonable and know ourselves well in order to play to our strengths.
The second strategy is following other people's advice.
A person who is always asking for direction will not be lost.
Secondly, the personal placement test was not a real test because the result is not accurate adjust to somebody's ability.
Moreover, the foreigner teachers were not serious about our classes and they did not negotiate with students, as if they are just a machine speaks English.
Finally, the quality of the work and organisation is dissatisfactory, which means a limited-movie rather than English movie and culture teaching.
I live in Wuhan which is filled up with noisy.
Because I live in the community there are many residents, what awakes me every weekend morning is not the alarm clock but the noises from motor vehicles and talking of the people.
In addition, there are thousands of construction sites so that people who live near these sites will not have a quiet living surrounding for those noise generated by the heavy machine.
Besides, since the society is rapidly changing, an increasing number of people have their own cars.
It is inevitable that drivers will honk the horns.
Especially in the rush hour, these noises make my terrible mood caused by traffic jam worse.
In today's society, a large number of schools pay more attention to students learning skills.
So they force students to do much practice and have many classes to get good grades.
Only if a student know how to be a person, can he realize the importance of learning.
If he realizes the importance of learning, he will make an effort to study.
And he will get a better grade in the end.
So character education plays an important role in the development of students' life.
One who doesn't own filial piety can't make a great success.
One who isn't honest can't make real friends and they can't be successful at all.
Only if the person who owns filial piety and honesty, can he achieve his dreams and be successful.
Character education can help students control their behaviors.
To begin with, teachers can know what students' really need.
Evaluations will give students some control over and responsibility for their education.
There is much discussion about online shopping.
And it is easy to be seen that online shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Clearly, online shopping has many advantages.
Such as speed, you can buy things online and then you will receive them in a few days.
Not only is it fast, but also it is convenient.
Compared with tradional shopping, you can look for what you want quickly and accurately.
Just as a coin has two sides, everything has two sides.
Online shopping also has some disadvantages.
Quality is one of the most important things.
Online shopping can't promiss the quality.
As for me , online shopping should establish a safeguard system.
Like consumer protection agreement.
And on the other side, despite of the difficulties in finding a new job , the new generation can compete with high tech level employees by their personal ability, taking place of those who lack of proficient skills .
Therefore are they before the time of writing just easy to deal with, and no real attention to the importance of English writing.
J-29 by S.
S. Pearl  , and arranged transshipment via Hong Kong per S.
First floor , have There is a working skill classroom, There are a pair of scissors, double-sided adhesive .
Of course, there -are many classes , there are a lot of people, most are six grade, high.
second floor and third floor, Huge crowds of people, there is a big sister, big brother, there is have a little sister, little brother.
In this way, the entire campus was opened the pot.
One day, an old lady stood in front of a car which violated the traffic rules, and gained a lot of thumps-up.
Nowadays, with the development of society, more and more problems are exposed.
Government plays an important role to keep the society in good order.
in addition, personal behavior regulations should be hightlighted in many places.
Up till now, the number of private cars is increasing, so we will face more baptisms.
As we all know, depend on our single handedly, we can't change the persent situation, but we can improve it gradually.
the Spring Festival is the most important festival for all of us.
All family members get together to celebrate it, as well as me.
we often do a lot of interesting things during the Spring Festival.
It was ten o'clock in the morning on the day before the New Year.
We were driving on the way to my grandparents'home.
The house is not big, but verywarm, My family member celebrate the Spring Festival in it every year.
There are my uncle, my aunt, my brother, my sister, my second uncle, my grandparents, my second grandparents-in my family.
I have so many relatives that I can't distinguish between them until now.
All of us have a big meal on New Year's Eve, and watch the Spring Festival Gala together until very late.
In addition, my grandparents'house also has a small yard.
So it become my brother and me's playground.
When the night falls, my brother and I go out off the house excitedly.
We set off a lot of firecrackers and fireworks every year.
The sound is always deafening, but we need it.
The fireworks is great and colourful.
When we play enough, or we set off all the firecrackers.
We say Happy New Year  to each other to share our blessings.
Education, on the one hand, is a kind of behavior, which can increase our knowledge, technique.
On the other hand, education points to the education of school.
In this kind of education, it has purpose, plan, organization to make us suit society.
Education plays an important role in our country.
To begin with, our country, as a developing country, has a large gap compared with developed countries.
If we want to catch up with them even surpass them, education should put the first places.
Also, we have a large population.
The education of workers is the most important.
Education also has an important role in our daily life.
First, for individuals, education is the best way to improve ourselves.
Second, it can improve competitive ability in searching jobs.
For example, one person who is a liberal, and another one gets an undergraduate degree.
When they are interviewed by the interviewer, I think the interviewer may take consideration into the latter one.
At last, education can improve the quality of our training.
The development if our society is very fast , so we always have time to travel or on business trip.
If I were given choice between transporting by sea, air or rail.
Before making a good choice , we had better compare their .
because we all know , everything has two sides.
Firstly, The most obvious important characteristic of air travel is the high speed.
and another aspect is it is comfortable.
We can command a good view of buildings mountains and even clouds.
but as we all know, by plane is very expensive .
It cost over two times than by sea or by rail.
If you have a not too long trip, you had better take ship as your transportation , as it is cheaper and you can enjoy natural beauties in the river .
To it disadvantages, if someone is seasick, choose transport by sea is unreasonably.
Thirdly, about transport by rail, it has the most important benefit, because it is very cheap, if you have enough time , you can choose to travel by rail rather than by air or by ship.
Though by train is very low , at least with rail, you get to see scenic things.
Above all, every methods has its advantage and disadvantages.
if you want too fast to get to your destination, you had better choose transport by air, if You have lots of time, toucanYou can by train and you can See the scenery and you even can by sea too Enjoy the scenery in the river.
Of all the festivals, the Spring Festival is the most, important in China.
I had a good time in the Spring Fesvital this year.
On New Year's Eve, we have a special family dinner.
Everybody, even from far away, tries to come home for this celebration.
During dinne we eat and chat, and then we watch the New Year TV programmes.
We let off the fireworks at the midnight.
The celebrations usually last 15 days.
On the first day of the New Year, the Chinese get up early and say Happy New Year to each of the family.
On the second and third days, we go to visit our friends and relatives.
The 15th day of the first moon is the Lanten Festival.
In the evening there are lantern shows or lion dances in parks and streets.
People, both young and old, go out to enjoy themselves.
I'm very glad to receive your reply, you say you want know something about my favorite music and how to aiiocate time.
Classical music, is one kinds of my favorite music, one reason is I enjoy that used to play a musical instruments, and the other reason is I like that performance style.
But I don't like Rock very much because in my opinion music shouldn't be very noisy or very loudly , that make me fell very fidget.
About that New Year Park I think maybe I will playing the piano.
I think that traditional reading and online reading are all important.
They are different ways of reading.
Online reading is more interesting than traditional reading.
It have lots of the latest articles and reports.
Everybody can read them at home.
Traditional reading is more real and safer.
Because everyone can write their idea on the Internet, there are some wrong and false information.
We must look at the computer for a long time.
It will make our eyes bad.
Traditional reading is not like this.
The books that have come out are writing by well-known people or teams.
We can read it more safely.
We shouldn't only read on the Internet.
you may have received a number of inappropriate childhood emotional education, such as: cowardice is shameful,  anger is immoral  , sad tears are weak.
Thanks for asking me about my school life.
I usually get up at half past 6.
I have breakfast and then leave home at seven.
I have 10 subjects to study.
At school, I chat with my friends before classes.
past seven o'clock.
In Monday, the first lesson is chemistry, I like it.
Because I enjoy doing experiments.
I usually do my homework after dinner.
On Thursday, I stay on at school and I go to art club.
I drawing and painting in it.
In recent years, a large number of university students had entered university, now a problem has been discussed that should college students living alone or living with other roommates in dormitory.
Living alone can be more convenient, more private space and free time, for instance, you can sleep at anytime , and will not disturb others.
You can keep your own mystery, too.
But others disagree.
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer to live alone because at most time I need quite environment.
Friend can be made in any other ways except this.
Of course live with others lead a happy time.
Share our happiness and sadness, improve cooperative and shared spirit.
But it also kill the time you spend on studying.
After entered the information age, more and more things cannot leave the mobile phone.
Although this is not a serious thing.
For me, I don't agree with this practice.
LOS ALAMOS, N.
The area, a stretch of mesas that run more than 15 miles west of Santa Fe, N.
It affects the countless wars but also has influence on.
The Analects of Confucius, the root of Chinese Confucianism.
This view is the embodiment of a more negative attitude of contemporary young people of ancient culture that is classic books can only be used to the study of ancient history and culture but not have beneficial effects on the social reality.
If you become famous, you must be very busy, it is really bad for your health.
Some differentces between with them.
Size of solo is the same as big with fizz.
However fizz has the bigger markets than it.
But finally through the economic is improving .
It is more faster than fizz.
If you buy them .
Based on the variable weather.
I think it essential to prebare diffevent kinds of clother.
When it comes to the food in china, you can't afford to miss the chance that tasting all kinds of delicious chinese foods .
As is known to us all, the culture of America is different.
Nowadays, more and more people work very hard so that they can get fame.
As far as I'm concerned, I think one person who wants to get fame must know the importance of the fame firstly, and then towards this goal keep trying very hard.
Secondly, we must make a detailed plan due to the fact that we have known fame's importance exactly.
Thirdly, we must put into practice and we can do the little things from our surroundings.
For example, we can try our best to help others and we can also take an active part in some important activities and so on.
From these activities we can get their approval and then they will speak highly of our behaviors.
In general, if we can do everything by heart and treat others sincerely, we will get fame easily.
Group cooperative learning is a learning method.
In this regard, the student have different ideas.
There is also another view, group cooperative learning is not a good way.
In my opinion, group learning is a good.
My favourite TV programme is well known by the people around the world, that is The Animal World.
This TV programme show us a world of animals which we have never seen.
It can let us learn much about animals.
As we all know, there are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes.
However, others may think reading is waste time.
Secondly, when we read, we can have a specific place which is comfortable for us to catch knowledge .
You just do not make mistakes on you homework.
Without thousands failure and error, people can not succeed.
Only when he train himself day after day can he get these achievements.
If one wants to achieve success, only hard work and his perspiration can get him to glory.
If you want to success, you must be work harder and harder.
actually it brings some bad things too .
But we can't know these only know the appearance from the picture.
once our message was stolen .
For example, some one get overly interested in social practice and want to work full-time and earn money, so neglecting their studies.
I went to beijing with my family .
second day was rainy , we stayed at hotel .
Firstly, reading not only can broader your horizons, but also can shape a person 's personality.
How much a person to read can reflect a person's accomplishment.
Secondiy, reading can let us learn a lot of knowledge more than those of books.
We should not only read more books, but also read a good book.
Firstly, I must say sorry to our teacher, Miss X, because the last homework I don't have a good complete.
So I am very sorry.
Then, I want to say, I don't like introducing myself.
My name is Y, I come from Z P Province.
I think I am a outgoing girl.
But for the first time you meet me, I think you would feel that I am a quiet girl, but this is not true.
Once you are familiar with me, you would find that I am very crazy and outgoing.
I like listening to the music, but I don't like singing in front of many people, because I don't have a good voice, so I think I can't scare to the people.
I also like reading, I always believe that reading can broaden the vision.
Moreover, I can get many happinesses, and enjoy myself during reading.
I like sleeping very much, I always believe that sleeping is a enjoyable thing, I like.
And eating is a enjoyable thing, too.
To my future, I don't have many fantasy.
We are so pleasure to inform you that the goods under Contract No.
J-29 have been shipped per S.
And we will arrange transshipment of the goods in HongKong per S.
S. May flower  .
the appointment will be dealed with cost and freight.
After the discussing, we knew 40 per cent of students thought the animals should be kept in the zoo.
First, people can see kinds of animals in the zoo.
The rest of the students thought the animals can not be kept in the zoo.
The animals like living in the wild.
In my opinion, I think the animals who are in danger should be kept in the zoo.
Living in the wild is very dangerous and the number of endangered animals is fewer and fewer.
We should protect the animals and do something meaningful for them.
Second, we should not buy the hand-made which is made by animal.
I'm glad to know that you're going to Four Middle School.
The Four Middle is surround of mountian and have a lake that is in east of Four Middle School.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
Every time, the same sight.
Simple and warm I think.
It must be busy and I know I would try my best to work for that.
Not rich but enough.
My dream university is Cambridge.
It is located in England and it has a very long history.
This school has a very high reputation in the world.
It is very international and unique.
All the students here can pursue their own values and dreams.
By 1200, Cambridge was a thriving commercial community which was also a county town.
Then, in 1209, scholars taking refuge from hostile townsmen in Oxford migrated to Cambridge and settled there.
At frist they lived in lodgings in the town, but in time houses were hired as hostels with a Master in charge of the student.
Sustaining a world-class university demands investment in new facilities, new areas of study, and most importantly , in people; Continued fundraising efforts and innovative partnerships will be vital.
Boys, be ambitious.
This words are really exciting.
And it is really the place where you can catch your dreams.
the cobbie's attention, the cobbie was read a letter and lose his thought in something.
The cobbie, Tom, told the writer the deeply friendship between Ed and him .
Well, the story shows us that friendship is precious .
We share so much time with our friends.
What impressed me most, say, is his unimaginable patience and persistence which brings him a prize called salesman of the year and it is this that a treasured virtue which is too difficult to make it for each common person.
His mother who plays a significant role in his life that helps him a lot when he is help-needed and encourages he when he is down and blue.
In a nutshell, it is worthwhile to watch Door to Door which I've learned a lot from it and witnessed a disabled man's unique life.
There is a famous saying that goes, 'nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
First, I think human beings are ignorant in the way we treat the environment.
We cut down countless trees, burn non-renewable fossil fuels, hunt wild animals, pour waste water into rivers and so on.
It has brought serious consequences.
The ecosystem is upset.
Look, many rare animals are facing the danger of extermination, the water has been polluted, forests around the world is becoming less and less.
In my opinion, I think its high time that we should take action to protect our environment.
As we all know, love is one of the most essential things in our live, my life abound in loves, there are a sea of loves around me.
Such as the friendship, parents' love and so on.
However, we can't easily know about the love from others.
When we get love from our friends, we must be very excited and happy.
And we also show our love to him or her.
I'm going to show my love to someone, I'll say I love you to him or her.
I think I can touch the love they send to me.
The Mid-autumn is very important for Chinese people.
This is our Mid-autumn Festival, people are always very happy.
This winter holiday , I spent a exciting holiday going on a jouney.
Before I went there, I'm expect to trevel with my mother.
This trip we're going to Nepal.
It's a very beautiul country, although it's not very rich.
But the people in Nepal are very enthusiasm, friendly, plaim.
we went to several places.
The most unforgettable place is Chitwan.
Chitwan is a city in the south of Nepal.
It has the biggest country park.
We could ride elephants.
It's a very smart animal.
They brought many kands of animals in the forest.
In Chitwan you also can rafting.
The crocodiles were swimming around us .
I love Nepal.
Recently my classmate are taking part in a discussion about whether we should have an Engilsh listening test in college entrance examination or not.
The most important one of the four basic balities is listening, which can not be disconsidered.
Besides, it is an important way to get information.
However, some of them who are against it don't think so.
They think it's unfare because of the lintening effect.
There are diferences between countries and cities in teacher and equipment.
Each coin has two sides.
Both of the ideas has its own advantage.
Nowadays, when students learn English , they usually pay less attention to the words spelling.
Just a quick glance over any student's paper will reveal many spelling errors.
Some very common mistakes even affect the meaning:  he vs.
her  ; first vs.
In my opinion, it's due to the less emphasis.
As for the reasons , many students have the idea that small things do not matter and spelling is really a small thing.
In a group, people can help each other and solve problems more easily, but every coin has two sides, the others think that learning in a group is wrong.
As far as I'm concerned, I agree with study in a group.
My idol is my grandfather .
When I was a child , my parents have no enough time to look after me, so I usually lived with my grandfather, that experience is so happeniness and happy that I can not forget, during the time that I lived with him, he took me to fishing, catching insects, running.
It is good for both others and you.
I'm writing to tell you about some symptoms of anxiety among us students before exams.
Students who have anxiety often have some effects which lead to unhealth.
To some extent, this mood always does harm to students' health.
There's no denying that anxiety also affects our study.
According to this problem, there are some advice for you to get rid of it.
  Before exam, you should make a sutible reviewing project.
In addition, have good rests during the exam.
However, I have my own ideas, when I was very young, I wanted to be a teacher.
when l old.
I think the teacher's job is very important and necessary for the development of the society.
SOHO lifestyle provides convenience and become more popular among young people .
Different from working in a public job, they can enjoy the freedom and convenience working at home.
Apart from this, with a SOHO lifestyle, people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about the complicated relationship with others colleagues.
And what's more , they can get rid of the traffic jam.
This means that you can simply log on to a website and search for the information that you intend and download them.
Account for this reason, a lot of people attempt to do it, and that might seem the method is convenient for us to finish the task.
Clearly that your teacher may realize that you didn't write it by yourself.
It is essential to say that it dosen't help you appreciate the subject.
As far as l am concern, it is not worthy that downloading essays from the Internet.
Nowadays, souring on the internet is very popular for many teenagers.
I think there are many advantages and disadvantages.
We can listen to the music, do some shopping and check the information on the internet.
It is very convenient for us.
But on the other hand, Internet is hurtful.
Many students often spend much time in playing computer games.
I think it is a waste of time.
We should do some meaningful things instead of playing games in our daily life.
Yaoming is my favorite sports star .
He is born on 9.12.1980.
Nowadays , more and more students are smoking in our class .
Some students suppose it is fashionable and others think it is bad for health .
I went Dali with my parents and we go there by plane.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
I love traveling.
In the past, university only for the excellent students.
It means only a few students could enter the university that most students miss it sadly.
But now, with the expansion of the university in Chinese, more and more students enter the universities to recevie the education.
In my opinion, it brings the chance to the students pursue the knowledge and reach their dream.
However, we couldn't to ignore the problem of it.
On the other hand, some universities blind to pursue the benifit and ignore the academic also make the students could to study the useful knowledge.
In fact, intake expansion in Chinese Universisty is a good phenomenon, we shuold surport it.
But as far as I concerned, I think the universities should ensure the quality of teaching not blind to pursue the benefit.
Last fridy was sunny, so many students were playing outside during class break.
Some students played basketball on the playgroud happily.
Suddenly, one of them fainted and fell down on the groud.
The others who were near sent him to the hospital quickly .
It made him get treat in time.
Although new technology invention has brought many conveniences to our life, it also increase the distance between people.
Nowadays, phubbing has been popular exceedingly, which is considered very harmful to relationships between people.
As far as I am concerned, there are primary reasons for it.
First of all, new technological inventions are so intellect that people rely on it more and more.
Secondly, people have more chances to get close to new technological inventions and can afford it due to the radical development of society and economy.
So modern life seems like technological life.
As we all know, every coin has two sides, so does technological inventions.
The original target of these technology products is to help human beings live a better life.
However, many persons are on the way to living the life which is lack of human beings communication.
Let's me tell you my school life.
I get up at 6 o'clock.
I have breakfast and leave home.
I always by bike to school.
At school , I talk about study with my friends before classes.
The first lesson starts at 8 o'clock.
Our school has eight of subjects.
I like maths best.
I think it's very interesting.
We have some club activities.
Such as see a film, play football, recite.
After school , I always play basketball with my good friends.
And then I have dinner at home.
I am Susan.
My best friend is Lucy.
We have something different.
I have long straight hair, but Lucy's hair is short and curly.
I like exercising.
And I am better at sports than her.
I often help her to practice playing tennis on weekends.
But she is good at school work.
And she always helps to bring out the best in me.
The last difference is that she is more outgoing and funnier than me.
She likes to tell jokes to the other and to make them laugh.
However, we also have similar places.
Both of Lucy and I like reading.
We often go to the library together on weekends.
  All in all, we are good friends.
Big lake an eye hope to go to can not see the end.
A read lake there are a lot of flowers, there are many unknown birds .
to the spring festival, the big people to the lack fishing .
they catch fish than angone else .
If we still turn a blind eye, so how can we have to say the word ethics  .
Thanks for asking me about my school life.
I wake up at half past six, brush my teeth and wash my face, after these I ride my bike to school.
The school subjects is very interesting, I like them very much.
My favorite class is chemistry.
After school, I usually go home quickly.
My after-school activity is just class.
With his father in debtors' prison, he was withdrawn from school and forced to work in a factory.
On Sunday.
We are going to the people's park by all the teachers and students in the school.
Visit the east lake in the morning.
At noon and then the lake for a picnic and kung fu is produced to visit the Shanghai museum 50points to school at 6 o'clock in the morning.
At 7 o'clock.
Don't be late and they wear comfortable clothes and shoes, bring your own lunch and drinks, ready to camera.
When we are reading we have to read word groups instead of word for word.
But today I was enjoyed this class, even though the time past quickly.
Imperceptibly, we can find that we are extremely dependent on cellphones.
Last but not least, we are desperate for communication rather than for the cellphone, itself.
Some of my classments think get online is good for us, because we can get information from the internet , and we can also broaden our horizons by internet.
We can also commulate with our classmates and share information by internet.
But there are also many students think highschool students should not get online frequently because watching the computer for a long time is bad for eyes, and falling in chating and computer games is bad for our study.
We're glad to inform you that the goods under sales confirmation No.
J-29 have been have shipped with Pearl cargo ship.
This is all about the CIF price.
you can eat the fruits if you can tell me their names in Enlish.
All the students listened care fully and studied hard.
He was a loyal courtier but finally opposed by aristocrats and later deposed and exiled by King Huai.
Finally he finished his last poem and jumped into the Miluo River.
In my memory, the festival is a day to eat some delicious food.
There is a common fact that no people think love is not important.
All of us are starved for it.
But most people have a wrong attitude towards love because they regard the matter of love primarily as that of being loved, rather than love others.
Benjamin Franklin had given a smart piece of advice to all who are starved for love.
If you would be loved, love and be lovable.
Not knowing much about it, I instinctively think love is something sweet but hard to grasp.
It is a kind of mutual appeal and a kind of understanding each other.
Most people fail to find the essence of love so they failed to know that there is nothing that needs to be learned about love.
People think the problem of love is how to be loved.
In my opinion, love requires our full attention.
No pains, no gains.
If we are starved for love, we should make it clear that it is important for us to love others.
The first measure to take is to love the one who you love with your full heart.
We should communicate with others so that we can have a good understanding of he or she.
What we can do is to take good care of them.
The second step to take is to make yourself good enough.
We can cultivate kind character, good attitude and so on.
You can see it no matter where you go .
There's a dramatic increase in the number of people who will prefer to it rather than the traditional book .
Many people believe that e-book is more convenient and easy to carry , apart from that you can also download whatever you like .
As far as I'm concerned, I firmly agree with the former point of view , as we all know the world is changing more and more faster , e-book is not only protect the environment but also more suitable for the people in the modern society .
Time flies so fast.
High School time is very memorable to me.
Unider the help of my English teacher, I have learnt a large number of English words in these three years.
Now, let me introduce my High School English teacher.
She is a very good teacher named Sue.
She is a firm, happy, independence woman.
As far as I am concerned, she is not only an English teacher but also an all-around person.
University Study is very interesting to me.
To be honest, I used to wish my University English teacher were a very handsome and interesting foreign man whose mother tongue is English.
I also wished that my English teacher had have classes outdoor and associate learning with play.
I want to learn a lot from University English Study.
Firstly, I want to learn written English and oral English to pass final exams.
First of all, it is not like Chinese wedding, lively and ostentation and extravagance.
Secondly, the scale is not as big as China's wedding.
The pressure of students is growing for the past few years.
parents always urge students to study hard and spend a lot of money on hire the teacher to teach their children.
These all results in students have so much homework to do.
