Of course, these examples have positive and negative, but we can learn about lots of knowledge from different examples.
I am very glad to hear that you want to learn English .
English is not easy, but is interesting.
I think you will love it.
First, you should listen to the radio.
you just need to listen for key words and main ideas.
-more, Why not write down our mistakes in our notebooks.
I am writing in resoonse to your advertisement for a tem porary position as a The salesman.
I am a senior high scool.
My hard work has the sense of responsibility ready to help others.
It covers a total area of 12.3 thousand square kilometres (4,749 square miles) with a population of over 11 million.
Benefiting from Dujiangyan Irrigation Project which was constructed in 256 B.
On Thursday morning, in the front of the class is writing two classes.
before solution to decorate our homework.
blackboard.
We are very excited, and each group began distribution tasks, warm scenes exception.
location.
painting for faster and better win.
Nowadays, people's living standards is gradually increasings.
Science and technology are advance.
Computers are used wisely and wisely in the family.
On one hands, online shopping extremely convenient and cheap for people, you needn't go to the mall.
Compare to which is cheaper.
Then, if you unsatisfied, the seller will return of merchandise and displace the new.
On the other hand, online shopping also have the disadvantage.
You can't try on the dress size.
And the seller to poor quality goods for you, and you can't get it immediately, you need to wait two days or longer.
In short, online shopping is rapier.
You need make out the real fake.
As the saying goes  penny wise, pound foolish  .
Personally, I don‟t think staying indoors for most of the day should be advocated .
people in all ages, their physical conditions permitting, should be encouraged to more time outdoors .
In the past, people in the world often threw litter carelessly.
And the world become more and more dirty now.
Also the water in the river become black.
It's so dirty that people cannot live normally.
So It's very necessary for people to protect our earth.
We should be polite to everyone and help each other.
we must get on well with others.
We also can be a volunteer to pick up litter and introduce YangZhou to others.
He is tall and has a couple of black eyes.
With the rapid development of the economy, more and more people have a tendency to go travelling when they are free.
To begin with, it appears more common phenomenan that a lot of people throw the litter by their hand, which lead to a bad effect.
What's worse, many touristes not only not obey the rule of the scene area, but also they destroy the whole beauty of scenery.
In addition, some people who take their children to tour so as to make their children happy.
Consequently, while these children casually write on the tree, their parents don't prevent them.
Once a upon time, I accompony my parents who have retired to see sea.
When we tired, I let them have a break then I assist them buy several bottle of water at random.
As far as I am concerned, when confronted with the bad phenomenon, we should learn to forbid it at once.
Because it represents one's citivation, if we can't realize the significance of civilization, we are bound to be the out-standing person.
As a good colleage student, it is necessary to protect the culture of scene applying the knowledge to practice.
Apart from, we should appeal to more people to correct the bad habits, even though you have do the same points.
Last but not least, it's our tradition that people should inherit civilization, and promote it rather than destroy our surroudings.
Furthermore, we will creat society full of civilization in the future.
In my opinion i support father's view, there is an old saying in chinese if you want to sweep the world, you should sweep your own floor first.
anyone can say some great things but a few people can do it.
In my understanding, the college life should be colorful, varied and erratic.
What important is the friendship.
It's always exciting to discover how wonderfully diverse college relationships can be.
Of cause, there are study, work and many more also essential.
The courses I take consist of all the required courses.
electives.
In the first two years.
In addition.
Besides.
Before June 2.2008.
When i came my new school, i 'am excited alnd happy.
Have many tall buildings in our school, and a big playground.
My dormitory is very comfortable, and i have five roommates, they are very friendly.
On weekends, i have many courses , but they're very interesting.
My teachers are very serious lectures, and care our life.
I want to improve my grades in university and improve my communication skills.
On the one hand, some people hold the view that the classics are classics because they have stood the test of time.
In retrospect, we would find that almost all the development where build up from the classic before.
The reason for this phenomenon lies in several aspects.
Firstly, students don't spend much time in reading and memorizing the words they learned in the lesson carefully.
Heavy study load takes much of their time.
To change this sitution, We should begin from the following items.
On one hand , the study burden to make the students assign their study time more reasonably.
Finally, for students themselves, they can, through other ways, make them be interested in word spelling.
On one hand, some of them thought it useful for us to use the Internet frequently.
We can get more knowledge and boarden our minds.
We can communicate with our friends and share some interesting things with them as well.
But on the other hand, they thought it bad for our healthy in both physically and mentally.
First of all, it's bad for our eyes.
Then, we can fall in playing games or chatting online.
The Mid-Autumn Festival falls on the 15th of the eighth month of Our Chinese lunar calendar.
So it's necessary for our staff which can't speak foreign language to have it .
The training starts on October 24th, 4 to 6 pm.
If you have any question, please ask me.
As I know, to some students marks means everything.
Because If we don't have good marks, our parents might be unhappy.
They may accuse us.
Therefore, to get good marks, we should study hard and learn moreknowledge.
In China, the government use the exam-oriented education to teach us.
In this way, we are just like studying tool.
What we can do is just listen to the teachers and receive them.
Even if, we need't think by ourselves.
oppositely, if we have experiences, we practice, during this process, we will learn more than just listen to the teachers and receive them.
Not only we have thinked, but also we have got to the work.
It is known to all of us that no one can survive permanently.
So, death with which we have to confront is worth considering deeply.
As is going to say that it is not how many years we live, but rather what we do with them which occurs to me strongly.
Even if you live more than eighty years old or ninety, you contribute nothing to the world then you are useless.
We need more spiritual life instead of only body.
Body just mean that you are live in the world.
Taking Nobel for an example , though he dead in a very young age, his creative and brave spirituals have impressed us.
Setting the Noble Prise is a memory of him .
Time has gone so many years, the Nobel Prize still have greatly influence.
His life is meaningful and it is worthwhile for him to be born in the world.
Food safety is essential to everyone's life.
Increasing attention has been paid to it allover the world.
There are many cases about food safety every year.
In China, food safety inspection is the governmental routine work.
On the one hand, the government puts a number of manpower and material resources to improve the food safety.
On the other hand, the government sets up series of mechanism of rewards and punishments to encourge average people to expose everything that is dangerous to food safety.
Nowadays, we must clearly realize that food safety is not someone's duty.
It is publicity activities.
All of us must work in unity to defend our food safety, which means life security.
As is known to us, this is a hard and long-term war.
By the time we reached the university .
The campus give us a bigger stage to project our own .
We know that being confident on campus may help you live a fruitful and enjoyable life .
they would rather stay at home than go out in their spear time .
We should encourage ourselves to communicate with others.
we must belive ourselves .
Housework is a skill that everyone should learn it.
I was happy and exciting when I stayed in my home alone.
My parents was, on business in Qingdao.
My parents were out.
I invented my friends to come to my home.
We had played computer games for a long time, we shouted and laughted when we won.
In the evening, I cook the meals for my father, and they said I can be a, good cook.
I am sorry to tell you that I have to go home immediately.
For my mother is ill, I must look after her.
I'm sorry I can't attend your speech contest.
If you can get extremely grades in the game, I will be remarkably happy.
If my mom 's condition has improved, I will come back soon.
After then, he remembered his uncle had said, 'the more power you have, the more responsibility you should take.
What's more, I do more exercises in order to improve my study, I decided to try my best in study, and my aim was to make progress in learning.
In a day, if my foreign friends come to my unversity of GUILIN.
because it is very beautiful, l want to make our best to them.
delicious food.
For all words, l believe we will get on well with each other.
The interesting day will finish, but l will never forget it.
Globalization has no doubt swept China and the western culture has inevitably invaded the primitive culture of other countries.
Many Chinese people stand out to appeal to preserve Chinese traditional culture.
Culture is just like an organism.
That seems to be the combination of both the previous and the present.
The reason that western culture can dominate Chinese traditional culture is only because our culture isn't strong enough.
We can but be oppressed by other cultures.
It is the time to maintain our cultural identity and promote the unique identity to other parts of the world.
Only preserve the old culture is useless .
let us try to speak English as much as possible .
It is a good way to improve your English and can make some friends .
What is more what about writing down the mistakes in our note books .
What about this advise .
As is vividly revealed in the picture above, the teacher gives the boy a book of literature.
Reading literature plays an increasingly essential role in our daily life.
For example, we can gain knowledge and solution more problems by reading literature.
Sometimes, we can take full advantage of using our time.
In one word, for college students should read a lot of literature.
Being a movie or singing star not only can be famous but also can make so much money.
But some people think it a little unfair for stars to earn plenty of money.
They consider it too crazy.
On the other hand, someone agree it is fair for stars to earn so much.
They claim that it is very difficult for stars to become famous.
In my view, I agree stars have their high income .
They work around the clock.
I didn't know what to do.
So I just got out of bed slowly and quietly.
I lingered around in the bedroom where I heard the voice with a frightened look.
I got out of the bed, the floor creaked .
I walked as carefully as I could and finally reached the lamp.
'I wipered at the dog.
Holding the lamp tightly in my hand, I opened my door and crept into the corridors, trying not to make a sound.
Now I could here the sound more clearly.
Distant creaks and groans echoed eerily along the corridors.
As we were moving towards the room where the noise came from, I could feel my teeth trembling terribly.
'It didn't take long before we reached the room.
I took a deep breath , and opened the door.
I could not make out a thing at first when I suddenly saw something hanging on the celling of the room.
I was utterly paralysed, not able to move.
It goes without saying that the development of tourism boosts the local economy.
Despite the fascinating benefits, we're also confronted with severe problem due to the expanding volume of tourists.
It's necessary for us to strike a balance between the advantages and disadvantages brought by tourism.
For example, the government should take every measures to inform tourists that whatever harms the preservation of the cultural relics is prohibited.
Still this is far from enough.
As far as I know, much of the damage was not done deliberately.
As for snow-capped YuLong mountain, the carbon dioxide discharged by visitors resulted in the heating of the mountain, which is melting now.
The tourists volume must be restricted in some places of interests.
My first school year in college Sept.9, 2009, I official become a member of CYU.
Something about what's the school like.
With a whole series of questions and longing of college, I arrived the school.
I felt not bad at that moment.
In the first year of my college life, I haven't taken part in any organization and corporation.
I just joined Badminton Association, but I never attended the trainning.
Such as late for class, run away the class and a bit of lazy.
Although sometimes we have a few contradictions each other, we're freiends forever.
When I have difficulty in my study or in my daily life, you're always come to my help.
Without you, I am very lonely.
Because of you, my life becomes more wonderful.
Thanks for your encouragement and love all the way.
In the past year, sadness, happiness, exciting, moving.
Different people have taken different attitudes.
People who hold the first view think that group cooperative learning is beneficial for our study.
Many students are fed up with traditional teaching method, however, group study brings them a lot of bran-new feelings.
In contrast, those who hold the opposite opinion believe that group study is not very appropriate.
Group study may distract students's attentions.
As to me, I'm in favor of group study.
We all know that two heads are better than one.
Your partners can provide you with a lot of new knowledge.
Meanwhile group study will help build good and lasting friendship among the group members.
The firet time i travel is at the age of six to Hainan.
I wnt to there by plain, and air company is air china.
Hainan is very beautiful and it was also very hot.
I went to seaside.
Some of people went to have a swimming.
Other people went to diving.
At that time, i choose go diving with my father.
But I don't thank of water is too cool for me.
I afraid went off ship.
At last, i just took photoes in the sea.
The earth knows that Hainan is rich in coconut.
Coconut trees on both sides of the road.
So, coconut was very cheap.
I like drinking coconut juice.
I like to look at the different views of different places, different folk customs.
Last summer holiday, I went to Ningbo by bus.
I could not believe my eyes, the sea was so blue and the beach was so golden.
The headman was very serious, they shouted at us in high voice and swore at us, their quality is low.
I went to the office to asked for leave, the headman wanted me to continue working, so she didn't let me have a rest.
That summer holiday is the most unforgettable.
Obama is the first African-American President in American history .
I first knew him when I was in high school .
At that time, all the people were talking about him .
His father leaved his mother and him to pursue a Ph.
Father in law put her daughter's hands to the bridegroom.
I want to introduce a mester that has inspired people during the world war two.
He hasn't gun or other weapon.
He just used his humor that expressed by acting .
The mester is Charlie Chaplin, a actor who used nonverbal acting to made people laugh at a time when in the flames of war.
Nowadays.
just as the saying goes every coin has its two sides  .
On one hand, in my opinion.
i think science is good for our life.
because it can Promote human progress.
such as medical.
diet and so on.
long longago.
, we didn't have Effective drugs, so, There may be many deaths .
but now.
But on the other hands, science will bring some disadvantages, such as ecological pollution.noise pollution.
As far as i am concernd.
We haven't seen each other for a week.
I am writing to tell you something about upcoming Englinsh speech contest.
As you know, Englinsh speech contest is coming.
The students who take part in the contest are actively preparing for it.
I'd like to invite you as a judge.
You can give the students some suggestions.
And the contest will be held in the school hall.
This summer holiday, i join in the football match in Chaoyang District.
We have started train since the start of term.
Often went back home very late and there is not enough time to review and write.
Because my teammates was very strong, so I've been sitting on the bench.
Only a few minutes.
We was not in vain.
One day my English teacher's throat was hoarse.
At the second class, He take a suger which could make his throat batter, open it, take the suger to his mouth, and stuff the trash to his pocket.
Once upon a time.
He speak about wipe the blackboard .
With the development of our country .
People become more richer.
Wherever you go.
you will see many cars on the road.
They look just like a long river around us.
They cause the heavy traffic and even traffic events.
And when we go out with our car.
We usually spend lots of time on the road .
So some times the car are not convenient to us but also waste our time .
They not only affect our life but also affect our healthy.
With more cars on the road.
The more pollution will be produced.
The air pollution causes a lot of diseases.
And also make our environment bad.
We should consider the bus first .
It is cheap and also convenient .
If there is no bus stop on the way.
And then I believe if you do like this.
As can be seen from the questionnaire ,72% people access to information through television , and 12% people rely on newspaper .
As far as I'm concerned , the newspaper is more desirable .
For one thing , compared with the television news , news reports is more depth which can help us acquire more information .
For another , reading newspaper is not limited by time .
So we can access to information whenever we want .
Perhaps the prime reason is that reading newspapers needs to activate the brain which is in favor of improving our intelligence .
From the analyses above , we can draw the conclusion that the newspaper is a better source of news .
The woman is my mother.
Once, I was poor at English composition.
From that time, I recite English words for an hour every morning.
Besides, I take English notes carefully in every English class.
As far as I am concerned, diligence is the most important factor of study.
We should study as the early bird.
Every day, we ought to prepare our lessons in advance.
I hold the view that the early bird catches the worm.
In many times, we are just one step away from success.
Deligence plays a vital role in learning.
If we intend to be successful, we must be diligent.
Death penalty has been existing for thousands of years .
However , in such a modern and civilized era, it has been a yoke for the development of society .
So some people share the opinion that it is high time to abolished the death penalty .
Cause I am neither a victim nor a criminal of any crimes, to show my opinion objectively , I think the death penalty is really a step back in such a world which weighs so much on human rights .
Of course , I agree that all men are born with equal rights .
However , even in such an advanced society , there still exist many unequal situations , in other word , we can say some cases of injustice.
In the current world , there is no country that could declare its judicial system is flawless, so sometimes it is very likely to condemn some undeserved or even innocent people to death.
I agree that the death penalty could not cater to the need of society's development , and it should be abolished.
But I have to point out that though the death penalty could be prevented , the cost of living is higher than that .
Sometimes , to leave them alive is a much more painful torture than to kill them .
Hello.
I'm W.
There are many advantages.
For example, it will be easy to contact with our parents and friends.
But there are also problems.
First, phone calls will influence teachers and classmates.
Second, using phones to send notes and chat will waste our time and money.
Last, some students may play games in class or even worse, cheat during exams.
Depending all these, I suggest students who bring phones to school should not use phones in class, don't play games and never use phones to cheat.
Perhaps, of all the people in a his life, a grandmother holds a special place.
She was born in the early 20th century with a head of grey hair, slightly hunching over and her face is seamed with age.
She is a traditional women, having the admirable virtues.
She came from a good family.
My great-grandfather was a gambler and was missing when my grandfather was young.
I was the youngest junior of hers and also her favorite.
My parents was too busy with their work, nearly have time to stay with me a whole day, so I was brought up by my great-grandmother.
It was my great-grandmother who was a great teacher and made me an upright, honest and warm-hearted person.
  She told me that respect the olds even you don't like them, because what they come though is worth respecting.
In some aspects, she will be strict on others.
For example, she never allows others to waste food.
I remembered when I was a child, every time she saw the food I was not finished in the bowl, she would criticize me.
She told us we should cherish others' perspiration and fruits of labor.
Now she is oldness, I am a college student.
That is my admirable grandmother, thrifty, considerate, strong, kind, and the wisest person that I have ever seen, even if she couldn't read.
She influenced all my life and I respect her forever.
In modern society , people produce the waste every day, and the waste become more and more seriously .
As for as I am concerned, waste sorting is a must.
I remember , Shakespeare said, Do not , for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort  .
College students less capacity to deal with frustration.
At the beginning of, I have not voted into.
The second , parents can teach students business experience.
, Don't give up hope.
Nowaday, shopping online is very popular.
We can buy everything you need at home.
You save time to do other thing.
If things you want abroad, the best choice is shopping online.
Second, you can get your things fastly, if you are in an emergency.
Third, shopping online is very cheap.
But every coin has two sides.
The quality online is not sure.
Maybe, the sellers give you wrong goods because of their careless.
At the very beginning, you should open account of yourself on the Internet.
My dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is in the middle of the Europe which covers an area of forty-one thousands squire kilometres.
It has a population of seven milion and five hundred thousand, so it is not a big country.
I want to go to Switzerland because it has a great view and it's called ''The World Garden''.
Switzerland is next to Austra, France, Italy and Germany.
Just like many other European countries, Switerland has a great producton.
But now, in today's word many persons worry about us.
They think we have many disadvantages.
For example, we are to self because we don't like cooperation.
And what's more, they also don't think we have enough perseverance.
So it's easy for us to give up something that we are doing.
Besides, they think we are the blind pursuit of success and too eager to succeed.
Secondly, as far as I'm concerned, I think it's too arbitrary to criticize us.
We also have many advantages.
One of them are that we dare to face challenges.
And the more advantages need you find.
It's all content of my speech.
Today, English is full of our school, since small school, middleschool and hight school, English speaking is an usual for students.
First, students didn't have an English envernment.
The people all of use arounding, bouth spoken Chinese, no people speak English, so, we don't want to speak it.
Then, English is to hard to study, the word is too hard to read and rember, and the speaking of English is too hard too.
I think there were many ways too.
T think at school, teacher and students should prove the interesting things in English, and take them spealing the word more and more.
Then tow or therrw student can made up a tearm to study English.
They can speaking, talking in English each other, make English homework together, and so on.
Last, sutdent can come to The Great Wall, wangfujing, gugong, East dan, the place where forenger peopel lost.
Nowdays, the phenomenon of fake commodities is very common.
We may buy fake commodities on the street as well as on the Internet.
As is known, fake goods really do harm to us.
For example, when we spend much money on some expensive goods, it is offensive to find what we have bought are faked.
Without any quality assurance, fake commodities will be broken easily and we can find nowhere to fix them.
What's more, fake foods are harmful to consumers' health.
I want to be the pursuit of life enrichment in the 4 years .
We are not children .
This is my plan .
As you know, we are going to hold a seminar next week, and I want to check details for it with you.
I have reserved a room at Shushan hotel and the room number is 201.
And then, May I remind you to confirm the schedule with security.
The reason, which is obvious to all, can be listed as follows.
Firstly, college life is different from the time during senior high school.
Secondly, people always do what others doing, college students are easily form a bad habit if one person have it.
In light of the seriousness of the problem, due attention has to be paid to this issue, in the first place, college students should be aware of the harm of the unhealthy habits and develop the realization of cultivation of good habits.
As we know, we are living in a globalized world.
At last, what the most important thing is that how to cooperate with each other.
In my view, firstly, we should treat everyone as equal as possible, because everyone has an important effect on one team.
But in the meanwhile, we should also overcome one's weaknesses by acquiring other's strong points.
Next we should communicate well with others to improve efficiency.
Of course what's more, sharing information is also essential, so that it can keep each other updated on new ideas.
Just as old saying goes, many hands make light work.
Different from other tourism attractions, such as the carnival, the zoo, the amusement part, etc.
There are many kinds of love in the world.
Nevertheless parents love is the greatest.
Mother's love always warm, help us in our difficult all the time.
Father's love is severe, when we make mistakes can give us the correct guidance.
If the mother's love is like water deep, then we can say the father's love is like a mountain of heavy.
When I am very small, they told us what thing we should do, and how to do.
Tell me a lot of story, let us know many.
I think is they duty before.
Becase of a photo, many netizen paid attention to the heavy road traffic.
juding from the information above, many drivers and cyclists ignore the traffic lights or other vehicles and they often occupy the lanes they must not go.
According to my analysis, I think it is a time of everyone that accidents will happen to drivers as well as cyclists and pedestrians.
Each of us should care of others and obey the rules.
J-29 Sales Confirmation , we are glad to tell you that all the goods you ordered have been shipped by S.
Therefore so many students apply for a high salary job.
As we all know, we are what we eat.
Therefore, it is important for us to form healthy eating habits.
Since the bad habits, like particular were deteriorating drastically in China.
In China, children are caught by holding their hands so not as to getting frustrated and angry.
Adults think that learning should take place by continual shaping and molding, which is the reason why young children at work can have facility.
What's more, in terms of attitude to creativity, Chinese attaches great importance to the tradition and evolve to a point equally original gradually.
Whilst in America, when children learn something, adults think the critical point is the process and that one can cope with a problem effectively by himself.
Each style of learning has their own strengths.
After the entrance of the con tat.
We get into college.
At present, most of us live in dormitories, and now, there is a hot debate over two views.
Nowadays, some person is in favor of the dormitory.
And they think that the dormitory life is not only wonderful but also the members of the dormitory can support each other.
They think too many people lodge together.
There is some truth in both arguments, I am fond of living in the dormitory that in my opinion because I am able to make many friends.
When I suffer some trouble.
They can support me.
And I think the advantages of the dormitory life is overweight the disadvantages of family life.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our questions were about studying, watching TV, going online, helping with housework and exercise.
There are only forty percent of the students study by themselves.
And twenty-five percent spending weekends watching TV or listening to music.
I think it's a good way to relax.
But twenty percent use the internet on weekends.
Most students use it for fun and not for homework.
The answers about watching TV were also interesting.
It's too bad.
It's good to relax by using the internet or watching TV, but we think the best to relax is through exercise.
It's healthy for us.
He is famous for the song called The Yellow River.
He wrote it in 1939.
He was born in Macao, China,1905.
But he died when he was 40, 1945.
He was called the People's Musician.
Because he usually used traditional Chinese music.
When he was very young , he studied in Paris.
As we all recognize, writing is one of the most important things for student to improve their English.
Then what should you pay attention to is unquestionably a problem.
Nevertheless I intend that we should pay due attention to spelling.
Today, quite a few students treat spelling with indifference in learning English.
Students would like to pay more attention to article's genre, diction and syntax.
I always hear some teachers say:  With the exception of some spelling mistakes, the composition is fairly good.
I deduce two reasons for this phenomenon : First, as for the Chinese students, English spelling presents special difficulties.
So they do not like to spend too much time reciting words.
Second, it is a challenge to distinguish the similar words.
In this case, a good way to avoid spelling problem is to memorize more, write more and practice more.
I suppose that checking and marking spelling mistakes is necessary when you finish it.
It is an extremely good habit to improve this situation.
It is widely noted that traditional culture is disappearing along with the development of technology.
A number of reasons are responsible for this.
First of all, the traditional culture has not get enough attention.
Some people even don't realize what is the traditional culture.
Secondly, most of the people as for traditional culture have misunderstood.
They believe that traditional culture must be stand for the out of date skills and feudalism which a wrong mind.
As far as I am concerned, the traditional culture already less and less, we should pay more attentions to traditional culture.
My parents are farmers.
So they have a strong impact on me.
l respect parent very much.
My parents experience tell me that if you want to get what you want do it by making your geart efforts.
From my point of view, virtual college will not replace the current system of higher education.
The current system of higher education play an important role to a certain extent.
The traditional school will never go away.
Many students need to learn many things from teachers face to face, they can learn more quickly and easily in this way.
All in all, students should not study on the Internet entirely.
Aithough the Internet and the virtual college is playing a more and more important part with the development of society, they also have dreadful aspects.
For example, they make people communicate less and stay at home.
The virtual college can support us success, but the current system of higher education is also necessary.
Nowadays, there is a heated debate about to be a small fish in a big pond or a big fish in a small pond.
Those in favor of it insists that a small fish in a big pond is good for their development.
They not only can learn more about the world, but also can adapt to the competition well.
What  s more , big companies have more study space.
Last but not least , they also have a bigger space to play.
However they believe that a big fish in a small pond is wonderful.
Firstly, they are leader, so they can leader to more people.
This can make them satisfied with the circumstance.
Secondly, they have more free space .
As for as I am concerned, I want to be a small fish in a big pond.
As the old saying that goes  It is never too old to learn  .
I can learn more about in the modern society, in which we require a sense of competition.
Technology is core of a country.
people.
Sometimes, it also takes us some problem.
With the develop of technology, we can learn some perfect things from productions of technology.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large export order.
People whose foreign language is bad.
The courses will start at 3:00pm in the conference room.
Forget about forgetting an injury.
That's not always possible and maybe at time not even desirable.
All the great thing must from confidence.
There is no doubt that confidence can make you succeed.
Well, there is an old saying that confidence from great ability.
equip you with knowledge.
So, you must try your best to study hard.
All in all, confidence is very important to everyday.
The clear sky promisses fine weather.
As the saying goes, There is no certainty, only opportunity.
When I saw that one of the AIDS patient of pictures, I was very shocked.
It is difficult to think of there are so many people are suffering from pain.
This is a lot of people are unexpected.
Then I feel sad.
It is thought-provoking and we often come to realize how weak life.
And now I deeply felt a kind of powerlessness.
It makes me feel frustrated.
And if you lost in charge, our school will pay the bill.
If you do not think it is bright enough, then please do something to make it brighter.
The world culture is aconsist of diffience nation and diffience country cultural .
China economy develop is not depart from the world, they are intimate connection.
The western country is consider that our country is coloful, extensive and profund, and the source is so long .
Enter to 21 centry, with the development of the economy, our country economy strengthen is rise.
The minster Dengxiaoping who carry out the reform development policy.
Since that, the China go out and achieve the well-off society.
So, we are learning a lesson.
It\'s necessary to communicate with neighbouring country, it contribution to our country develop.
Inheirt and uphold the traditional virues is our duty.
Nowday, required class attendance is very common at college and university.
Most people accept it.
They think it's a necessary policy to ensure the normal teaching order and create a good study atmosphere.
The most important is it can urge those students who lack self-control.
However, some others do not agree this.
In their opinion, rigid attendance policies do not benefit students'studies.
As far as I am concerned, I am in favor the latter opinion.
Required class attendance may secure one hundred percent attendance for a class, bue it does not make much sense.
A student may never be absent in a course, but who knows whether or not he is just sitting there daydreaming all the time.
In the modern society, more and more parents make decision for their children instead of themselves.
They don't believe their children have ability to solve problems independently.
And they won't to give children a wonderful life.
A part of parents spend too much time paying attention to their children's life.
They try to determine and disturb their children's future.
But it isn't a good behavior for children, which has a bad effect on children's future.
First of all, children have their own thought, parents should respect them.
If you always negate their choice, they will become shy and be afraid of expressing their ideas later on.
They are supposed to have a happy childhood.
Parents don't have rights to prevent children's interest.
Sencondly, It's important for children to learn how to responsibility.
Children are so young that they lack of experience.
As a result, they may make a wrong choice.
Prents have better not obstruct them.
It will be a better lesson for children than parents' simply preach.
They will learn more from their mistakes.
Besides, Children will grow up and leave theie parents.
They will face to difficulties and deal with them by themselves in the future.
If only their thought will not cause dangerous or can't be imagined result , parents don't have to prevent them .
The New Britain Museum of American Art is an art museum in New Britain, Connecticut.
Now, on a college campus to be late, truancy is a common phenomenon .
Because some students often play computer game and sleeping in the dormitory inside .
Aslo some students often go out to play .
Ensure that students of university education of the importance of attendance .
should focus on students' education .
Don't be late left early and absent from class .
It can help us understand very knowledge .
The campus and students pursue brand in the university.
For this phenomenon, many people against it.
However, in my opinion, I am so agree it .
Because it can improve students' view of value.
It can also allow them to pursue better things.
Therefore, In order to get the better things, they will be more efforts and make themselves become more outstanding.
So in this case, this phenomenon will bring positive influence to students.
On the contrary, if the students form the psychological treatment, it would bring them bad influence.
In short, the situation has advantages and disadvantages.
But it depends on the attitude of students.
Some people think that high school students should get online frequently.
The reasons are as follows.
In the first place, getting online can get knowledge and broaden their horizons.
Secondly, high school students can communicate with their friends and share their favourite things.
Finally, getting online can relax themselves.
However, some people hold a different opinion .
On the one hand, it is bad for eyes.
On the other hands, they may lose themselves in chatting and games.
Valentine's Day is becoming more and more popular all over the world recently years.
This fesital was set up to the memory of Saint Valentine, who was died on 14th , Februaly.
However, there are many legends of Valentine.
One story suggest that Valentine may have been killed for attempting to help Churstians escape harsh Roman prisons where they were often beaten and tortured.
Unfortunately, he failed and was arrested.
While in prison, he cured the blindness of the warden's daughter, who visited him during his confinement.
Before his death, it is alleged that he wrote her an letter, which he signed  From your Valentine, an expression that is still used today.
Although the true behine the Valentine is murky, the story certainly emphasize his appeal as a sympathetic, heroic, and, most importantly, romantic figure.
Different countrier and different time have different customs to celebrate it.
In the time of Queen Vatoria, a person who want to marry his sweetheart would take off his left sock and wear it in right foot for 7 days before Valentine Day.
In Italy, people would stick love notes on the Juliet wall.
In addition, some of them would sing love songs to exptess their emotion face to face.
Now, the customs are changed.
People are more willing to send rose or chocolate in western Europe as well as America.
What's more, different quantity of rose have different meanings.
If you only send one rose, it suggest that you will devote yourself to your love; If you send 99 roses, it infers that you want to stay together with your sweetheart forever.
Fatigue is one of the most common complaints brought to doctors, friends, and relatives.
Actually, the cause of morden-day fatigue are diverse and only rarely relate to excessive physical exertion.
There are three main categories of fatigue, physical, pathological, psychological.
For the fist one, the cure is simple and fast: you rest.
But for the second, you should have a through physical checkup.
If you really want to solve these problems, just begun from diet.
For peak energy in the morning, be sure to eat a proper breakfast, low in surger and faily high in protein, Regular conditioning exercise, help you to resist fatigue by increasing your body's ability to handle more of a work load.
If you know you're tired, get to bed earlier.
My most unforgettable experience was my childhood.
Whenever I remember it, a smile is on my face.
To begin with, in my childhood, my achievement was very great in school.
Classmates and teachers liked me.
My parents liked me.
They believed I was a smart and diligent girl.
They respected and admired me.
I felt very proud.
When other students had problems of study.
I always could assist them.
So I have made many friends.
Meanwhile I took part in various competitions and contests, of course, I won many prizes.
Second, in childhood, I have little pressure.
I need not do a lot of homework.
I have much time to play, to watch TV.
My parents cooked meals for me and washed my clothes.
I need not worry about them.
In addition, my parents always gave me much pocket money.
But now, I must face a lot of pressure.
First, work, finding a job is easy, however, hunting for a proper job is rather difficult.
So I have to study hard and do much exercise whenever it is.
I seldom have leisure time.
For example, I must look after my parents.
I should give them pocket money every month, not giving me any more.
I must support me.
So money is very important for me.
In fact, our pressures will be increasing with our growing up.
Finally, I miss my childhood forever.
My name is Z.
l have a handsome father, a kind mother , a lovely sister .
What is more.
I Will make full use of everyday.
Nowadays, the number of students taking the online courses is very increasing.
Computers are playing an increasingly important role in our daily life .
conveniently.
Teachers will use computer to evaluate and help their students.
All those make learning easier for everyone at any time and at any place .
But when i took the online course , i found it not as good as others think.
In fact , i could not draw my attention to my course well , because of the computer games.
My name is S, and my English name is Sam.
Now, I am a staff in a supermaket called OuShang.
It was I love my work.
After work, i will listen music to relax myself.
But sometimes I would make m y teacher angry, for example, o nce I ate candies in her class, .
I n 2010, , I came to Beijing, a modern city where I began my college life.
We learnt knowledge together.
They understand my feelings, they love me very much.
T hey would always cook my favourite foods and meet all my requests if I worked hard in my school.
But I really hope they were live now.
In my hometown, we have some t important custome, for example, after the Spring Festival, some people would sing and dance from a village to another, many people would watch in a circle and applaud loudly.
W e played cards and watched TV together.
So I always played with some little children.
Now I am studying English in Z.
At my free time, I often go to some interest places with my roommates, such as Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall, Wangfujing Street.
Most of my classmates think that high school students get online can broaden our horizons.
We can learn a lot of things on the Internet.
We can share our happyness with our friends and chat with them as well.
On the other hand, we can play games on the computer for we can relax ourselves.
But in my opinion, computers is bad for us.
Our eyes will be more and more bad through we get online.
And teenagers can not control theirselves.
They always fall in games and chatting.
Anyway, the Internet is bad for us.
But if we use it in correct ways.
The dog is man's most loyal friend.
As you know, I was admitted to my dream university and now I am studying in it, which makes me very excited.
As a result, there is a great demand for us to read a great deal of books.
And what we may as well read really counts.
Books, in my opinion, vary in different aspects.
Some books are to be digested, some to be tasted and some only need to take a bit.
As for me, I am fond of architecture and literature, so I will introduce the books, like  Mies in America  (written by Phyllis Lambert)and  WEST MEETS EAST - MIES VAN DER ROHE  (written by Werner Blaster), to the lovers of architecture.
All in all, university students actually need to read many kinds of books, such as books about religion, art, psychology etc.
Reading is a rewarding experience for us and the more we read, the wiser we will be.
I'd love to share my experiences with you.
I'm L, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
This is the first time that you have came to china, so keep an eye on the temperature and have a healthy diet is necessay.
As a consequence of the different culture between China and America, the life there may trouble you in some aspects.
If you want to ask somebody for help about the problem, the student in our class can give you a valuable heip.
They are warmhearted and ready to give a helping hand to you.
Time permitting, we expect to hold a cultural communication, in order to improve our language level, acquire knowledge broaden our horrizons from different culture.
I really wanted to travel to HongKong.
Beijing education authorities recently announced plans to reduce the points for the English portion of the college entrance examination from 150 to 100.
Those in favour of the change hope that it will spark a positive shift in priorities and students will focus more on their Chinese language skills.
Personally, I disapprove of this change.
It goes without saying that students will pay less attention to English because of it.
As China plays a key role in today's globalized economy, English proficiency is no longer a bonus; it's a necessity.
Living in an international city, we cannot help some foreigners without fluent English.
To sum up, what motivates us to learn English is not only to deal with the exam, but also to become qualified global citizens.
When it comes to hero, people generally think they must have some power of mysterious, like the green arrow, the Flash, the Spider-man.
As far as Zam Concered, everyone can be a hero, just like the four ordinary people, they don't have superpowers, they are ordinary people, they have family, have child, have a work and have a ordinary heart.
They are good fathers.
Mabe that day like as usual they took a flight; and do something they have to do, but something happened to the flight.
But they did unusually things after the flight crashes.
For example, Lenny Skutnik jumping into the water to drag an injured woman to shore and the man who passed the lifeline on to anther passengers when they lowered a lifeline and flotetion ring to him.
This is a great and touched action.
He could have survied, but what makes him do such a hard to understand things even if risk his life.
Like the Lenny Skutnik said: It's something I never thought I would do but the fact is he really did it.
I think when the disasters happened, he realized somebody had to stand out and somebody had to go in the water.
Yet whatever moved these men to challenge death on behalf of their fellows is not peculiar to them.
Everyone feels the possibility in himself.
The college is so different from the imagine of us.
L don't have much leisur time on campus.
The homework as much as that in our High School and it's more difficult than before.
The leisure time is so little that it becomes precious.
When I pick it up, I nearly forget all the things, I just remember the soft sunshine and comfortable air of summer.
Some of my staff should train the foreign language, because of the export order.
The people who in charge of the order should attend the training.
The courses will start at 9 o'clock on 30th October in the meeting room.
I'm very glad to invite you to see the concert with me.
It is a very celebrated concert for youth which has been played by Back Stree Boy in many campus.
If you want to go please call me.
I will wait for you at the library gate at 6:30pm on sunday.
During World War II, Winston Churchill was a well-known and influential Prime Minister .
Besides, he was also endowed with reputation as one of the greatest orators of the twentieth century.
From the text Speech on Hitler's Invasion of the U.
R  , we can learn some stylistic features of churchill's speech .
In the following passages, I will analyse the stylistic features of Churchill's speech from two aspects.
First, as we know, in order to catching up their listener's attention in an arresting string of sounds, churchill enhance the impact of his words and ideas.
In fact, he was a master of this technique .
For example:  we shall fight him by hand, we shall fight him by sea, we shall fight him in the air.
In this part , the poetic rhythm and flow of the language can easily claim our attention.
What's more , churchill's speeches contains the lexical features.
Firstly, Churchill was favors on short and homely words .
A good public speaker should let the language which in his speech be immediately accessible to the audience's comprehension .
For example, 'I see them guarding the fields which their fathers have tilled from time immemorial.
I see them guarding their homes where mothers and wives pray.
Generally speaking.
as a successful speaker.
Churchill demonstrates qualities of logic thought, forceful and beautiful language in his public speech．His eloquent speech.
which takes the feature of prose.
I'm so glad that i have some leisure time on campus when i can pursue my hobbies.
I spend most of my extra time traveling , reading, talking on the lnternet with my best friend who is in Beijing, talking and shopping with my real life friends.
I can really relax myself and breath fresh air at this time.
Especially i feel sad.
Moreover, i also take part in lots of socities to make friends and learn other knowledge.
There i will get along well with them.
The most important i can get much happiness.
Ultimately, i sincerely said: without leisure-time hoppy, it's hard to get really happiness and abilities for me.
Love is like something in our lives we experience an emotion which defies definition, meanwhile, marriage is also defies the description.
As regards a boyfriend, most of girl students suppose personality is the most important factors, it's take up 31%.
Nowadays personality is really a popular part in our life.27% of them look for boy's abilities.14% of them suppose appearance is important, however, I really don't think so.
And 17%of them look for common interest and goals.
As for a happy life,68.2%of girl students suppose that marriage and family is the most important aspect, this is also the most common views.19.7%of them suppose career is indispensable, because is the guarantee to a stable life.
And only 9.1%of them look for money directly.
In my opinion, all of these factors have an effect.
First, if we go out, please take a bus or go there by bike because it can help us to save a lot of energy.
Third, when we leave a room, please turn off the lights.
There is a serious sexual imbalance in different subjects in universities nowadays.
Therefore, some people come up with an idea that the number of male and female students should be same in every subject.
First of all, the gender, to some degree, decides different abilities between males and females.
Most of us know the truth that males are good at logic, science and physics while females are talent about linguistics and liberal art.
As an illustration, the great mass of male teachers teach logic, architecture and math.
However, many female teachers teach linguistics and literature.
What's more, males are stronger than females so they can do some manual work but females cannot, such as workers on the construction plant.
Students should choose subjects that they are really interested in and schools can't make arrangements for them.
Provided that schools use force to plan students' subjects, some students will not go to classes because they dislike the lessons and the rest of the students will take classes in a careless way.
Last but not least, some special subjects have strict sexual requirements.
Although some of us would not like to admit this, companies or governments have sexual requests even sexual discrimination.
A case in point is that some companies often add some extra conditions when they recruit employees, for example, these positions are only available for male(female)  .
All in all, I disagree the opinion that universities should accept the same number of male and female students in every subject.
One of my favourite books is The Lost World, by the famous writer Arthur Conan Doyle.
It tells some breathtaking stories about a reporter named Malone, and his companions Summerlee and Challenger, the two professors.
He is so hot-head that he intends to do something crazier than giving report.
Luckily, he gets a chance to do an interview on a scientific meeting, which is giving by Professor Challenger, who insists there is a lost world on the Earth.
At last, Challenger decides to let Summerlee see the lost world by himself.
That's how Malone gets another big chance to be famous.
Lord also takes part in the group as an explorer.
My favourite part of the book is when the four of them stuck at the foot of the plateau.
However, they need to climb up.
So they have to discuss a way.
Challenger finds that they can cut down a tree which grows at the edge of the cliff.
The Lost World is a great book.
I read it for the first time when I was ten.
It is not only an adventure story but also a philosophy book.
Conan Doyle describes the types of dinosaurs and the unknown creatures.
It shows people how they think about the magic nature world.
It is full of professional knowledge of creature and science.
It is even been act as an exciting and full of imagination of the adventures of exploring new things.
E-book is a production of times.
On the one hand, it is indeed a convenient way to obtain the latest works from the internet.
What you should do is just to click the mouse and you will get the literature works you want .
For this aspect, people who is lazy can reduce much troubles.
On the other hand, long times spend on reading online will be harmful to our eyes .
It is obviously that radiation from machines do great harm to our bodies.
As far as I am concerned, people, especially, us students had better to use the real books for our reading matter.
First , reading books can make us calm.
When you read books, you will have a concrete feeling.
Second, real books have less print mistakes than e-book .
So readers will not misled by it.
Finally, some content of e-books may be pirate .
As some businessmen want to get more illegal profit, they just plagiarize ohters works.
I have been China for days to join in the Experience China activity.
It's not neccessary for you to worry about me.
Chinese family living with me makes me relaxed.
First of all, I had some friends who study with me and do some sports with me.
It was really kind of them.
And then, I had a visit to many scenic spots and historic sites of Beijing, and it was all geart.
Peking Opera made me intesest.
The most attractive thing for me was tasting Chinese food.
Surely, I also learned about Chinese history from local people.
What's more, I was on time for Spring Festival.
Above all, I love the life here.
Although leaves are die, we don't sad.
Before winter comes, the sky is blue.
Sometimes it's very clear with no wind.
And the setting sun is thin.
Before winter comes, my life is fun.
When I tired, I always listen the voice of rain, I also enjoy the autumn of leaves.
As college enrollment year after year, and the rising number of college students, a huge tremendous business opportunities of college travel consumer market is emerging, students travel market is becoming a new highlight of the Chinese travel market, so on the basic of the full research of the status quo on the college tourism market, according to its characteristics and prospects, and then establish the tourism market development strategies, it has a strong practical significance and a high economical value.
Undergraduate tourism market is a potential market which hasan urgent need to develop and improve.
As long as tourism enterprises based on the characteristics of undergraduate tourism market, taking the right development strategy and it will form a blowout  of undergraduates tourism boom.
When it comes to the leisure time , the ways people take advantage of it are different.
Some people suppose that it is important to use leisure time for activities that improve the mind, such as reading and doing word puzzles.
The reasons for it are as follows.
activities that improve the mind for a long time, he can copy with things in study or work better because his ability to think and create is improved.
Second, by doing these activities, one is less likely to be impetuous.
On the contrary, one is more likely to be in meditation.
However, some people feel that it is important to rest the mind during leisure time.
They believe that the rest of the mind insures the high working efficiency in that your mind is energetic after rest.
Besides, the rest of the mind can help people feel less nervous in the stressful society, which benefits the psychological health of people.
Great changes have taken place since you left.
When I was young.
My mother said when you started to walk , you are so careless and it is your father who paid more attention to you.
He was so patient .
No matter how busy he was, he would set aside some time teaching you, and showed more patience to you  The first time I learn how to ride a bike.
Tt was my father guide me.
He told me how to do to prevent falling.
I finally can ride a bike.
When I was in middle school.
My teacher was very angry with me when I did something wrong.
so my father should go to school and help freeing myself from that.
Now I am in university .
My father always give me free.
As far as I am concerned it is for me to do something myself.
So I want to find a job and light my father's work.
But I did not find any thing to do for myself.
so I suppose I was always depend on my father.
I want to be more excellent and do any thing myself.
So I should work extremely hard.
I'm quite satisfied with my college life, but there is still some room for improvement.
Recently, a reality talent show called the Voice of China has received a lot of praises and encouragement.
The judges sit on a chair which can turn round with pushing the red botton on its arm.
So this can guarantee that the judges wont't see the apperance of the singers until they turn round the chair, which means they appreciate him and want him to join their teams.
The moment more than one judeg turn round, the initiative comes to the singer.
In my opinion, the highlight of the talent show is the right which is owned by not only the judges but also the singers.
Obviously, it's true and fair.
The apperance won't disturb the choice of judges.
 There is a traditional concept that students should be required to do homework.
However, if everyone does the same homework, we will lack autonomous thinking, which doesn't benefit in our study.
You're a student.
Everyday you have a lot of homework, which makes you get tired of studying.
Therefore you suppose that one day you would have no homework so that you can have more time to do your own business.
Love of family is loving my mother and father, and siblings I have .
It's my life to live.
Lucy is an American who lives in New York.
She went for a trip to Beijing last week.
There were a lot of famous places in Beijing.
Lucy was very excited because she could learn a lot about China.
She took some photos and bought many things.
Lucy stayed in Beijing for four days and at last she flew back to New York.
As an old saying goes, Time flies days come and go.
There are two things I have always wanted to do--become Hacker and change the Electronic sports.
But I can't do it, the reasons can be list as follows.
important thing for me, so I have no time to do what I want to do.
On the other hand, my parents don't allowed me to play computer, they hope I can go to a good university.
In the past, I followed the wishes of their parents, Learning to learn.
First, I met a group of friends, one of them did I wanted to do and encouragements me.
Then when I was in senior Middle school, I entered a body art class.
The learning atmosphere made me did't want to learn anything and I learned didn't go to school.
Now, I enter university, there are many worth making and I think I can continue to my ideals.
The life was changed for me because all the friends can help me.
It's a self-reliant sort of life.
Influenced by the United States, some Chinese people tend to use tomorrow's money today.
Recently a Beijing information company did a survey of student life among more 700 students in Beijing, Guangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Shanghai, Wuhan, Nanjing and Shenyang.
The statistics show that 33 percent of students would like to use tomorrow's money today.
First of all, saving is the traditional virtue of Chinese nation since the ancient times.
There is no reason for us to drop the soul of our nation, so we can't do that and we never do that.
Secondly, saving money is a good habit.
On the contrary, spending tomorrow's money today makes people form a bad habit of throwing money into the air.
What's more, the most important point is that using tomorrow's money can't provide a real comfortable life for us.
According to the survey, some people would like to choose to spend tomorrow's money just in order to improve their living standards and enable them to live a happy and well-to-do life.
Nevertheless, we should know that premature consumption may bring with a series of debt problems and extremely terrible life.
Maybe one day, we will be in financial crisis like America, which is called superpower.
Today, using tomorrow's money, a consumption pattern, which comes from America, is being abandoned by themselves.
When i was one year old, I far away from my parents and arrived at my aunt home.
I don, t know why, they do not like me at all.
I can get homesick all the time.
Every night , I am awful of the heaver rain and the heaver windy.
Although , I knew my parents was extremely busy.
My name is R and my hometown is Y .
A family of five, l am youngest, my parent love me very much and my sisits often offer helps to me.
So in my home, I was very happness.
I have long black hair, big eyesand sweet smile.
I am 157cm tall and have a little fat .
In life, I look quiet , but I also like the sports: running , playing badminton and playing pingpong ball.
In the free time, I often go out to have fun with my family ormy friends.
Sometime, I like alone to listen sung, read books and watch TV that make my heart clam dowm.
In the future time , I will try to learn domain knowledge well, make more friends.
Next look for a good jod.
Because it is very friendly .
First of all, the government should strengthen management and improve the law to punish illegal food maker.
I have a happy family, and there are a lot of family.
They are to love me.
I can't hang out after school on school days.
When I was child, I must do my homework before supper, and I can't do this, can't do that.
The danger of things I can't do, even I can't swim, because my elder sister died of drowing.
I know they want to protect me.
Because a lot of people say that get along well with mother-in-law is very diffcult .
I can imagine that someday when we are in street and my friend meet us, she may say oh you looks like your sister  .
I will answer  she is just my mother-in-law.
She is friendly to me and my parents.
For my parents are friendly, I think the two families can ge along well with each other.
I always imagine such a scence that after my mother-in-law and I sitting together to watch TV after dinner.
She is kindly looking at me just like my mother.
My perfect mother-in-law must have some common habbies with me.
Therefore, we can become good friends.
I hope she is fashionable , not conservative.
My perfect mother-in-law is in good temper.
If my husband or I do somethings wrong, she can talk with us in patient.
We both like shopping and buy fashion beautiful clothes .
Now, there are so many kind of newspaper.
The newspaper born in Beijing.
It comes out every week.
It has many interesting thing on the newspaper.
It has five layouts.
The characteristics of newspaper is illustrated.
The one of newspaper'purposes is help students learn English word.
My name is L, Today I write the note to you that I am going home to visit my month, because my month was ill and stayed in hospital.
I am worried about my month's health and I want to look after her that I have to leave a week which is form fifth to eleventh of November.
I will give the e-mile sent by my brother and prove my word is true.
I was extremely frightened .
This time you should pay for the things you had done.
With the growing number of technology industries , many technical goods are spring .
Manypeople who like reading books use e-book.
E-book is becoming more and more popular among young people.
People who think that e-book is very good hold that e-book has three advantages.
Firstly, e-book is very nice and small.
People can read what they want when they are free.
People don't have to read so heavy books.
Secondly, with the development of Internet , people can know a lot of knowledge online.
Nowadays, information is very fast.
These original books are hard to meet people's requirements.
But if people use e-book, people can surf the net and find some useful information.
People can know a lot of information .
Thirdly, these original books are made from woods.
Neverthless, some people believe that e-book has some problems.
Firstly, because e-book is convenient, some people are addicted to it.
If they spend much time, they will have little time to do their works.
Secondly, there are many secret informations online, people's information can be known by others.
In a word, I believed that if people use it properly, e-book will be good for us.
The cartoon vividly mirrors one of the problems in our life that some young people underestimate the importance of learning basic skills in recent years.
As far as I am concerned, the basic skills as a stepping-stone to our success.
If we don't lay the stepping-stone step by step to a solid, the higher climb, the more pain we get.
In other words, no basic skills, no success.
In the era of talented people, the basic skill is so important to guide us to success.
Last year, I went to GuangXi in my summer holiday.
We went to GuiLin-a city of GuangXi with my parents.
We went there by plane.
When we get there, the mountains around us.
The second day, we visited XiangBishan, the shape of this mountain just like an elephant.
So people call it XiangBishan.
We took photos there and fed the birds.
The next day, we get to LiJiang.
We need take a boat so that we can visit the gorgeous sights.
I like there very much.
A common sight in modern society is that going to college can contribute to marriage felicity for the most part.
on the one hand, people that have access to higher education are showered with advanced thoughts.
Consequently, once their marriage is confronted with conflicts, they will be courageous enough to split up.
In ancient China, people, especially women, were wrapped in traditional ideology, which made them feel ashamed of breaking up with their spouses.
So they would rather remain intact even if they were abused by their counterparts.
Another compelling reason behind the phenomenon is that higher education endows people stronger ability of survival, especially women.
They are mentally and physically independent, so they don't have to be parasites on men.
Last but not least, the educated crowd who are exposed to higher education are more ambitious than those who are excluded from higher education.
They are much devoted to their career than to their family, which means they forget to make a tremendous commitment to the details of their daily life.
In conclusion, an advanced degree is no guarantee of a happy marriage.
So find time to be your spouse's friend and maintain it with mutual respect.
Now we are all college students and we have more relaxed , more different life.
Because of this, understanding what is crucial for us is necessary for everyone.
Some people believe that Academic Performance is still essential for college students.
On the one hand, college students still have lessons and examinations, so their main task is the study.
On the other hand, only passing the exam can we graduate.
However, other people don't think so.
In their opinion, Communication Ability is more essential than Academic performance.
Firstly, we have more chance to communicate with different people in the college, so Communication Ability is indispensable.
Secondly, in this society, we always need to express our ideas.
