Still, there is a value to respect which money can't buy.
Firstly.
Renting or buying a house is a common problem in our society today .
They believe that people should have a house where they marry raise a baby , or even die .
Especially for the youth .
Yunmenshan 421 meters above sea level.
Yunmenshan is 7.5 meters high, 3.7 meters wide.
First of all, anxious and panic , due to the lack of structure .
Then they have to probe into their feelings and attitudes to each other with positive attitude.
My school is have four floor.
There are twelve classrooms on the first fioor.
There is a toilet on the first and forth floor.
This is second floor.
This is our third floor.
There is a scinntifie laboratory and nine classrooms.
Helping strangers has always been considered a treasured virtue of human kind, not only because we need help from others throughout all our life, but also because it brings us tremendous happines.
However, some consider that helping others can sometimes put us to trouble.
In my opinion, we should still try our best to help strangers.
On the one hand, everyone needs help from others.
No matter when one travels to others places or stays at home, it is hard to imagine how a man can live without the help of strangers, because nearly everything he uses is made by others.
On the others hand, we take delight in helping others.
In a word, I contend that we should help others.
Nowadays, the issue of help strangers has triggered a heated discussion.
However, some people hold the opinion that helping others can put us in trouble.
As far as I am concerned , just as every coin has two sides, it is true to the above phenomenon.
In my opinion, we should still try our best to help strangers.
On the one hand, everyone needs help from others.
On the others hand, We feel great joy when we are trusted and needed by others.
In recent months, it is becoming increasingly common that lots of people opening a microblog.
It is not only including the stars, celebrities, but also government officials.
People using the microblog can get more and more information about live, news, and so on .
Some people would express their thoughts and ideas by writting them down in the microblogs rather than communicate with their friends or family members.
In my opinion, microblog is a good platfrom for people to express their personal experiences .
When I see the title , I am thinking about whom I write .
In the end , I decide to write myself .
I think it's an emotion belongs to love .
Such as bravery , patience and a little gentleness .
when it talk about bravery , I have never cried in public .
And no matter what happened , I always deal with it bravely and patiently .
As for gentleness , I hardly ever shout at anyone .
Recently, our class English teaching reform has become the group teaching.
Those who hold the first opinion think that the English studying in groups that is good.
In their view, English studying in groups can improve students' learning enthusiasm.
On the contrary, Those who hold the opposite view think that English studying in groups that is bad.
They argue that is not in accordance with their previous habits of learning English.
As far as I am concerned, I agree with the first opinion, First, English group learning can the learning enthusiasm of mine; Second, English syudying in groups can enhance communication among members, to promote students to friendship; The most important of all, We can learn English better and increase the English scores.
With the development of the internet, everyone accept a new way to making friends, communicating with others.
On cyber love can give many persons a sense of mystery, many people like this feelings.
gives us the happiness, have many friends.
In my opinion , I think, from through the Cyber Love , we can find the true love .
first feelings are very important, even it can have effects on the future.
Everyone has the power to look for the true love , when you intend to find it , you should pay more attentions, because each person has one true love only .
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
  My early failure made me even more hungry and determined.
Nowadays, many students at learning English don't pay attention to spelling.
They consider spelling is just writing, it has nothing to do with learning, woking and so on.
In my opinion, there are several seasons lead to this condition.
First, students are not take care of spelling which they think is little importance.
Secondly, with the develop of technology, more and more electronic products arise, in a way, it instead of spelling and reduce the chance of spelling.
In order to change this condition, as far as I'm concerned, it's the key to have a good attitude.
Meanwhile, pay more attention to spelling.
Soaring the number of spelling is also necessary.
Teacher in the class should require students.
As we all known, everybody needs his room to live.
For this reason, the price of houses that was built in the urban districts is more and more expensive.
In addition, the traffic jam becomes serious gradually.
Confronted with these problem, we can take effective measures to cope with problems.
On one hand, everyone should realize the results of these problems and change the attitude towards that.
Some people think: we are what we read.
No, I strongly disagree it.
I believe that it is the truth, the world will be peaceable.
Reading and practice, the practice is more important.
I firmly believe that practice is the best way learn.
In my opinion, we read the book for practice, someone may doubt why we read.
In order to succeed quickly.
In ancient times, there is a saying talking about strategy on paper.
we often say  what's learned from books was superficial of all.
Practice is the important way to learn.
There are some things you couldn't learn simply by reading and get it could be argued that they are the most important things to know.
As you can see from the above picture , the percentage of colleage students taking part time job increase rapidly.
First and all, stuents have more time and energy to do something except study than they were in junior high school and senior high school.
The second one is more and more undergraduates consider that it is not enough to accept knowledge all in paper , they should know more about the societies.
last but not least , some of student feel they have great deficit in money.
This is my first Eglish lesson, The teacher required our write a composition of my favorite way of learning.
I believe that the way of learning is different from everybody.
In the first, we have to learn to read more, such as, reading English materials every morning is a good habit and also helps a lot.
And then, reading more extracurricular books.
One the other hand, actively in class and outside activities, exchang students in English and flow.
It is commonly thought that our society had dramatically changed these recent years.
However, nowadays people tend to be very cautious of strangers, because they are afraid that helping others can sometimes bring them trouble.
Helping strangers used to be considered as a virtue, It goes without saying that after giving rose to others, fragrance remains with the hands.
To some extent, helping others is helping oneself even it may put us in danger.
Moreover, lending a hand to a stranger often puts us in a vulnerable position for it means trusting someone we do not even know.
I have noticed this special English writing teacher when she come into the classroom.
Intelligence and kindess are her feature.
It's interesting for us to listen her teaching.
She is very slim.
A big smile always on her face, and sometimes in order to increase the classroom atmosphere , she makes guesture to make us totally understand what she want to espress.
Although we have a wild laugh at that time.
we know how imperious that she eager to teach us all her about .
For this part, I am very moved.
I like her teaching method, analysising the sample of passage is enjoyable and worthful.
We know a turth that we only have a short term to get along with.
Making progress is our combined effects.
October 7th, many people were felt very worried, when they knew the great man Steve Jobs dead.
Steve Jobs was a CEO of the biggest mobile equipment provider Apple company.
He was chaperonage the Apple company develop.
I have an iPad2, what it was my father give me as my birthday gift.
Although I used my iPad often.
But I never was an apple fan.
Because.
the IOS(integrated office system of iPhone)isn't support software multi process very well.
On the other hand, apple product's industrial design was perfect.
Usually.
I used my iPad, who I felt so cool.
Whatever iPod iPhone or iPad, their aspect looked very nice.
Those were reasons for why apple product sought after.
Without a doubt Steve Jobs was a successful person.
Obama the president of the USA makes a statement for recall him.
My hometown is Beijing that it is capital of china.
Which is one of the ancient cities in china .
There are many famous wonders and beautiful spots.
such as the great wall, Tiananmen square, Beihai park and so on.
Beijing also the center of politics , economy and culture of our country .
In recent years .
More and more highways and tall buildings have been built up.
people's life get better and better.
I'm sure greater changes will take place in Beijing in the next few years.
Dream in vain on itself say very important.
One can have a lot of dream.
I have an ardent love for the dinosaurs.
I love them, because they are mysterious, violent and fierce.
The biggest carnivorous dinosaurs are Spinosaurus.
They are my favorite dinosaurs.
So, My dream is to be a paleontologist.
It can't make a lot of money, but it's my dream, I love it very much.
I want to learn English for different reasons.
I ever been one of top students in English in my class, which should owe to the kind and patient teaching way of my second teacher in my life who taught our English.
Then, at my senior school days, I wanted to know more vocabulary to understand the lyrics of some English songs and the lines of some movies, as a result of this , study harder and harder help me realize it, I didn't get a satisfy score in National College Entrance Exam.
Nowadays, There are exists an increasingly serious social problem that the mass prefer to compare ourselves with others from brand clothes to accomplishments.
When it comes to comparing, individuals are excited.
Maybe someone says that it can inspire ourselves to work hard.
There are some truth in both argument.
There are a number of reasons why I am not in favour of comparing ourselves with others .
Different people have different life.
And there is no ponit to compare ourselves with others .
what's more, it is likely that we do wrong things because we compare with others with sightless.
It is known to everyone that a university student sold his kidney to buy a iphone.
human always say that comparing ourselves with others insire ourselves to do our best.
Above all, it is not wise to compare ourselves with others .
It is essential that we should be ourselves.
Nowadays, online shopping has become a fashion in our life.
There is a growing tendency for people to select online shopping at home.
Online shopping has a lot of benefits, of which the most important is its convenience.
People can buy the goods they like in the internet.
Meanwhile, shopping online is time-saving, which needn't you to go out.
Every coin has two sides and online shopping is not an exception, it also has disadvantages.
Firstly, the products might be in poor quality because you just look at the products but don't recognize the quality of the products.
In a word, from what has been discussed above, I agree with online shopping although it has many problems.
Our Maths teacher always makes us read books by ourselves before we have a lesson.
As far as I'm concerned, it was a waste of time doing this homework.
The next day, the teacher's teaching speed was so fast that I couldn't take the notes clearly, despite the fact that I wrote as fast as I could.
While making a preparation, the other classmates thought the speed is seemly, and they had already understood all the context during the class.
Finally, we have a final examination.
My mark is so poor that I didn't pass the exam.
Through the investigation of persons age 25 and over.
We can do some summarize.
First of all, compared with those with comparatively lower education degree, people who have received higher education possess considerably wider knowledge, more remarkable learning and research ability, greater innovation and most of all, resourceful social network, all of which are essential to a high-income work.
This situation show us that educating is a worthy investment.
More and more Internet users in china find the fun Online shopping .
China Internet Network Information Center said that there are outnumber 87millions chinese online shopping first half of the year.
It means that there are one fourth of Internet users in China have been Online shopping.
Most of Online shoppers are students and white-collar workers aged 18-30 years, monthy income in 1000 yuan-3000 yuan.
The women Online shopping more than men.
Cloth and household products are the most of things by the Online shopping .
We estimate that the trend of Online shopping will be increase.
The moment I heard the news of new courses.
I made my choice to learn the Contemporary America  , because what the most urgent thing for me is to get a total concept of American society.
Form this cartoon given above, we can see there is a teacher and a student in the classroom.
The teacher gave the students a book.
But the student seemed to be nervous and reluctantly.
The teacher telled the student that Just think of it as if you are reading a long text-message.
This cartoon tells us that quite a few youngsters are reluctant to read literature nowadays.
In essence, because of the current network information is very developed.
Students always used internet to get the information.
They hold that, compared with long contents such as literature.
And the electronic communication tools becoming increasingly widespread, people often get the message such as QQ and microblogs.
More importantly, many students don't like reading literature.
For my opinion, reading literature is very important.
Our history culture is profound, we should read more literature to enrich our knowledge and expand our horizons.
In short, literature is indispensable in our life.
So most of us don't really know how to study by ourselves.
Also, the arrival of a dragonfly on the tip of his rod convinces him that there had been no years.
The only big change is an unfamiliar nervous sound of the outboard motors.
Years before the then British colony was returned to China in 1997, a number of senior Chinese leaders had assured the Hong Kong public that one person, one vote would be in its future.
in a comment in the official People's Daily newspaper in March 1993, Lu Ping, then the director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office, said: How Hong Kong develops its democracy in the future is entirely within the autonomy of Hong Kong.
In modern society, mobile phone plays an important role in people's life.
There is no doubt, This behavior will have bad effect.
First, when you use the telephone, you can't be concentrate on the study.
Therefore, when you need to make a call or send messages, You'd better go out of the room or lower your voice.
As can be seen in the picture, dad and son are talking about the problem of rubbish.
we always focus on the thing lasts a long time rather than a small thing around us.
If we always do things in that way, we should have succeeded, should have achieved th goal we aimed at.
In a word, we need to pay attention to do small things before undertaking something big likes the dad says.
We are very glad to inform you that shipment of the goods under S/C No.
S PEARL .
The goods will be transshipment by MAYFLOWER in Hong Kong.
It will be transaction by C&F.
I'm sorry to hear about your trouble.
You have two mistakes.
One is bad enough that you did not talk to her turth.
you will show your honest.
Your friend maybe did not be angry with you.
The other one.
You should not refused you friend.
In the world.
friend are impromtand for us.
Yesterday is your 40th birthday.
I went home to celebrate birthday to you.
I found your face are full of wrinkles.
Your long hair has become a short hair, you are no longer to dress up, you place all energy on me and our family.
In a word, everyone has their life to think the most important thing.
But he didn't discourage.
So, after a time of failure and injury they finally succeed.
By the example above we can see that an athlete's biggest mission is to win glory for the motherland.
Recently, our school newspaper will begin a part what about western life and culture in order to make us recognize more knowledge.
Here are some requirements about it.
First, you can talk about your life for your middle school, so that our classmates can know more about western life.
second, you could introduce a place where have great nature and can make persons happier.
What is more, your article should have 400 words at last.
We're glad to advice you that the goods in the project of our No.
J-29 sales confirmation, have loaded on S.
S Pearl , and it will be transported to S.
S May Flower in Hongkong .
The parrots are a kind of bird.
They can live for up to 50 years.
The parrots are bright enough to raise your spirits.
In my opinion, the parrots are really cute , it is nice to hold them in a cage, and it is wonderful for us to see them grow up.
Keeping parrots is not only good for us to become responsible person, but also we can learn how to care for others.
He is one of the world's most successful investors and the largest shareholder and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway.
He was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world during the first half of 2008, with an estimated net worth of $50.0 billion.
With a large amount of money, we can do almost anything we are interested in, such as helping the poor, investing real estates, buying luxurious goods, etc.
I think the course is very necessary to some of the staff, because our company has won a large oexported order.
People whose foreign is less poor .
In my view, I don't think so.
So, the one of obvious disadvangtages is that pictures can not express all the details consisitently.
Secondly, many people love more summarize imformations, but there are also some people were unqiue, they refuse to accept the second-hand imformations.
A word say  The comprehension of Hamlet varies from reader to reader.
Happiness is home to every day to eat the wife do meal .
The man said to work.
Happiness is a day watching children grew up a little .
The young mother said.
There are many reasons for this problem.
First, students attitude was wrong, they think spelling is not important, so they pay more attention to listening and reading.
But i think spelling is very important.
With the rapid development of economy, various of new technology were invented by people.
First of all, the cellphone is a kind of new technology.
It is great convenient for us to keep in touch by the mobile phone.
Finally, the television is necessary for every family.
People can watch moves and CCTV News on television.
Meanwhile, there is also widespread addiction to technological devices.
For instance, phubbing has been considered very harmful to relationships between people.
In this picture, we can see the young boy is worried about the disposing of nuclear waste.
  Means doing every major thing should do some minor things first.
In my opinion, every major thing is beginning with minor thing.
Many great people such as Rdison, his success was due to he constantly pay attention to every detail and every small thing.
Every his experiment, were stared by prepare the material and data.
As the saying goes, detail decides success or failure.
As for great or big things is built up countless small thing.
As we all know, a lot of people like to watch TV, the TV is an integral part of people's lives, but not the same as everyone watching television programs.
For me, my favorite TV show is comedy, especially Zhao's essay.
Usually very busy learning, but I still would have taken the time to look at his sketch.
Whenever, whenever I see him play skit, I read and feel so happy, laughing happily, you can temporarily forget learning life's troubles, feel relaxed taste.
In addition, I have fun at the same time, I also learned many useful life lessons.
As such, some of his sketches reaction undesirable social phenomena such as exists in the society, ironically danger to society, revealing the moral climate of society, to reflect the other side of the community.
I went to Yunnan Province with my parents to enjoy my summer vacation for the first trip.
I was there for five days when I was seven years old.
We set off from Tianjin to Dali by plane.
We went to Cangshan.
Where the scenery is beautiful, the environment is very good.
He can let me open my field of vision.
It's a controversial question, some people think that doing is more important than reading, and the right book is just an instrument of study.
But i don't think so.
When we are in the childhood, our partents and first teacher told us, the book is the ladder of human progress.
At very beginning, we know nothing about this world, so we read some children's book to know the differences between the beauty and the ugly.
With the time flies, we know a lot of real stories and the truth of every kind of things not only from our text book, but also our right extracurricular reading.
And these books give us energy and dream, and also give us a totally new world that waiting ourselies to search.
Every person has a beautiful imagination about future in his deep heart, and I believe that our first imagination is not from computer or TV, but from a right book.
Finding the right book at the right time can light an emotional spark within us that motivates us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
And the good books could lead you to see the colorful nature and exotic culture.
Dear Mr.
I'm L, an exchange student who accommodates at your home.
I'm sorry to teii you a truth that i left my English dictionary.
As far as I'm concerned, this is an important dictionary which is of great significance.
It is a value dictionary which was a gift from my English teacher.
She is a kind woman who comes from America.
At the same time, when I came to America, she provided lots of help to me.
when I had to come home, she send me a dictionary to encourage me to work hard.
I left my dictionary at my bookshelf in my bedroom.
Every year in China take civil service exams conducted at various levels in the hope of becoming go vernment employees.
At first, why have this phenomenon happened.
It's famoused that you will have relatively well paid and steady jobs if you become go vernment employee.
Especially at this social, we have more and more pressure about work and life.
For example this year More than 720 millions graduates from china and they will face the high employeement pressure, maybe many people can't find job.
What'more, though who is have a job marby fired out.
but, the vernment employee not only have steady jobs, but also have good paid.
Second, as far as i'm concerned about, this phenomenon is not good for graduates to obtain job, and will disturb ambition that Young man have it.
Third our governments should have some policy to deal with it.
There are most students study and live in college now.
But most students can not live better in college.
For example, they do not know how to live and study in here and just know relax themselves.
They have unhealthy habits.
Some college students usually go to bed later and are addicted to online games.
So they do not have enough energy to study in class.
And they ofen expend much beyond their ability.
This habit is harm for our health.
We can not focus on our study and we will have less time to do homework.
We will ignore friendship too.
We will forget to keep in touch with our friend, classmates and parents.
And eat junk food will make us fat.
We have to correct this bad habits.
First, we should arrange our own time to learning and entertainment.
We are still students, so study is the most important thing.
Secend, we should have a good eating habit and ensure a balance diet.
If we do, we will have a good body.
I'm very glad to hear from you.
My school life is different from you.
I usually get up at 6 o'clock.
I finish my breakfirst at about half pass six.
And then I take the bus to the school.
The school gate opening at 7o'clock.
The class begins at half pass seven.
We have eight subjects to study in a term.
And my favorite subject is English.
Because the teacher sxplains the grammar so clearly.
And she is a humorous person.
By the way, I think maths and physical are very difficult.
When I get home, I usually do my homework first.
And then, I go over my lesson.
On Friday, we have club activities at school.
And I take part in the movie and literature club.
I like watch movies very much.
This summer my mother and I went to Shan dong travel.
At the first day, we took the train, accompanying many friends, so I would not feel bored.
We played poker together, shared our stories and snacks.
In the afternoon, we took a big ship to go to long island.
I think it was really good.
Gentle sea breeze let a person feel comfortable and ease.
The sea was so rough that the pebbles were washed shiny.
That day, the sea of children was laughing and running.
The unforgettable trip brought me many wonderful memories.
Because it was a world i have never been to, and it was totally different from the middle school which i was familiar with.
First, We should be independent and have the courage to face the challenge.
Without the company of our parents, we would meet a lot of unexpected problems, but don't be afraid and complained.
We must confront the future with optimism and find the solutions to deal with them.
It is fantastic to stand on one's own feet but do not be shy to ask for help.
Second, We should set our own goal, commit to it, and try your best to make it come true.
And for this goal, you could take part in some school systems and activities to anneal yourself.
Third, We should be friendly and kind to others.
Communication ability is very important to establish the friendship between students, if your communication ability is very poor, you will be no good popularity.
Second, communication capability reflects your language-expressing ability , if your language expression ability is very poor , it will give people bad impression.
Last but not least, if your communication ability is very good, you will make more friends, have more chances.
Everyone has his most beautiful dream.
When I grow up, I want to be a singer, because I like music very much.
I like the sound of piano as water.
I love guitar dynamic melody.
I can sing and dance, too.
I think it's very interesting and fine.
When I grow up, I want to be an actress.
I will try my best to practice singing, and learn how to show.
I believe that one day, I can realize my dream.
In my opinion, there is much love around me.
For example, my mum looks after me carefully and faithfully, and my dad gives me a chance to study as well as a warm house to live in.
I have lots of excitement because of the love from my parents.
I feel lucky and comfortable so that I want to show the love to others.
I will be friendly to everyone and give some money to the poor.
And I think a good friend --just like Lucy is like a book--You don't need a lot of them as long as she is good.
For the impact of global warming and I think there are positive and negative.
also produces carbon dioxide conducive to the photosynthesis of plants, promote the growth of the plant is conducive to improving the environment.
On the other hand, global warming causes drought degree and is not conducive to the growth of animal, such as the polor bear foraging period shorten increasing survival pressure.
In the face of global warming, we should take corresponding measures to reduce its negative impact.
However, others donot agree it.
I miss you very much.
key universities in China.
ought not to limit ourselves to our majors.
releated to physics, maths and chemistry.
Second, literary and art are good choices.
As the fruits of human beings, they can teach us how to think how to act and how to become an excellent figure.
When you read Jane eyre and Gone with the wind, you will be impressed by thier self-esteem and equality.
Besides, as we all know, current society is full of money and computers.
Above all, we should choose books that interest us.
Actually, each of us can choose to be a hero .
A hero can be an ordinary person , he may also live in daily routine .
But he would always help others when faced with problems .
I think the most important thing is the courage .
Last but not least, he must has the sense of justice.
My mother and I decided to go to Beidaihe today.
We wanted to take the train to the Beidaihe from six o'clock to nine o'clock.
In the morning, we played games in the beach and it was interesting.
The beach was very hot and the weather was sunny and hot.
In the restaurant, we ate lunch.
Then we took quite a few photos for the Beidaihe.
we go to Nandaihe by the sea.
The new study show that more than one half of Chinese students have low motivation in studying.
Collage students should have studied very hard.
I think there have something caused it.
First, the examination-oriented education system plays an important role in it.
As we all know, Chinese students had faced a lot pressure of enter a higher school before collage.
But when they go to collage the pressure have reduced a lot.
When it comes to study, most collage students believe that they not should study hard, because the campus life is free.
Second, collage students are facing great employment pressure.
So that they pay more attention to find a part-time job.
On campus, many students are very poor in studying.
The phenomenon is that most students think that University live is full of relaxing.
The students not to play is to fall in love, from start to finish book is a little notes all didn't.
Eyes do speak, don't face others usually shows that you feel very inferiority, feel guilty, etc.
However, it is a tragic illusion that we can defend life by taking life .
Everyone is born equal and has no rights to take away the other's life .
Firstly, the government should support the poor families .
Secondly, the social organizations and families should show their love to each other .
We are busy with studies from Monday to Friday Inschool.
With the vacation coming, we have more free time to spend.
As for me, i usually take exercise to keep fit, have entertainment to relax myself.
When i am at home, i always do chores to help my parents.
This all what i do at weekend.
Everyone has a dream.
Some want to be doctors, others want to be scientists.
My dream is to become a teacher.
A good teacher can teach the students lot of knowledge.
Ther are very great.
They work day ang day.
Wheny you have troubles in studying, they will try their best to help you.
So I would like to be a teachr.
I know it is not easy to be a teacher.
But I am determined to study hard.
Along with development of societySociety need more ana more different talents.
But a lots of works does not have satisfactory treatment.
The civil servant give this peoson hopes.
On this issue , different people have different views.
Some people think this phenomenon can help government get better talents.
It will make our government help people do more and more good things.
But others people think this phenomenon will make more and more people do not care they work, them spent too much attention to this phenomenon.
As far as I am concerned, I think this phenomenon really lnfluence some people to choice of employment.
Because civil servant treatment was better than other companys, and civil servant was more and more stable operation than other companys.
Some classmates thought that high school students should get online frequently.
I agree with them.
We thought that we can learn more knowledge and broaden our horizons by getting online.
We can talk with their friends and share some interesting things with them.
Some classmates thought that high school students shouldn't get online frequently.
Because it's does harm to our eyes if we spend too much time getting online.
They thought that students may spend too much time chatting and playing games online.
I think that getting online is good for us.
But we shouldn't spend too much time on it.
Some people think that reading to be extensirely.
I think selective reading or have read.
We should read some interesting books.
Because too many books, We can not all read the.
As to read some interesting books.
SO wo save a lot of time.
Each person choose is not the same book.
They must grasp two cultures.
Mumbling, mumbling, mumbling.
As Victoria says, at home, everyone tells you how you should live your life.
As a proverb says, do in Rome as Rome does.
But, parents will persuade their kids to read some educational book or masterpiece.
Then, having a family party, make old people realize young people are growing up in a new modern way.
Last, we need to learn from other person's outstanding cultural view .
Athletics is extremely important in my life.
My favourite sport is playing basketball.
In the match we appreciate each other and get on very well.
Although play basketball will hurt us, we also intend to play basketball.
netwotk real-name became a hot topic in people's daily life.
extremely convenient that each other made friends .
information.
Real-name have a lot of advantages and disadvantages .
Advantage, It's in favour of communication.
In that real-name make each other no barriers, and can close the distance.
Though didn't see each other , feel very warm .
This is a sign of respect for others.
This also is a kind of trust .
Nowadays people hardly have time out of home.
They are nearly work all day.
Disadvantage, it is not safety .
Some people with others on the information on criminal behaivior.
As far as I'm concerned , real-name system is advisable.
corners of the country.
It make our view more open .
It make our life more rich and colorful.
This year is the 70 anniversary of the victory of the war of resistance.
So this year, the National Day is also particularly meaningful.
From small to large, I want to see the Chinese capital, Beijing.
The first day.
I went to the Beijing zoo.
I saw the kangaroos, giraffes, zebra, golden monkey.
and there are have all kinds of birds.
The most lovely or China's national treasure panda.
The second day.
I went to the Great Hall of the people.
Sun Zhongshan's picture was left in the square after the parade.
To Tiananmen I saw a lot of people to salute the flag.
On the third day.
I visited Peking University and Tsinghua University.
Beautiful environment, advanced equipment.
Out of the number of people who have contributed to the country.
Deng Jiaxian, modern Chinese mathematician Hua Luogeng, Ji Xianlin.
This is my holiday.
This trip made me see a lot of it.
we are the first students syudy on this campus, and it is in built.
The campus is small and has some probiem need to slove.
such as it's study buliding is too little and it has no gym to playing in.
This campus built in the university town, so after class there has a few things to play with our friends.
But the camups is being built, and the Huaiai goverment is plant to buil some hstores in the university town to improve the life of the university students.
And my university will built as a big and beautiful campuin the earlier feature.
I used to look forward to the Spring Festival because of the delicious food.
But now it different.
I don't expect so.
I want to have Spring Festival now because I can get together with my grandparents.
Although it isn't something difficult, my granny often cooks many kinds of food and waits for me.
Not only my granny, but also many parents or family members look forwards the birdnesting.
That's all I know about the local customs and practices.
The most famous and popular of all is jiaozi  .
They're called dumplings in English.
During Spring Festival, every family makes dumplings and eats them.
Then, when Chinese people finish eating dumplings, they will sit together, waiting for a TV program called  chunwan  .
It's a program like a large show for celebrating the Spring Festival.
And when it's 0 o'clock, everyone shout and dance for the Chinese New Year's coming.
That's my opinion of the Spring Festival.
Dear Mr.
I'm L and I was arrived at my home just now.
Unfortinite, I can't find my English dictionary when I tidy my bag.
It's really vital for me on account of it is be given from my favourite teacher.
And it can't buyin China.
I remmember the dictionary iwas been lost on book shelf in your house bedroom.can you send it to me?
SOHO lifestyle is becoming more and more popular in recent years.
As a result , more and more people concentrate on the lifestyle.
There are mang reasons that contribute to SOHO lifestyle .
First of all , the access to the Internet enables people to work at home because of the development of science and technology.
Secondly, people can have a well-balanced life by taking good care of both their jobs and their families which can give them a sense of safety.
What's more , people can concentrate on what they are doing without caring about complicated relationship with colleagues and supervisors .
Finally , SOHO lifestyle bring us more freedom and convenience.
I have a dream, My English is no good, so, I want to learn English well in two year in college.
Firstly, interest is the best teacher.
I want to improve my interest in English.
Back some words everyday and will not make students teach me.
Secondly, I will hear some about English articles and watch some TV dream to improve my speaking and listening.
The last, practice make perfect.
I need more practice English.
Nothing would be difficult with practice.
I can see the word everyday before go to sleep.
All in all, there is no fast way to learn English well, except work hard.
l believe the curiosity is vatally important in life.
its influence and contribution are significant.
To develoop the curiosity, First, We should hold the ourselves views toughly ranther than chase others steps.
Second, it is important to us to consider the minute questions deeply.
The curiosity is born of our birth, nobady can ont limit it.
Curiosity can maintain patience.
l believe that more or less we demand patience to master something.
The curiosity is the sourse of the creativity.curiosity can be a driving force to motivate us.
When I go back to the college that I gratuated three years ago, I can not find a friend to chat.
Little by little, we become good friend.
In sparetime, we often play badminton and go shopping.
Icreasing people found the important of friendship.
For another , friendship is the catalyst of our daily life.
To begin with, people in online chat on QQ, MSN and also send micro blog.
In addition to that, the internet will change the relationship between every person.
Through their contact and dialgue they get the email and send email in free time.
Last, in the network it eased people of the burden and save money.
Whether learning or life, we all can not leave the internet.
It was created sensation that YaojiaXin killed a young woman on 20th, Oct,2010.
Yaojiaxin, who is the student of the Music College at Xi'an University, injured three people and a young woman was stabbed .
The families of accident victim screamed for YaojiaXin must be sentenced to death.
Perhaps it's said that a life for life, that's very fair.
But it's essential that some people depend on the rule of law, doing it above the law.
Only afraid of being sold by his father, he was not aiming at the victim, but he was completely repressed by his father for a long time to have an instinctive behavior of compressive.
Whereas the victim husband WangHui said, I insist on that Yao should be punished for murder, not only for paying with life, but also explain to peasant masses and national people  .
So an old saying  Kiss and tell  .
Another example is that MajiaJue killed people just because of some conflict.
As a result, he set foot on the corner, like a hurted hedgehog encasing itself immediately.
Yao's event is a social tragedy.
It's not an isolated incident and indicates that system and society occur some Neurotic disorders  .
If some problems happened about the law, it would tear up the social moral and human relations.
The other hand, this reflects a social and psychological.
Although it seems that make victims feel relieved for this sentence to death, the spectators tremble with fear.
As we all know that the television has embraced around the globe nowadays and there are 72 percent people obtaining news through the TV .
The newspaper usually would give a more careful and deeper analysis for an issue and we can scan the news at any time .
We have more time to think deeply when we glance over the newspaper, in this way we can improve our intelligence .
First impression is always the most improtant thing when you meet people .
Is to do good, to do to get youself, to get other people's things, want to have and share posture, want to have the spirit of willing to serve others.
Life cannot without moral standards, so we have the conscience.
A person's lifetime will experience a lot of things, get a lot, also will lose a lot, but we can never discard is conscience.
A man has no conscience will be spared by social, like WenQiang.
Our conscience must not be at a discount.
system.
We are happy to go out, but when we go to the bus station car, found next to a garbage can which has a bad smell.
Second.
Nowadays, it has become a fashion to shopping online.
For example, it is extremely convenient and comfortable for us that people don't waste a lot of time on shopping to select every kind of shops that they like.
All they need to do that is to sit in front of the computer to click the mouse.
Just as every sword has two blades.
One disadvantage is that the consumers can't see the goods, or try them on personally.
Switzerland is located in central Europe, covering an area of 41000 square kilometres.
The capital city of Swizerland is Berne.
Geneva, a famous country in the world is also in Switzerland.
On the other hand, Switzerland has beautiful scenery so that it is known as The garden of the world  .
It is generally agreed that Switzerland is a develop country.
Everyone has his favorite sport, and the reason he likes was also different, such as it can keep fit or it can support you P.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
My favourite teacher is the one who teaches us physics.
The reason why I like her classes is that she has her own special teaching method and it's said that she has just had a baby.
She is always enthusiastic even crazy in physics classes, as a result, our physics classes are usually active.
I think she really like teaching.
Once I was doing a experiment, and during the experiment I got some problems but I didn't know how to deal with them, so I could only think without doing anything.
At the moment my physics teacher, Mrs Guo, noticed me.
She walked to me, asking me whether I had got some problems then helped me with it very patiently.
Expert analyse said that the civil service exam hot is a result of the rise in the number of graduates since 2008 and a limited number of jobs, with the graduated students more and more, many universities graduated students have a difficult in finding a good job.
Many graduated students choice civil service exam have a lot of reasons.
Firstly, civil services are a stable job and has a steady income.
Secondly, civil services have a good environment in the job.
Thirdly, civil services have a good reputation and has a little pressure in the job.
Recently, the issue of the development of technology and traditional cultures has been brought into focus.
Generally, the strong point can be as follows.
First, the development of technology is vital to promote the progress of technology.
Traditional cultures are passed from our ancestors to us, including much valuable immaterial wealth.
People can benefit from them.
For example, during our traditional festivals, we can do some interesting things such as eating glue pudding at Lantern Festival, touching off the firecracker on Spring Festival.
All of us are very happy during traditional festivals.
To conclude, with the development of technology traditional cultures will not be lost, on the contrary it will make more advance in the future.
Hello , my name is Z .
I'm a confident gril .
My hometown is U province .
I'm fourth baby ofmy parents , l have two brother and one sister, they love me very much.
My favorite subject is Chinese and biology .
I like to play basketball but not good at it.
On weekend, Ioften go out have fun with my best friend or myself.
My dream is become a successes women and make enough money to give my parents a good life.
Additionally, l very excited tabout my college , .
ln college l will learn many things .
lt will be interest, have many chance to test my ability.
Nowadays, many kinds of TV PK shows attracts more and more young people devoted themselves in.
Some even dropped out of school to pursue their dream that to become a star.
This phenomenon lead to many kinds of attentions.
There are quite a number of people who think that these TV shows should be forbidden or change the form.
They also say that what a good TV show do is to let people learn something and then try to perfect themselves instead of misleading young people do what they should not have done.
In my opinion, I do not really like these shows for too many young people are addicted to these.
They can put away their parents , their classmates, even their whole family to achieve their so-called star dreams.
We all realize that language communication is extremely crucial between people.
As behavioral sciences develop, researchers find the importance of speech has been over estimated.
In many cases, We do use body language to communicate with others.
In some case, In terms of people sit down in peace and quiet.
You can know the body language they are using.
Therefore, all the time we should pay attention to our behavior of body language.
In my future I think something is difference from now.
Such as build cultural and lifestyle.
Maybe I will have difference life.
Maybe I will be living with my parents and a cat which is so smart.
And I will go to a university where is good at education and give my some help.
Maybe my lifestyle will be changed I will have a healthy lifestyle.
Lt just my future what I want to be.
Difference people have difference future.
My name is X.
First time when I come here.
I think here is very nice.
Everyday I could do everything what I like.
And in classes, teacher and student could study together.
I like palying computer game.
Simetime, I will also paly basketball.
Football is ok.
Now, I will start my new life.
Students have a chance to chooes what activities they could take part in.
When I was six years old I saw a cool magic show from my relatives.
It is the first time that I have been addicted to it.
As time goes by , my interest in magic slowly disappeared.
But I felt fortunate in finding such a club that I can go on finishing my dream.
After a term of joining school activity, I play a magic show in the New Year's party.
During the school activities, we can develop interests and ability.
This winter holiday, I went to Maldives in order to relax myself and prepare for the study next term.
I tried many fantastic activities.
I suppose that teenagers maybe like diving like me because it is exciting to see beautiful fish and corals.
First, you should stay away from the corals, for you will destroy them by mistake.
Secondly, it is such a bad habit to touch the benthos you see.
As we know, some of them will attack you if they think you want to hurt them.
It is also important to stay in the safe area.
In conclution, pay attention to the words your coach told you before you go diving.
Protect yourselves.
As the exchange centre of personal information on the stage of the Internet, blog becomes more and more popular.
People share their stories and thoughts with others through blog.
Blog can make a colorful life, and it can spread knowledge to others.
It also can develop interpersonal relationships.
It contributes to the development of society, policy, economy and culture.
However, blogs have some disadvantages nowadays.
Firstly, there are so many contents which are vulgar in blogs, which has influence on environment of the Internet.
Secondly, many things in blogs are false, which misleads people.
My name is X and i'm 16 years old .
I have a black shot hair and wear glasses.my skin is little black but i am not black.
I'm more outgoing than others, so i have a lot of frinds.
Taking the bus is better than walking.
One reason is that taking the bus is usually faster than walking.
Another reason is that working is so tired , because of the long distance.
The most important reason is that taking the bus is more relax than walking.
I can listen to the music in the bus to relieve the pressure so l would rather take the bus than walk.
so, I prefer to bus.
Recently, some surveys show that a number of college students download papers from the Internet to save the trouble of doing their assignments.
This kind of academic dishonesty is harmful to the students.
As we all know, it's dreadful for students to download papers from the Internet as their assignments.
The reasons are mainly as follows: Firstly, it will be unfriendly to our studies and we can't improve our grades.
Thus, we must take actions to prevent it.
Finally, teachers should emphasize the importance of doing assignments by themselves.
All in all, it's wise for students to do assignments by themselves for downloading the papers from the Internet as assignment is detrimental to our studies.
I have many friends.
But one of them is Tao yinzhi.
First of all, we have to change our attitude about square dancing.
People, especially the old, they have the rights to join some activities that can build up their body.
What's more, the activities like square dancing can be a good reason for those lonely people to get the happiness because of the communication with others, which is a wonderful way to solve the problem that more and more old people are being left, living alone.
People should have freedom, for the rights of being a man, but freedom also should taken with rules, otherwise this world will out of order.
In this way, square dancing needs to change, the government should take responsibility for it's disturbing troubles.
But as the saying goes, every coin has two sides, we also have to aware the benefits of square dancing, what we should do isn't just abandon, we got to make it become a activities that only have the positive side.
Including finance, taxation, administrative services and the corresponding policy support.
The British philosopher Whitehead said: in the middle school stage, the students who study; at the university stage, he needs to stand up to four -.
  This is the mind to the ancient sages, swan, painstaking in one's study, humiliated crotch, country boat to be sworn brothers, climb mountains, over the grass, to create a civilized China; see our students, can not be afraid of difficulty, abdominal homes, extreme pettiness of character, because of personal desires, bubble net, the unworthy of the field, a time of national peace and order.
I often image what my life will be like in the future.
I wonder if I will be a busy assistant in a big firm and will always be busy with everything.
Although I may be so busy, I also want to live with my family and I think family must come first.
I prefer a healthy lifestyle, so I want to have some spare time every morning to run in the parks.
All in all, I want a bright and happy future.
It is a man's duty that creativeness and a creative attitude to life rather than his right.
Generally speaking, creative thinking depends on human creativity, which reflects people's thinking.
Even though they have their own content and features, this is a perfect unity.
Creation is started from the existing things.
A gifted artist or a thinker will change the material of the hand into a kind of new creative lasting value.
This is what we think about the creativity.
As people say, if the ideas of others seem less coherent thoughts, you begin to find contact, then you are creative.
In today's society, more and more parents take care of almost everything concerned with their children.
In the first place, parents should give their children the freedom to make choices for themselves.
It can give their children more space.
In addition to this, parents should teach their children some basic skills, such as clean their rooms as well as wash clothes.
To be independent is good for the children.
When I was in my middle school, I had a classmate who was not so excellent.
Not the most intelligent as she was, so industrious she was that she made twice efforts as much as other peers.
Unfortunatly, the scores disappointed her predominately.
Nevertheless she never abandoned it.
She firmly confided that efforts would be eventually paid off.
Ordinarily, after 23o'clock she quit learning.
Everyone appreciated her though she was desperately excellent as we expected.
Nevertheless now, she was the preferable student in a crucial institution.
Don't ignore the significance of diligence as it is of great importance.
With high income, they are not only satisfied with eating and clothing and some of them are willing to buy vehicles to make their life more convenient than before .
Nowadays so many College Students is lock social practice.
College student should take park in social practice.
Nowadays social practice has been more and more popular in universities and colleges.
The student should enter social.
Surely social practice has many advantages.
I think social practice can offer students a change to contact society.
In order to carry out social practice smoothly.
Students should first know its objective.
However, this phenomenon has aroused various side effects which need people to pay attention to.
These problems can be listed as follows: First of all, the urbanization indirectly leads to the poor economics matters, which deepen the gap between poor and rich grades to a large degree.
And then the second, it is getting more and more serious that many rural children can not get well carings due to the absence of their parents.
From my standpoint, the solution to the urbanization is to strengthen the economic power of our rurul areas.
In my opinion, a good teacher should be kind and patient.
And the first impression are said very important.
If the teacher have a good impression for students, I think students will love this subject.
And a good teacher should be amusing and interesting, that students can make fun in the class.
There are a few studens who make mistakes, a good teacher won't be angry with them but patience taught to them.
I don't think that a good teacher should be strict and unsmiling.
The most significant reason why I'm dreaming of being a pediatrician is that I think it will give me a sense of accomplishment if I can save people's lives by my unremitting efforts, especially the children's.
Furthermore, I feel it a great pleasure to get along with children because of their innocence.
To realize my dream, I will make a great effort to learn medical expertise.
Undoubtedly, only this is far from enough.
  I see the Russian soldiers .
. .
I see them guarding .
. .
I see the ten thousand.
I see advancing upon.
I see also the dull.
I see the German.
I see that small.
  The Russian danger is therefore our danger .
I do not comprehend.
Nonethelessin ancient China, no real equality between men and women.
Peolpe think that a boy to give birth to girls than good.
The boy can read books and make more useful things.
Nonetheless the girls cannot.
The girls only remainat home.
Today people demand the equal.
The girl's status has improved.
The girl can go to college reading.
They do not only stay at home.
They go out and play with boys.
The girls learn all kinds of technology into the company.
Women and men can become a national management personnel.
Nevertheless between men and women still no real equality.
Women still lag far behind men in top political and decision-making roles, a waste of talent given that their access to education and healthcare is nearly equal, the World Economic Forum said on Wednesday.
The man did some work to women have no way to do it.
Women do not have the strong than man.
But equality between the sexes is important.
In today's China, equality between men and women.
But not the absolute equality.
Mutual respect between men and women is the most important.
It is reported that recently in quite a few universities, some students hire cheaners to do their laundry every now and then.
People's opinions are quite different.
Some think that it's acceptable, but others disagree with it.
On the one hand, they are students not wage-earning class.
They don't have the ability to earn money to pay for it.
Every month, their parents have to give a lot of money to support them.
They are wasting money and increasing the financial burden of their parents.
A penny saved is apenny earned.
On the other hand, students should learn to look after themselves and form good character.
Do laundry is their duty.
If not , it's easy for them to become a lazy and bourgeois person.
In one word, college students shouldn't hire cleaners.
Although we injected fresh blood for our country, we are facing more and more difficult, like going to a school of a higher grade, taking up an occupation, more competitive the environment.
As time goes by, some people think we are prizes competition and demean cooperation, lack patience and perseverance easily discouraged, blind pursuit and desire fame.
But we are dare to challenge, rich creative idea and full of youthful spirit.
When it comes to meet, different peoplehave different answers.
Some people think that, we should shopping online.
On the one hand, online shopping is not only convient but also helpful for people.
We can buy something we need online easier than usual.
On the other hand, it is very fast.
Nowdays, we are busy studying, working and playing, so that we have less time to go out for shopping .
However, others hold opposite view that we should not shopping online.
They think that it is not enough safety.
We can not meet the goods face to face.
In opinion, each coin has two sides.
More and more people will be accustomed to it .
It will be more popular in our daily life.
There is a new phenomenon that some young people frequently change their jobs.
There are many reasons leading to job hopping.
Young people expect high degree of occupation.
They want a good office environment, high reward and a good Welfare.
But we all know that such a good job is not much.
And most young people want to do what they want to do.
For young people, I think it is not a good thing.
But you must know your abilities.
All thing starts from small, working from the basics.
The most important thing is the mentality.
You can learn more to be up to a tougher job.
And you should seek opportunities to voice our opinion in our post.
We should build confidence and interest.
We are planing a bus tour to Fenghuang.
And the particular time will be March,3rd.
Everyone wil meet at the school gate.
When his sons and grandsons heard this, they were very HAPPY to do this and answered,  You are right, we must take actions now.
My first trip place is America.
I went to there when I was twelve year old.
When I got there, I felt air is so fresh and streets is so clean.
American are enthusiastic and kind.
I visited the America's mountains, there are so wonder.
And the America's sea is so clear.
It was a nice day in summer vocation.
Before I woke up in the morning, mom and dad had already gone to work.
After the breakfast, I opened my notebook.
An idea suddenly came into my mind.
During the following time, I swept the floor, cleaned the window and did some washing.
It was exectly 12 o'clock when I finished all the above housework.
However, just as the old saying goes, every coin has tow sides, and so does keeping a notebook.
There still quite a few students develop a good habit of keeping a notebook, saying it's good for their study.
They explain that something which was memorized in their mind maybe will be forgotten one day, nevertheless, if they keep a notebook, they can have a browse through it at any time.
As far as I am concerned, I approve the latter.
The life of people without healthy, a heathy life is good to people.
Finally, to pay attention to the psychological balance.
I have ever stuyed at home by my self.
I as tweeks.
My parents were very worried about teaving me, they had to go away on business for afew days.
I likeed the games so much that Iplayed uatial midnight Howerer next morning .
Iwake up late and .
i could not hand in .
I very tried , so.
I don't Have adinner.
As for my opinion, the lonely life of aged people is poor.
I often wonder why this siutation always happen on our society.
A important reason is that people who is a son or a daughter won't carry out their duty to support their parents.
They always say that they are too busy to accompany with their parent.
Though sometimes they want to accompany with their parents , they have to earn a living to support their wife and childs.
So the aged people always live alone.
Their son and dauguter doesn't want to live with them, even chat with them.
Even though sometimes they falls down at home or they get injured, no one can give a favor for them include their son and dauguter.
So I hope more and more people should spend more time to accompany with their parents.
switzerland is a developed European country i want to visit all the time.
first, i will introduce the country to you.
switzerlan is located in the middle of europe with the population of 7.5 million people, and 41 thousand square kilometre in size.
berne is the capital city of switzerland.
what's more, geneva, one of the most famous cities of the world, is also situated in there.not only austria, but also farance italy are close to switzerlan as well as germany.
because of the beauty of its scenery, switzerlan is known as the garden of the world  .
l'm LiMing.
I'm writing to invite you to be a judge at our English speech contest.
It will be held in our school on April 15.
It will start at 1:00pm.
It is in the school auditorium.
It will spend three hours.
There are ten contestants join in.
If we can get your wonderful comment in the contest, it will be our students' honor.
The world becomes more colorful because of love.
This world is so rich and wonderful.
In now days, advertisements cannot be seen nowhere.
They are surrounding us wherever we are.
Generally speaking, advertisements must be original so that they can appeal to their consumers, which is the most important thing if bosses hope their products sell well.
As far as I am concerned, we should not decide whether to buy a thing only according by its advertisements.
There are many misdirections in advertisements that would affect your decision.
All in all, advertisements both have advantages and disadvantages.
That means that we should learn to find the real good feature and distinguish its misdirections.
Frankly speaking, when I saw the wonderful poem, a smile appeared on my face spontaneously.
However, I could't bear someone ate my plums without my permission, no matter how beautiful poem he can compose.
To pict out the thief, I sat in the table where everyone was assembled for dinner, pretending nothing had happened.
I bought a box of plums.
Though it looked good, some awful bugs were found inside.
  Even as the sound of my voice died away, Jack's face turned blue rapidly, I could deduct that he was the thief and poet without doubt.
Only you have activity attitude, can you study well.
Lastly, it benefits you a lot to take responsibilities.
Every person wants to succed but not all peopel can succed.
We all know time is more inportont live , in orther words time is live .
so we shoud treasure every time that you have .
Many people think time is alway abundant so that we could waster time optionnally.
As these students eyes , they think time is endless.
An increasingly number of students hope for self-improvement, so they choose to pursue graduate study.
There are many benefits of pursuing a master's degree, I summarized into several aspects.
The first benefit of graduate is the improvement of personal ability, the second is the advancement in career positions.
There are several strategies for success.
The first and the most important is to choose a right school.
The second is you can manage your time very well, you need to use some method for time management.
Though there are many benefits of pursuing a master's degree, it is also very challenging.
My friend, Lucy, lives in New York.
Last week, She went to Beijing for a trip.
He went there by plane and reached there on 3th November.
She had visted many places of historic interest and scenic beauty, just like Tiananmen Square, Water Cube, The Forbidden City and Wangfujing Commercial Street.
She was very happy there and also be very deeply attached to Beijing.
There are sevel things you cannot ignore when tracking down information on job openings.
You should be attentive onthe Internet and the newspapers because the recruitment agency will offer job openings on it.
At first, you should make good use of the classified information on the Internetand the newspapers.
Logging on the net and reading the newspapers to get some informations about your dream job.
When you receive some job openings you must consult with your friends, relatives and neigbors who will give some advice and opinions for you.
Ideal is a trace of green in the spring.
Some people think that teacher is a hard job, and often worried about student achievement, students can become the second mother.
And you are one of them.
  All right, you decide.
Michael Phelps, a excellent swimming athlet, was born in Baltimore, Maryla, America.
Michael Phelps took on his swimming career when he was ten and exprienced many hardness during his swimming career.
In his 15-year-old, he participated in Olympics game in 2000 and get the fifth in butterfly.
Finally, his dream of getting eight gold medals was come true in Beijing Olympics game.
All his hard work let him became the owner of seven world records.
In my opinion, prastics make perfect.
First wake me up in the morning and tidy up bed.
Then I went out to have breakfast.
At noon, my pupil and I to eat lunch at the school.
I drink milk every day.
I hardly ever watch TV and play computer games.
I hardly ever help with housework and I never go to the dentist for teeth cleaning.
Going shopping is fun.
Because it can make me favourable and reduce.
The supermarket is extremely marvelous.
Maybe it isn't for my healthful.
I also like to purchase cosmetics, cosmetics I like us to buy, when to, I think is the victory.
I feel intensely fortunate.
I hear that you will come to our school as a exchange student next term.
And then, let me tell you something about the local information.
When you come, the weather will be comfortable and the scenery can your breath away.
Besides, our class is made up of outstanding students with kind heart.
We are all hospitable, looking forward to making friends with you.
At last, I have some advice for you to promote the friendship and understanding between us.
Try to fit our life.
We will be the best listener.
At the first we encounter each other, we have met of our minds that we would become the best friend.
Accorging to a figure surveyed by someone that there are an increasingly number of man died of suicide.
In fact, the reason mainly in psychologically problems.
quite a few reasons caused the healthy problem came out.
firstly, more pressure from work, academy etc.
if a man always lies in a nervous station, he must be ill in one day.
secondly, selfconscious are not strong enough to defend other's comments that led to one's death.
everyone has his own characteristic, hence, someone is not common with others.
for this, a lot of accidents happened.
With the increase of chan's population and the decrease of land resource, houseing problem in cities are becoming more and more grim.
There are some reasons for this problem.
First, the land resource is a limit.
become larger and langer.
I think it is very difficult in solving the housing problem in cities .
Some afficial ways should be taken.
In my opinion, we can build more high buildings to provide space.
We can also build houses in the country, meanwhile, we can narrow the gap of county and city.
Besides, we should limit the population of our country.
From my point of view , many families have only one child because of the policy in China, so when their children grow up , most of them go to the universities that are not in their hometowns.
Thus , now we meet with a problem that many old parents feel lonely .
All of us are supposed to spent time companying our parents even though you are busy.
Sometime a call to your parents is chrish for them .
The power of your mind is better than the law.
What's more , it would be nice if the government recognize some interesting activities for the old person , which can let them feel happy and make friends.
In a conclusion, we shoud pay more attention to this problem and appeal people to spent more time visiting their parents.
D which is capital of X province, is a beautiful city.
Please get on our bus, and take care of your luggage, valuable things and all that.
Now, we are leaving ShuangLiu airport on our way to the hotel.
First, let me introduce my colleagues, This is Mr.
Liu, our driver.
experience.
This is Li fan, a beautiful guide from our travel service.
My name is W, my English name is Afra.
You can call me Afra.
Trouble some everybody pulls out his cell phone and write down my contact on the way to our tour you have anything you can contact me and i will serve you.
My mobile phone number is 10000324765.
I'll have it switched on for 24 hours.
During your stay in Chengdu, Mr.
Li fan and I will be your local guides.
