However, opportunity is open to everyone and one should make good use of it when confronted with it.
One should take advantage of it just like the proverb states: Opportunities are only from the prepared minds.
But we can see many people smoking on campus.
others have conducted anti-smoking campaigns.
when we want to smoking , we should do something to instead it .
Tomorrow is the Double Ninth Festival.
My classmates and I want to go to the nursing house.
We all wang to do something for the elderly people.
You know, the Double Ninth Festival is Chinese traditional festival.
Now, we all want to invite you to go with us.
We will meet at the school at 9'o clock.
Then, We will go to the Yuan nursing home on walk.
We want to make dumpling and cook for them.
After eating lunch, we will play games with them and performing for them.
My name is K.
I have lots of habbits.
After class, I often play with my classmate and help with teachers do some things.
It's very busy.
At present, we can see some uncivilized behaviors in public place.
For example, carving on the place of interest, running a red line and so on.
First of all, it may hurt historic things or your life.
Second, it will make others feel uncomfortable.
In a word, we can't let these things go with the wind, we should take some measures to stop it.
We can make the public service advertisements to appeal to citizen's public spirits to obey the civilized rules.
When we see some uncivilized behavior, we can stop it bravely.
We make every little effort can make this situation better.
Nowadays, the knowledge level of college students is higher and higher.
There is an old saying, practice is only one benchmark to confirm it's true or not.
So as for a college students, much theoretical knowledge has learned from books, but how make it useful, which is the most important.
should put it into practice.
Besides , college students could enlarge their view and get alone with all kinds of people .
During this process, they could develop their ability how to deal with complicated and trivial things.
As for me, my opinion is the same to above.
Because college students have been adults approaching outside society and undertake more responsibility.
Many people's view towards variety is different.
the mid autumn is a very important chinese festival .
it falls on the 15th day of august.
A few days of the festival .
Every one in the family will help to make the house clean and beautiful.
in the evening there will be a big family dinner.
after night talk together.
and the children Will play their own Toy very happy.
At the night.
People can see the moon and eat the Moon cake .
There is no denying that reading books online has been gaining popularity these years, an increasing number of people like e-books rather than paper books.
I hold that e-book will influence our future .
In the first place, computer, mobile phone have entered every households, so e-books have characteristics that in some ways supersede those of traditional books, being more flexible and accessible than paper books ever be.
In the second place, most e-books on the Internet are free, but paper books require payment.
Even though some e-books need payment, they are not expensive.
As every coin has two sides, e-book also has demerits.
Many people remain a paper book devotee.
As far as I am concerned, the advantages of e-book outweigh its disadvantages.
Whether we intend to read e-book or not, the convenience of e-book is obvious.
College is not a paradise but an arena.
Actually, on the one hand it is an experience that contributes to young adult'growth and maturity.
College is not only colorful but also challengeable.
The first step is studying by ourselves.
Then we can take part in some activities to feel team-work spirit which will be an important element in our future career.
What is more, interpersonal connections are also a part of our life, how to make friends, how to deal with it.
Besides, a part-time job is a good choice for our growth, through this we can feel how hard our parents are and it is time for us to be mature.
All in all, we can not only get intellectual abilities but also develop social skills as well as knowledge and wisdom necessary for choosing a future career.
In our college we still hold our dream, we still hold our hope.
my major is electronic.
Then what is that, maybe one reducing the delivery of carbon.
It is a serious problem in the world.
But the solution to that is so easy that everyone can do it well.
Now as a college student, we can contribute to the beauty of our home as long as we would like to do.
We can try our best to use less plastics.
Or ride bicycle instead of driving cars when we go out.
If busy, taking buses is also a good choice.
In addition, plant trees more if free.
And so on.
Of course, developing a good habit is helping much.
All these are under the habits.
In my opinion, a good teacher should rich in knowledge and like smiling.
In other words , I think that a good teacher should kind and patient.
And we have trouble in studying or in life, she care about the students.
And when we make mietakes, she don 't tend to be angry with us.
Anyway, students'interest in this subject depends on the teachers' attitude and character.
There are a lot of instant communication mode, for example, QQ, MSN, fetion.
As far as I am concerned, I think that there are both advantages and disadvantages.
Instant communication, although it can bring a lot of convenience and joy to us, but also easy to let us too much addicted to the internet, disturb our life order.
However, Fizz offer drinks to all supermarkets .
Let's now turn to sale volume, The sale volume of Solo has two volumes.
the second quarter is more than the first quarter.
But the Fizz 's first quarter is higher than the second quarter.
Last year, I am very happy when I heared admitted to university.
As a freshman, I felt very fresh to everything in the university.
Through one year of study, I have learned a lot.
However, I also exist many shortage.
For example, I did not get a good grades.
I also had some difficult last year, but I had to face up to it.
In a word, I had a happy also had sad.
Disney was looking for the character called Mickey Mouse for after years of trial and error , and finally he found it .
lt was first introduced in the cartoon Plane Crazy .
Steamboat is one of the most famous Mickey cartoons it was the first sound cartoon .
lt was a great achievement for him .
And then , his fame spread all over the world .
Mickey became the cinema's most popular cartoon character .
Mickey was a moralist with a sense of fun and he was loved by all ages .
Environmental protection will benefit us a lot .
First , it improves our condition by making our air purer and our water cleaner .
lt is essential to work and study in a healthy living condition .
Second , environmental protection does good for the younger generation .
lt doesn't only improve our children's health but also teaches our children a good altitude toward the environment .
Third , we can recycle used materials instead of throwing them away .
A number of college students have some unhealthy habits, such as sleeping late, over-consumption and addicted to computer games and so on.
Those unhealthy habits will affect the physical and mental health.
When we go to bed very late last night, we will be very tired next day.
So we can't concentrate all our energies on the study or the work.
If we spend a lot of money, we will develop the habit of extravagance and make us learn to be vain.
Some people are addicted to computer games.
First, we should know the harm of the unhealthy habits of college students.
Second, we can make a plan, what time to sleep and what time to wake up.
Academic dishonesty is that using other's views to deal with our assignments when we are not able to handle it.
However, just like everything has both it good or bad sides, academic dishonesty also has its cons.
To begin with, if we continue to academic dishonesty, we cant master skills and knowledge When we have exams, we cant write down anything.
What's more, we are not keen on studying and haven't optimistic attitude award the matter we face.
There are some ways to solve academic dishonesty.
Firstly, teachers should change teaching stagy and keep an active atmosphere about the study.
Next, the school may change the management, education system.
Finally, as far as I am concerned, we should improve our quality and try our best to keep on the study.
He is very famous, he is very humorous and talented.
Of course, I appreciated the most was the way he talks.
I learn how to communicate better with other people.
But it was treated as  the Junkyard Bomber and wasn't paid attention by the police.
For gathering the evidence, the government met his demands.
By the writing style and quirky use of the aphorism, David pinpointed that the unabomber was his brother.
After much soul searching, David and his wife made the painful decision to take their concerns to the FBI.
Final sentencing wasn't smooth, because the Ted himself confirmed he wasn't a psychosis and his anti-technology thought was truth.
While his victims' responses was unsympathetic understandably.
Hello, I'm J, monitor of Class One, Grade Eleven.
I'm glad to konw you.
Now, I want to introduce my beautiful school and my hometown---Tianjin.
The weather in Tianjin ia very well, it's warm now.
And Tianjin have many delicious foods, like Goubuli.
I wish you will like Tianjin.
Then, my class is unity.
We like a family.
And classmates are very friendly.
Nowadays , teachers and parents should have a proper way to lead college students to meet frustration bravely.
X is a very large autonomous region.
It is in the northwest of China.
I went there last year.
We were there by car.
We passed through Hebei Province, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Gansu provinces.
We visited the scenery along the way.
On that trip, let me the most impressive is the Turks county.
Its whole layout is a gossip.
The road is straight in the right direction.
Reservation is a promise and guarantee of a table in a restaurant.
You can make a reservation through phone, internet, fax and so on.
And it has many advantages for both restaurants and customers.
For the restaurants, it's helpful for making clear the number and name of customers, and also guaranteeing the efficiency and quality of service work.
If you taking a reservation, you should follow these procedures.
First, you should ask the basic information of the customers, such as customer's name, phone number, number of people, date and sit-down time and some special requirements.
Second, if the employees didn't come on time, the restaurants should wait as long as possible.
In my opinion, if the restaurants want to improve the efficiency of the reservation service, the restaurants should treat the employees as their family, giving them more training.
Only satisfied the employees, the employees could have more energy and do a good job.
And we are the lack of such a loving life and knowledge attitude.
Read a good book can affect a person's life.
Low-carbon lifestyle is a lifestyle , which people produce less carbon and make more oxygen in the earth.
First, we can change our lifestyle.
When we go outdoors, we can take the bus or walk rather than take the taxi.
In addition, we are able to spread low-carbon lifestyle.
For example, we can carry out some activities to attract more people to join us.
Nowadays, it is a tendency for people to use E-Book instead of traditional book.
The E-Book widely used in modern society .
Some people in favour of using E-Book, because they think that E-Book has a lot of advatanges.
E-Book can provide more wonderful contents when you just click the mouse.
And the traditional book is limited quantity, however, the E-Book can offer everyone read.
But the others who against using E-Book argue that E-Book will cause many problems.
Tt needs electricity.
In my opinion, E-Book is the best choice for us, the reason is that the E-Book is more convenient for us and it can offer us more knowledge than traditional book.
By the job I want to set up a cookice shop.
Cook dessert can bring hope and happy.
Draw a amazing which is my favouertie dearm.
It's me of ten years after , I want to write a letter to him.
As we all know, online rumors are harmful to us.
In my opinions, there are four reasons: the first, online rumors transmit faster than other ways.
The second, following the development of Internet, increasing number of the Internet become Internet users.
And online rumors transmit widely by means of the Internet.
The third, the effect that society has on people.
So many bad things happened in recent years so that people feel unsafe in this environment.
Bad memories and fear of society make people trust the rumors easily.
How to solve this problem is still a question.
Form my views, do believe our society and ourselves is the most essential.
A lot of people hold different point of view towards success.
Of course, there is no doubt that everyone urge to be a triumphant person which means status, money and reputation.
I've heard of such a famous word  Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe  .
  I think, during the period, we may have ups and downs, but we can't just tell merely from appearance whether serbacks will turn out unfavourable to us or not.
There's as good fish in the sea, as ever came out of it.
Nowdays, with the rapid development of society, our living standard has improved a lot.
In the past, people lived a hard life.
They were often lack of food and money.
And many people couldn't attend school so they didn't accept education especially the women who have no rights.
Besides, they have no cellphone at that time.
Howevre, today, many changes has happened.
We can learn technology in the classroom at the school.
Women and men have equal rights.
Furthermore, with the rapid development of science, we all live in the information time.
We who are not out of home can chat with our all friends, families and colleagues and shopping.
Nowadays, shopping online is becoming a lifestyle and it's especially welcomed by young people.
However, shopping online is like a coin of two sides.
First, it's convenient for us because shopping online could help save us a lot of time and energy.
But this very convenience results in unhonest in goods.
For example, the goods in online shops have many quality problems and we couldn't touch and check the goods until we buy it and receive it.
Second, we can choose our favorite product from many goods and do this activity in a little time.
But just because of so many goods.
As I consider is that we should do just follow one principle that should be benefic for us.
Mobile phone has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.
Some students believe that mobile phone should not be restricted in the library.
Others argue that the opposite is true.
In school, most of the students bring mobile to e-reading room.
So not only have the effect of learning, but also disturb the other students.
But we also is not difficult to see.
There is no doubt that restrict mobile phone in library has its drawbacks as well as merits.
But we should correct use of mobile phone in the library.
There is a PE office beside library.
There are six PE teacher in it .
There are grade four and grade one in the third floor.
There is a music room in the forth floor.
I am Class five Grade five .
As is known to all  Honesty is a virtue admired everywhere, while dishonesty is generally despised and condemned  .
For example, some students copy others' homework or cheat in examinations in order to get good marks.
some people want to get rich and live a comfortable life.
instead they cheat others.
we should remind ourselves that dishonesty and deception can merely win short-term trust, but only with honesty can we build a durable and steady relationship.
Maybe there are people who agree with the view.
With the development of our technology, internet has penetrated into all the aspects of our life and work.
Even sometimes the information will be misused by the criminals.
As far as my life, after-school activities is one of the most important parts of in my life.
Ijoin some clubs at school.
First, we must make sure we don't waste the time for learning to do activities.
If it takes too much time, you'd better fail it.
seeondly, we should choose positive activities.
Then, We can choice activities to improve your abilities.
For example, a fat man tabes exercise eveny morning.
It is the activities which change your lives.
Yesterday, I had a quarrel with my parents.
The quarrel began with a small thing that I want to cut my hair.
But I don't think so.
As for myself, short hair is suit for me and it's easy to clean.
At last, I had to compromise.
After that, I gave my best friend a call and told her this thing.
She told me that she has the same experience as me.
Some of us think it necessary to get online frequently because we can acquisit knowledge and broaden our horizons.
On the other hand, other of us think we shouldn't get online frequently.
In their opinion, using computer too much is bad for our eyes.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
In the evening before the Spring Festival, families get together and have a big meal.
Dnmplings are alwayes the most traditional food.
Children like the Spring Festival very much.
Because they can wear new clothes ang get money from their parents.
Adults are also enjoy the Spring Festival because they can have a good rest after the whole year's work.
Before the Spring Festival, I go shopping with my parents, cleanand decorate our home.
On the Spring Festival, we cerebrate it at home.
On the eve of the new year, my families get together and had a big meal.
After the meal, we watched TV.
A new year reprsents a new beginning.
This is for you.
But I'm more inclined to the first view.
Needless to say that with a great number of new things coming up, our life has been pushed to a new level in which our daily life has been simplified in many ways, showing the reasult that it is the new things we dare to try that change our life, as a reasult of which i can say Try more and you can embrace more eventually.
At the same time my dad came up and helped me with my toy car so that i regarded him as my hero but what really impressed me the most was that he said You don't have to mend it, because the parts of it can work well and the tire of it can be a 'ring'.
And i never thought it in that way.
I live in Fuyang, AnHui province about 20years since i was born.
Myhometown is a beautiful place.
There are many trees, flowers, rivers and so on.
If john comes here, i hope with him go to WenFeng tower.
The tower is about 40m hight.
It is more than 1000 years history.
Many tourists will visit the tower from all over the world every year.
So it is worth visting.
HuaiHe is our mother river.
I drink the water growing up.
There sceneary is very beautiful.
Learning how it differs from man to a man, but the ways is beneficial, of course, them exist harmful.
My Favorite Way of Learning is what teachers exchange with students.
Like this, classroom atmosphere can full enliven us.
We will more active devote to studying and knowledge of learning will firm.
I like self-learning too.
lying quiet on flower with a book or myself do solve a difficult problems.
It is reported that many young people prefer to work rather than continue their education.
They think a person without higher education could also get a decent job.
Each student would have his or her own idea about whether to continue their education or to work as for me study is more important than to work.
Also, a college education has become necessary to find a worthwhile position.
Nowadays, pet is a hot topic in society.
Some people are inclined to keep pets for the following reasons.
Firstly, they can bring us happiness, when we have something unhappy and don't want to tell anyone else.
We can always talk with our pets, though perhaps they don't understand at all .
Other people, however, don't argue with that.
They think keeping pets will also bring us quite a lot trouble.
Most pets are very dirty and they have lots of diseases with them which will make us ill.
Sometimes, a dog will bite someone who may just want to touch it to express his friendship.
To me, keeping a pet is more attractive in that not keeping pets.
The majority of people hold the point that reading good books can light the spark of emotion within us that motivates us to read more, understand more.
In addition, reading can make our spirit brightness.
The rest of them think that practice is the best learning style.
In their view, we are supposed to make full use of our senses to explore the world.
On the thing, we can have a thorough comprehension of things.
In my opinion, reading is a traditional way of obtaining knowledge and knowing the world.
As it was said before, we will be profound and more thoughtful.
But, as the proverb goes'every coin has two sides', we will achieve nothing if we don't put it into practice.
Contrary to reading, we have more chances to reading, we have more chances to touch things through practice that can provide us with practical experience.
as is discussed, we should pay attention to reading as well as practice.
English is the most widely used language in the world.
You should take notes in class.
And you also can read the new words more to remember it.
I suggest you write four or five words a day on pieces of paper and place them in your rome.
You must listen to the teacher carefully in class.
I had a great time in China.
When I arrived here, I went to a Chinese middle school.
They were very warm.
After class, we did some sports.
The next day they took me around the places of interest.
We paid a visit to the Forbidden City in the morning and climbed the Great Wall in the afternoon .
A few days later, I caught the most important festival to Chinese, the Spring Festival .
Everything was decorated in a joyful way.
Children wore new colourful clothes.
In the evening, the host's relatives came and said 'happy new year' to each other.
Then they invited me to join their big dinner.
At the midnight , fireworks appeared in the deep blue sky.
In accordance with the above, I support this view.
If left to eat the Spring Festival, it may become incomplete Spring Festiva.
so, I want to speak my Spring Festival about eat the thing.
As eat too fast, and the tongue are felt.
We all want to eat a mouthful of oil, then happy to see the brilliant television.
Hwe will paste the couplet, and pasted door god, and then, and grandparents, uncles and aunts who together Qidu reunion meal.
I realized that our high school teacher said the university and the high school is not the same.
AIDS is a terrible virus.
More and more people died of it.
We have watched the vedio about AIDS yesterday.
The patients look so skinny in the screen, that is terrible and I can't help crying.
There eyes tells me they need help.
I feel pity for them.
Everyone has the right to live but they are illness, they are painful and need our help.
However, a lot of people discriminate against AIDS patients, that's wrong.
We should communicate with the AIDS patients.
And for MoSo people, drinking is the order of the day.
You know, not so much.
However what he said next sent shivers down the spine of me what the hell I've done.
Before winter comes , a large amount of animals and plants change a lot .
For example , the animals will eat more and more .
And their fit and feather is twice than summer or spring .
The plant's leaves also change from green to yellow and fall to land .
At that time the whole field is very quiet .
Sometimes we can saw some birds flied from a tree to another tree .
Before winter comes , every people also have some changes .
Such as my a lot of classmates who speak english in the morning ago didn't willing to get up early because of the cold weather .
In general, before winter comes , every thing is changeable and attractive.
In nowdays, electronic products have influence our life greatly.
e-book is a typical example, It's widespread welcome in the Modern society.
Some people use e-book to replace the traditional books.
They think there are many advantages of e-book.
The most important is that they can pend less money to read more books, and use e-book can saving paper to prevent trees to be cut down, it's beneficial to environmental protection.
On the other hand, people who are in favor of read traditional books point out that facing the screen for too long will Damage our eyes, it can cause vision loss over time.
And traditional books are not fragile.
We don't have to worry about it.
even if the book drop form table or into water.
Weighing the pros and cons of these arguments, I am inclined to agree with the latter point of view.
even if e-book is very convenience.
It's lose the meaning and depth of reading.
There is much discussion nowadays as to the problem of the Internet and newspaper which is better source of news.
More people beleive that the Internet as a better source of news.
The reasons for this situation may be as follows, the first is online information's speed of propagation is faster and more timely then newspaper.
Even better, online information is very plentiful, including sport, entertainment, science and technology.
Relatively, newspaper can not full take into account and update the news is slower than the Internet.
On the other hand, the Internrt information is free and easy to obtain.
We can get news in anytime and anywhere on the Internet if you want.
However, if you want to know what is happening today, you must go to newsstand buy a nwespaper.
Newspaper printing needs paper, destory our forests.
The huge amount of wood consumed due to the timeliness of the nwespaper or a one-time newspaper.
Some teachers and students came here immediately.
Eventually, the parents of the girl was so thankful that they sent a letter of thanks to the teachers and students who helped them a lot.
We should try our best to help others.
I have a lot of things to do in my free time.
I take exercise after school.
Sports help me to keep healthy and study better.
I ofter watch TV or do some reading in the evening.
Sometimes I listen to music for a while.
I find it a good way to relax myself.
I go on a field trip with my friends.
  What they like most about their mobile device is that they can reach other people, what they like least is that other people can reach them notes NaomiBaron, a professor of linguistics at Amerian University in Washington D.
It is obvious in the graph that the stress index of city residents which means that how much stress city residents suffer from has undergone dramatic changes.
First of all, with the quickening pace of modern life and the increasingly fierce competition, everyone has to work, work and work.
Most people are asked to work overtime, even on legal holiday, which makes people fatigued physically and mentally.
More importantly, a number of people utilize their financial success as a measure of happiness.
In fact, the desire for money often gives them excessive stress rather than happiness.
So they make use of their spare time to work rather than spend their holiday.
In my opinion, everyone has their own stress.
For example, students have exam pressure while grown-ups have family pressure.
Facing all kinds of stress, we should try to cope with it.
We can spend our free time eating meals together, exercising, entertaining, enjoying nature, reading a book or enjoying a hobby rather than just work for money.
In contemporary society, the public trust is not easy to gain in term of food safety.
Motivated by profit either the food manufacturing or the private businessmen seeks the maximum benefit in the sacrifice of our health or lives.
The impacts are detrimental and result in our disappointment in purchasing necessities such as milk powder or pork.
To regain public confidence of Chinese food safety, more efforts need to make.
J-29 under the goods have been shipped per S.S. Pearl  .
The goods have transshipped by S.S  May flower in Hongkong.
The captioned contract by CFR transactions.
At about ten o'clock, the black sky was lightened by lots of fireworks with colorful light and happy sound.
We stop watching the Spring Festival gala, and go to the balcony to see the beautiful fireworks view.
Later, my cell phone was ringing all the time.
I received lots of short messages from my friends and classmates.
They all blessed me happy New Year.
I gave same bless to them by sending back the happy words.
According to many experts says , low-carbon lifestyle means use the least carbon in our life .
In fact that was not the case, we just need to control the extent.
For example , we could turn off the lights when we leave the room, we could ride our bikes instead of our cars, we could give up smoking as well.
As a college student , we must try our best to create a low-carbon lifestyle .
First of all, with society developing in such a fast way.
Internet and computer becoming more and more important.
And it is convenient to connect with others on the Internet.
Secondly, you can write your secret and no one know who you are.
And you can help others by blogs.
Thirdly, blog covers all kinds of topics from daily life to political forums, from individual thoughts to world events.
Finally, you can know news through blogs, blog covers all kinds of topics from daily life to political forums, from individual thoughts to world events.
However blogs may lead to some bad effects.
Someone may send some false information which will mislead many people.
What's more, It might be used by some people who have ulterior motives to spread rumors or to slander other people.
We need innovation, it makes our life full of challenges and fantasy.
My grandmother told me when she was young, she never think that she could use phone and wash machine.
In her childhood, she can only play cards with her brothers and catch fishes in the river.
She always tells me I am so lucky for living this century.
There are many things we can't imagine before, but they appear in our daily life.
We need innovation when we study and work.
It can not only help us save time, but also can find more pleasure.
A natural conclusion can be drawn that innovation can not only do much good to a single person, but also can bring much benefit to the whole world and that to embrance new things is not only important but also necessary.
Dear Betty, I'm L.
I'm honored to introduce something about the reality talent show, The Voice of China to you.
It offers an special selling point for audiences--blind auditions, where judges don't appreciate the performances face to face.
I have got lost in enjoying the performance and I was astonished by how beautiful the voice is every time the contestants opened their mouths.
The highlight of the show is the moment the judges turn their chairs with a satisfied look, setting off cheering and clapping.
With more and more rural people rushing to urban areas just for pursuing a better quality of living life, however, it causes a series of terrible problems in the city.
Due to overcrowding, the traffic is always busy and thus it is very inconvenient for the people especially for the working persons to be outside or to come back home.
What's more, there may be more traffic accidents happening every day.
In addition, the condition where the residents live may have a sharp change for overcrowding .
For example, there will be more air pullution, more noises, which absolutely do great harm to our health.
From my point of views, the best solution to settle this serious problem should rely on the government's effective measures.
They had better have a good scheme for the cities and should have a strict control for the urban population.
As far as i am concerned, i suppose the college life is different from senior life.
For example, in senior school, teacher always help you improve your grades and take care of you.
In my opinion, adapt college is very important thing in our school life.
To adapt college life is not only can improve your study but also can make a lot of friends in school, raise our experience.
Life is equal to everyone, even an animal.
Most people take it for granted that they are the master of the world.
They have the right to dominate others, including lives.
In reality, they are wrong.
Animals limited, nevertheless people's desire to eat delicious food is unlimited.
Most animals are in severe danger .
The season why there are so many creatures in the world is to keep a balance.
Now it is human who disturb the balance.
People hunt animals for eating, utilize their skins for clothes and add them into drug without limit.
For example, if people have no desire to eat paw, they have no need to kill bears.
There will be no murder.
Life is worth respecting.
People hurt animals, at the same time, they make themselves into a dilemma.
As the balance is lost, the diseases come.
Eventually people hurt themselves.
It is people who are responsible for this.
Now that we know the balance is so significant, we'd better do what we can to stop animals from being killed.
We have to warn the human: just stop your foolish behavior.
Stop eating animals, stop wearing the clothes made by animals' skins and stop adding animals into medicine.
Human and animals can get along well with each other.
The rule people should obey is: don't hurt animals.
At the present times, more and more people had a chance go to college, and have had more knowledge.
As a college student, especilly in this competitive society.
We mast have the skills to survive in society.
So, we should take part in some social practice to exercise myself.
Because social practice not only make our to learn more knowledge, but also to learn more skills.
First, more social practices may offer you an opportunity to display your ability and apply what you have learned in school.
Second, social practices in business can develop a sense of competition, which you need in future.
It increases your confidence in yourself because through the work you can realize your own value, Besides, it helps students develop a sense of independence, and helps relieve your parents'economic burdens.
Firstly, we can name the museum.
A beautiful name can interest people to enjoy the works of art there.
Nowadays with the rapid development of advanced technology, an increasing number of digital products are commonly and wildly used in everyday life.
Compared with the traditional book, the e-books seem to have lots of advantages.
First of all, e-books are very easy to travel with.
Secondly, e-books with large capacity is very suitable for modern life.
The last but not least, e-books are usually cheaper than traditional books.
However, we can't deny that the e-books cannot work without electricity and the electronic data is easy to be hacked and changed.
What is more, although the technology is invented recently, there are still large parts of the e-books not supported by this technology.
I enjoy the feeling that carry a book and smell the sweet smell of the ink.
Dear Mr.
First of all, please allow me to introduce my abilities in English to you.
As a result, I decide to attend a course of spoken English, which I am interested in.
I don't want others to understand me hard, faced with foreigners, which is so embarressed.
In a word, I would appreciate it if you could allow me to take part in the course.
His speech encouraging people to do a brave man .
I will buy a lot of candies.
Consequently, the scientific research seems to be more and more important.
In the medicine, scientific research mainly contains two aspects: basic research and clinical research.
They are two different kinds of research in terms of their study area.
To begin with, basic research focuses mainly on the cell and molecular mechanism, whereas clinical research concentrates more on the apparent phenomenon, which can be qualitative or quantitative analysis.
However, their scientific thinking is similar.
For instance, both of them have to Comply with the scientific thinking.
In addition, these two researches share the same technique to support their thesis statement.
As an illustration, statistic induction and statistic analysis are used to illustrate the relationship between what they research.
Most importantly, although they study on the different fields, the final purposes are both for the better understanding of the human body and solve the realistic problem.
In general, basic research and clinical research are similar to each other, though they are different in some ways.
For better associating basic research with clinical research, translational medicine appears as a bridge to connect them.
My name is L and I am a student who was born in 90s.
Nowadays, 90s have many problems to join the society .
We will face many problems like enter a higher school or get a good job.
Our parents become very anxiety because many 90s like us pay attention to themselves and do not like to work with other students to solve problems.
Some of 90s students are lacking perseverance and very easy to be discouragement.
I do not think it's right.
Many 90s also very outstanding and like helping with each other.
They love study and love working with other students.
In my opinion, 90s is a very potential generation.
I believe if we can study hard enough then we will get good prospect.
So we need to study useful things and study how to keep the balance relationship with each other.
Walking to work is better than driving to work.
One reason is that walking to my job is usually faster than driving.
This is because traffic is heavy, and is moves slowly.
Another reason is that walking is more enjoyable than driving.
I get upset when there is a lot of traffic.
The most important reason is that walking is healthier.
I don't get any exercise when I drive.
So, I prefer to walk.
I have a general home but it very warm.
It makes me feel relaxed, comfortable, warm.
Although my home is not luxury and have neither garden nor swimming pool.
I love my home and I have profound memories.
Form far, It was a small house was surround with the mountain.
Go head, you can see a large piece of the land in front of the small house, there are different types of crops and vegetable.
Slowly near the small house, you can see a small water ditch in front of the house small door, the water very clean, you can see the bottom of the stone and sand.
There are many trees in the water ditch beside, their leaves are green, birds on the tree top call.
Along the path to the left, to the bamboo side up again.
At this time you can hear the dog sound, along to see, you can see a big dog is calling at you, next to the small dog along with the big dog.
At the time, you do not have to be afraid of the dog, because it is closely tied by the rope.
Behind the dog you can see two rows of small room, there are about ten, that is the pig room.
You can see big pig is eating, also can see cute pig in the fight.
Go on and you can go from the gate, you can see the space like the courtyard.
Go to your left, this is storage place, with meat , there are rice , , , .
Go to the, in front of the sofa, sofa in front of TV, and on the right is the refrigerator, the left is a cabinet, the left is a cabinet, with different types of Chinese medicine, Western medicine.
Come into my bedroom, you can see a small bed made of wood, the corner of a bed, put a little bear, the head of a bed, there is a dog, bed, beautiful quilt.
here is a picture , we can see the student is sitting with the internet face to face.
My grandparents grew up very earily(around 5 o'colck in the morning), so at that time I was a morningperson who went with her grandfathers to do the morning exercises.
  There had been no years between the ducking of this dragonfly and the other one-the one that was part of memory as E.
I can still catching the butterflies, doing the morning exercise, but my mind has changed.
I have to make choices.
I used to think that the life of university will be more relaxing, but after I spent nearly 2 hours in class which was taught only in English, I changed my opinion.
But the new environment is equal to everyone, I don't need to complain about it, just take part in it.
To be honest, I can't control myself very well, so always I can't make full use of my time.
Beijing Foreign studies university is one of my dreams when I was in high school, I always regret what I have done during my high school, but now, I change my opinion about this.
As a famous saying goes, Happiness is not a result, it's a process.
Anyway, As long as you make good use of your time and be studious to do some wonderful things.
Secondly, the bride and her father go to the church, and her father hands the bride in bridegroom.
By and by, the bride and the bridegroom announce wedding vows and exchange rings, god and everyone stare at them at that moment.
In addition, they will kiss each other, a only love kiss.
University's first winter was coming, and my favorite season is winter.
Before the winter is autumn, the fall is a cool season.
In winter, the days are exceedingly short.
When it comes, the leaves fall from the trees.
When it snows, the foundation is white with snow.
We can wear warm clothing and go to make snowmen.
If we like skating it is a good season.
In the winter, when we looked around, it is each packet streets solidly plastered over people, plants and trees are covered with white snow.
Taking the bus moves slowly.
In addition, walking is move comfortable than taking the bus.
It is celwdly .
Finally, walking to school is healtheir than taking the bus.
And my school is my house near.
I believed that everyone has heard of an advertisement like this''No business, No killing''.
In the world, animals are the most essential friend to us.
In my opinion, animals are the best friend of human.
They are not only lovely and cute but also can keep the balance of the nature.
At some critical juncture moments, they could even save us.
A Chinese medicine professional denied claims that the practice of extracting bear bile is cruel and promised to give media a chance to visit the country's bear farms.
But as far as I am concerned, it is a really crucial behavior.
The bear also has feelings.
It would feel painful.
It is claiming that a measure of success in its decade-long quest to ban the practice in China.
There are also thousands of sharks are hunted in Asia for special foods, such as fin soup.
This behavior should be stop as soon as possible.
However, it is believed that awareness of protecting animals has been on the rise in recent years.
As we ll know''Animal protection is the protection of our own''.
If everyone does a little contribution to the animal protecting, our world will become more balanced.
So, let start from now to protect animals.
A few days before the festival, houses are cleaned .
Now people are beginning to realize that reading is a critical part of learning and growing while other persons hold the idea that the best method to learn is practicing .
As for me, reading plays a significant role to one's growing.
First of all, the old saying＂To open a book is always helpful＂clearly tells us how good it is to read a book.
Finding the right book at the right time can ignite an emotional spark with us that motivates us to read more, understand more, and read joyfully.
Secondly, reading can cultivate our taste.
I am sure that reading some elegant sentences or the beautiful things described in the book will make us feel relaxing and comfortable.
All this means that reading does contribute to our university lives.
Now time flies, I have spent two years in my college.
To be honest, I have realized that there is a big gap between the ideal and the reality.
For instance, the apartment is not as good as I thought, and there is no water heater and air condition.
Of course, I know different college has different housing conditions, it depends on my grades and personal choice.
Nevertheless, I had to admit that I felt a little disappointed.
In addition, we are not complete free like what others said.
Teachers will subtract our normal grades if we don't show up on time for class.
In that case, we may fail to pass the final exam.
Oppositely, they allow us to choose classes, in which we are interested.
We can arrange our study life by ourselves.
Last but not at least, the college life is not carefree.
After I came to my college, I am aware of my duty.
Students are engaged in obtaining certificates and accumulating knowledge, which makes a big difference to our job hunting in the future.
As a junior, I have adapted into my college life and accepted these gaps.
The college also has rules in need of management.
It is impossible for us to do whatever we want.
Obviously, not anyone has self-consciousness.
As we know, when you can't change the environment, just change yourself.
In order to creating a conservation-oriented campus , we should have a sense of saving , from the said small things start Such as Save water, on time to turn off the lights, Have saving consciousness.
For the society , the government should make relevant laws do guarantee.
A couple of days ago, one of my classmates bought some food from a market and ate with a couple of friends because of his birthday.
Soon my classmates who ate the food had stomachaches and their faces became green.
And someone vomited badly, so they were sent to the hospital immediately.
After being examined, they were told that they got poisoning by the doctor.
Fortunately, they didn't have life risk just was a little weak.
In this matter, we have to pay attention to the food safety again, the problem relationships with our precious lives.
In 2001, he discovered his special ability to wrestle and decided to become a wrestler in WWE.
The will of winning is more important than winning itself.
In my opinion, the Great Wall is the longest wall in the world.
Undoubtedly, more and more serious problems that are beyond human beings' wit to solve are challeng-ing our planet.
Firstly , I will discuss with it about the population.
As we know , there are about 6,500,000,000 people on the earth now.
The number is so large that cause a series of problems.
For instance traffic problem-s , energy problems and the rest.
Secondly, the pollution become worse and worse day by day .
Finally, I want to know the extraterrestrials' science technology .
After the talking with the extraterrestrial, we should take their advice and criticizing into considera-tion.
As we all know , safety is important for everyone .
Our school hold the evacuation drill every year so that we could master the knowledge and skill that we can use to solve the urgent problems.
However, some students do not take it seriously.
For example, some syudents escape from the spot laughing ang talking .
To start with, we should keep clam and quiet, follow teachers direction.
I still remembered that night.
After answering few questions, I said goodbye to the interviewer and went out the room.
But now, I think it's a very wonderful experience I had ever had.
Dear Mr.
As a leader of business in China, you are expected to attend this discussion.
Although we realize you are busy, we believe you will find it delightful experience to attend the discussion.
But Time fies time fies like a shuttle.
Nowadays, a lot of people use blog.
They write diary and comment of something on it.
To me, it's also a good thing to show my ideas and communicate with others.
Firstly, it's free style make people love it.
They can write what they want and what they think about their life and their world on it, just like their diary book.
Secondly, it spreed extensive, It just like a big communicate wet on the Internet.
Many people show their ideas on it.
Thirdly, it can use to supervise government, hotel, restaurant and so on.
However, there are also something bad of blog.
Anyway, bloggers become more and more active on the Internet.
Nowadays, fatigue is one of the most common complaints brought to doctors, friends, and relatives.
There are three main categories of fatigue.
The first is physical.
This is the well-known result of overworking your muscles to the point where metabolic waste products accumulate in your blood and sap your strength.
The cure is simple and fast: You rest, giving your body a chance to get rid of accumulated wastes and restore muscle fuel.
The second is pathological.
Here fatigue is warning sign or consequence of some underlying physical disorder.
It not be overlooked.
We should have a thorough physical checkup and a good attitude about the disease.
The last, emotional problems and conflicts, especially depression and anxiety, are by far the most common causes of prolonged fatigue.
We should try to avoid it and try our best to find out the reasons and solutions.
There is a great deal we can do to deal with fatigue.
The simplest way for me is to eat a proper breakfast, low in sugar and fairly high in protein, which will provide peak energy in the morning.
You might try regular conditioning exercises help you to resist fatigue by increasing your body's ability to handle more of a work load.
But don't over do it.
Otherwise, get to bed earlier and don't put too much pressure to yourself and learn to say no to additional requests.
As we all know, there are different kinds of loves around us, such as the love from your parents, the love from your classmates.
When I get the love from my parents, I feel warm and encouraged, when I get the love from my classmates, I feel thankful.
By then, the phone became part of the life of people.
In a word, phones have both advantages and disadvantages.
I think the phone can let us more communication and can let us have more security.
As we all know that is one of the famous traditional festivals in China.
Because of it's so important that everyone must back to their home wherever they are and celebrate the day with their families.
For example that people will enjoy the full moon with eating the moon cakes.
What's more, people really enjoy theirselves during the wonderful day.
With the development of our economy and society, pollution is more and more serious.
The most serious should be carbon dioxide.
First of all, many factors develop heavy industry, such as burning of coal and oil and so on, led to the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.
It is high time that strict measures were taken to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.
First, we can develop new sources.
As far as we individuals are, it has been suggested that rubbish recycle after sorted.
We should reduce outdoor barbecue.
Owing to the rapid development in science and technology, traditional means of communication have dramatically changed.
In this process, the mobile phone has gained so much popularity that the number of mobile users has rocketed.
A host of people firmly side with this new means of communication while quite some others show less approval to mobile devices.
It's certain beyond doubt that mobile represents a fast and modern hi-tech whose merits are conducive to people's life.
On one hand, mobile liberates people from old means of communication, greatly enhancing the speed and efficiency of contact.
Living in such a society where every second is of great value, we have to compete with time.
The message service of mobiles add to more convenience for users.
A host of people tend to attach top priority to message over phone calls in that we can talk as much as we like in a limited time by sending messages to others.
On the other hand, technological progress steps up the maturity of new functions in smart phones, which includes the Internet service, , news subscription as well as the weather forecast.
Nevertheless, every coin has two sides, mobiles also constitute some potential problems which we may neglect.
For one thing, the excessive use of mobiles can give rise to the addiction to the phone.
It's far from rare to see mang people hold a mobile all day talking, making text, or just surfing the Internet anywhere, even when crossing roads.
Worse still, those who take using mobiles for granted often suffer severe anxiety if someday they lose their phones.
For another, the continual phone call and messages by others may be a nuisance to many users.
Especially in busiest hour, a succession of the phone call can annoy us, but not many people directly turn off their phone, for fear that they should miss something urgent.
To sum up, I contend that mobile indeed brings much convenience, making modern life much easier.
However, we cannot ignore its problems.
What really counts lies in whether we can make best use of our mobiles and avoid being addicted to them.
All we need is to be the master of such hi-tech rather than be its slave.
Above all, learning by doing is some methods, such as traveling, part-time job and so on.
It can learn many social experience.
There is an old Chinese saying that each coin has two sides.
I caught a sight that before exams, some students would be dizzy or short of strengh, what's worse, they could't fall asleep till late or didn't have an appetite for food.
During the exam week, you should have an adequate rest, don't stay up too late.
As for the exam, you have to prepare in advance, make a great plan for recitement, and spare no efforts to follow it.
my favourite place at school is the reading room it is very big and bright there are also .
a lot of useful books newspeapers , and magazins there , i like reading boooks and magazins there because they not only provide me with much know ledge but also , help me learn a lot of about , what is happening around the world , sometimes i even fell can have a talk with the people inn the books , i can also relax my self in the reading room , when i feet tired and unhappy the reading room is the best place to go to reading .
I often listen to English songs after class.
Besides, I sometimes play badminton with my friends or my parents.
Although I play it not very well, I like playing badminton very much.
I think watching English films or listening to English songs is really a good idea if you want to relax yourselves and improve your English.
Of course, doing some sports is also a good choices.
Not long ago, there has been much talking about the event of Li Shuangjiang's son.
Because of all kinds of reasons, such as the pressure of eleven-plus and employment, many schools pay much attention to educate student's learning ability.
However, they ignore character education which has a big influence on student's developing.
Schools have responsibilities to lead students to be straightforward and guileless people.
Nobody can deny that character education is crucial.
It is reported that Chinese crime rate of teenagers is hundreds of times than which in America and South Africa.
So our schools have to take measures to improve the quality of character education.
Her name was C.
As long as they are at home, we will not need to go shopping and cooking by ourselves any more.
First of all, I think the development of new technologies to bring more convenience.
However, I think the pace of new technology invention is not able to stop.
With the invention of new technology, there are a lot of people addicted to attract into technology.
I think we should not because someone addicted to technology and to stop the development of new technologies.
But should be a better way to wake up those who are addicted to technology.
Of course, like the figure just to play with the computer while neglecting to communicate with family and friends is not good.
Churchill's speech on Hitler's invasion of the U.
Although he hated communism, he still thought that the citizens in the U.
  I see advancing upon all this in hideous onslaught the Nazi war machine, -delighted to find what they believe is an easier and a safer prey.
Here , we can see the Nazi soldiers were ready to invade the U.
When audience heard this, they will soon hate the Nazi regime and turn to help the U.
Setting off firecrackers is one of ways people express happiness during spring festival, however , thanks to set off firecrckers result in some security and environment matter always happen in society.
I always can see this phenomenon in my hometown, especially, when a family have happy event to host, then they will certainly set off firecracks in the day time or at night.
so this phenomenon is very commom in china.
From my standpoint.
I think this phenomenon should be forbid, first of all , setting off firecrackerc can release some harmful gases to air, it lead to environmental pollution, second , it is risky to children and might do n injury to them.
thirdly , it bring noise and have an big effect on neigborhoods when they are sleeping or rest.
It is widely known that Duchess of Cambridge Kate is an ordinary girl before she got married with the Prince William.
each girl dreams to be a princess, but only one can be.
We never seen the same person in the earth .
From another perspective , there are no two identical leaves in the world .
You are the only one in this world.
so variety just like the air that we live in .
Being ordinary or great are there for reason .
We write our history book by ourselves not others.
We shouldn't copy other's footprint .
Whether it is good or negative, one thing is certain that we are the only one in this world, all roads lead to Rome, do not envy others.
Sweden.
Sweden is one of the developed countries in Europe, situated in central of continental Europe.
It has an area of 4.1 square kilometers and a population of 7.5 million.
The capital city is Berne, and there is the famous city in the world -Geneva.
Sweden is known as the world garden because of it has a beautiful natural scenery.
The environment of Sweden is really fascinating and has less pollution.
 percent of people like watching TV to know the world .
Only 12 percent of people observe something by the newspaper.
Nonetheless , as far as I'm concerned, newspaper is a more appropriate way of gaining information.
Firstly, reporting news is much deep-per than TV news.
Secondly, we can read newspaper from time to time.
Time isn't a problem.
Finally, reading newspaper is able to practice and improve intelligence.
The next two years, I define it a time of personal growth and expansion, busy but happy.
first , we flew kites, It's very exciting.
Now l am a student .
That is must l am interested in job .
Then in fifty years l hope l can have a family .
Must have a child and happylies family.
I thank my life is very wonderful in the future.
My deam is l can have a big car and with my ded mom tavel around the world in the future.
With the rapid development of economy, more and more people are pursuing new ways of consumption, such as, collecting coupons, looking for group-buy and so on.
Because they think doing this they can save much money.
First of all, the cheaper the goods are, the more we want to buy.
It is more easily to make us spend more money to buy the goods that we don't need very much.
What's more, the clothes which are in sales is much cheaper than usual, at the sight of such low price, we tend to lose our mind and come home with packages of unnecessary goods, it is absolutely a waste of money.
Last but not least, the group-buy and coupons always have a lot of attaches conditions, you must use it in a short time, so, sometimes you can only eat the special diet which you are not really like.
Of course, there is no doubt that these new ways of consumption can really bring some benefits to us and help us save much money sometimes, But we more easily to lose our mind and spend much great amount of money.
Such as PS.
Davinci Resolve etc.
In my heart love is understand.
I konw my parents love me deeply and they know what i want , how would make me happy .
so they set me free .
they trust me because they know i am a positive girl .
they always suppot me to do anthing and just encourage even though i am in troudle that is useful experence they hope i become more and more brave and strong .many child feel much pressure from parents but i didn't feel .
I grew up in a relxed an free envionment .
I really want to say thanks to my dear parents .
I believe that each human being is free .
More and more college students find a part-time job in their free time.
At part-time job, we will know the difficult to earn money.
If we had a part-time job, we will wast much time to work.
We are college students.
At the same time, the USA had also witnessed a great increase of job losses in various manufacture industries .
Just as the title going, trade deficits and manufacturing decline are the legacies of NAFTA and the WTO.
As we all know, disposable plastic bags are widely used at a few years ago, the disposable plastic bags bring severe damage to throw away when we use it widely.
Nowadays people awareness the seriously of pollution take by disposable plastic bags, so the government take measures: limit the use of it, disposable plastic bags be not free any more, be offered in a much higher price.
To sum up, we should limit the use of disposable plastic bags, disposable plastic bags are bad for our healthy and environment.
In view of the present situation, it is high time that the government tried every means to protect the environment.
Some people think that we should read selectively, because we should select books on the basis of interested, these can promote efficiency.
However, some other people think that we should read extensively, we nend read a great variety of books .
In my opinion, if you are young, you should select extensively read, I think that what all know some is better.
The U.S. has experienced growing trade deficits and serious job losses for scores of years since the NAFTA and WTO was created.
These agreements failed to overcome the barriers to U.S. exports and the overvaluation of the U.
As we all know, more and more people died of AIDS.
This virus is very terrible.
And many people discriminate against those people who have AIDS.
Thus, these patients feel sad.
Let us suppose that we are those people who have AIDS.
If we face such bad situation.
I'm a volunteer.
And I heartily sympathize with those patients.
What's more, I want to I can do someting for them.
They may take encouragement from our care.
They are so poor.
In my opinion, they can stay alive with our help.
To be a collage sutdents, we have lived about 20 years.
When we meet frustrations, we should be confused or feel afflictive.
So, in my mind, frustrations are a part of our life, and we should not avoid frustrationts.
However, in the present, as a collage sutent, the ability of get over frustrations are not enough.
the part of reasons, I think, which have two sides.
the first one is parents cocker their children.
they always deal with everthings well for children.
and make children like the flowers in greenhouse.
the second one is personal reason.
The first is ourself, we should have the brave to face the frustrations and make effects to deal with it, and we also can turn to someone.
the second is school.
the most of time of a day, we stay in the school, so school can make some classes so that teach stusents how to face frustrations and send teachers help students get over.
the last but not the least, as parents, they also should encourge their children and give they confidents, so that help they get over frustrations.
Now, I will tell you something about the after-clsss activities that I have taken part in.
First, I'm always present mass organizations.
Such as the mess organizations about art and music, they can make my after-class time colourful.
Second, I like sports vrry much so I like playing football with my friends every afternoon.
Third, watching English movies is my favourite.
I think some of the movies are make-up stories, but some parts of the movies insinuate the reality accurate.
If you want to take part in after-class activities, you can enjoy yourselves.
But you can't spend too much time on it.
I have a busy father and a kind mother , my father is famer , he is 50 years old , he likes reading news paper .
Nowadays, laptop computers has become popular with college students.
Students with laptops will also have access to the Internet.
In addition, they will be able to use e-mail to 'speak ' with their teachers, classmates, or families.
However, the most important part of the program is that students will be able to use computers without going to computer labs.
There are some impacts on undergraduates's life and learning.
Some college students spend a lot of their spare time on playing computer games which is harmful to their study.
The main task of students is to study hard.
Personally, laptop has a lot of benefits for college students, for example, it can facilitate us to collect information.
When we want to do a special project, but lack of information, as long as we are surfing the internet by laptop, we can immediately find a lot of data which will help us a lot.
At the beginning of the movie, Da tong let Dennis apologize to paul because Dennis fight with paul.
In order to let Dennis say sorry, he hits Dennis in public and I think he wants to show his respect to his boss.
Afterwards, Dennis cries to his mother and said he refuses to apologize because the boy called Da tong stupid.
The situation makes the American so strange and American wouldn't hit their children in public.
This is deep cultural difference between nation and nation, I think American law play an important role in protect children.
And because of the distance from the school are very far, or many parents are very busy.
So, many students live in school.
Some people are support of it.
In their attitudes, they think this can solve many problems and save many times.
Their children also can achieve great protection from school.
However, other people don't think so.
They think these children loss the control of their parents, and have too much freedom.
As far as I can see, nowdays children most are only child.
When they live in home, they can not achieve great help with busy parents.
But when they live in school, they have many friends , classmates and teachers.
They can ask for help to them.
They also can get great control by teachers.
Every time , when I meet this condition, I usually respect another opinions.
For example, when I meet some hard problems in study .
In my opinion, however, these two views are certainly can be negative, the key depends on their own outlook on life, their attributed towards things, if you are a optimistic positive rational person, believe that love will is a good thing, but if both sides is very pessimistic, or negative life attitude, then fall in love really can interfere with one's study.
Therefore, we should keep optimistic attitude towards life, with optimistic, rational thinking should be learn to face and love.
and we can't get rid out of it .
students do their school assignments by it .
However .
Rely too much on computer , which has seveal problems .
rationality, and deal with it corretly .
is harmful for our health .
Talking about the fashion of this time is always my favorite thing to do with my friends.
It is a new style of TV show which choose the best singer of China.
The judge just listen to the song without looking at the appearance of the singer.
They only have a audition first.
If they think that they find out the voice they appreciate, they would turn their chairs back to the performance stage.
In my view, the idea of ths TV show is wonderful and evryone has an equal chance to be a singer singing on the stage whatever you are a teacher doctor or worker.
There are quite a lot students thinks it useful to get online.
The reasons is as follow.
First, we can easily get information with the internet search engine and this new learning way makes it possible to learn at any where or time.
Internet is just like a window which leads us to learn about the developmomental world and broaden our horizons .
Of course, it is usually used to communicate and share things with friends.
Meanwhile, the other students keep a different opinion.
They considered staring at the screen is harm for our eyes .
In fact, many students are addicted to chatting and their playing too much computer games takes up their study time so they usually can't get good marks at school.
Surfing on the Internet is a waste of time and energy.
In my opinion, apparently, it is wrong to judge whether Internet is wholly good or not.
A thing must have its advantage and disadvantage.
The Spring Festiv is one of the most important time to every Chinese.
We have a big dinner at my our home.
Some people think that do not help parents do housework but i think we should help parents do the housework , parents work every day after a very hard to go home to cook, so we should try to help parents do more housework do not let parents involved.
Some of them which support to get online hold the view that it's necessary for high school students to get online frequently.
They thought getting online can help us to access the knowledge and broaden our horizons.
Besides, we can exchange the thoughts and share the interseting things which happened these days with our close classmates.
On the other hand, others didn't think it's good to get online.
They believed that it will be bad for eyes if we spend too much time on getting online.
In addition, it's easy to fall in playing games and chatting.
In my opinion, it's a good and bad thing.
It can not only help us with the homework but also let us depend too much on it.
The most important thing is that we should try our best to use the Internet regularly.
He insisted that the elevation of excitement of the soul be the poetical principle.
Chinese people place great value to relationship, while westerns tend to the more realistic.
During recent years, the opinions about the life of university are seriously.
Some students think they should study hard and hard.
They think academic performance is still very important though we are university students.
Another part of students think communication ability is more important than knowledge.
As far as I'm concerned, both of them are very important.
It's real that only having a good academic performance can we find a good job, but we still should have a good ability of academic performance so that can we do the job better.
Among the European countyies, my dreaming destination in Europe is Switzerland.
Switzerland is a developed country in Europe, situated in central Europe.
It measures forty-one thousand square kilometres and has a population of seven million and five hundred thousand.
Berne is the capital and third largest city of Switzerland and Geneva is the world famous city.
About half of my classmates hold supportive attitudes to getting online frequently, They have got more known more since they the first time they used the Internet, The explainations, pictures of the animals or machines broaden their horizons, The computes are also used to communicate with their friends, classmates or families.
But don't all the classmates support to get online frequently, In terms of health, getting online is bad for our eyes.
In addition, a part of the students can't stop them from chatting online or play games which are attractive.
In my opinion, The Internet is a wonderful tool for us to study, but sometimes it influences us badly, We are lucky because we have access to use the Internet, We'd better use the Internet scientifically.
The American writer Mark Twain once said, I can live for two months on a good compliment.
Cite examples from your experience , observation, or reading to support your ideas.
Have you listened the fable titled The Ant and the Grasshop.
Acroding to all the reasons, we can find many solution.
Secondly, We should take in to do more useful things to enrich ourselves.
On the one hand, we can find the best in ourselves.
I'm Vickey.
Now I want to tell you something about my life in Beijing during Spring Festival.
First, I often study and communicate with my Chinese friends and I play sports with them, too.
Besides, I have went to the historical sites and scenic spots, watched the Peking Opera, tried the tasty food, known about Chinese histories.
I love my Chinese friends and I love my life in Beijing.
In today's society, is facing many social phenomena.
Many people think lifted it up worryied that he will stick to his own, Obviously do good also slandered feel that they can not accept.
Therefor, many people not welling to help and don't want to help.
It is said that knowledge is power.
It is so easy to answer this question, which I think the pupils have cognized.
To be frank, we have been learning many the proverbs about the advantage of reading books.
It is known to us that schools all over the world all have libraries containing paper book and e-book in which we can find a various kinds of books which range over every field.
Nevertheless, only a little part of us make full use of them.
Most people would rather be busy in doing some other things, such as making friends, making money, surfing internet or shopping, than finding a interesting book to gain some knowledge.
In England, some magical book with a particular int has been created.
It is said that if you do not read it immediately, you will find that the book has been blank.
This kind of book is invented for those who always do not have time to read books.
My English name is Cindy.
I am 15 years old.
l am a senior high school student.
My new school is bigger than my old school, and the playground is smaller than my old school.
My favourite activity when l was in first grade is Chinese, because it's very simple.
She is a kind old lady.
one day , I go to a bookstore, I found a book named Ruth.
now , Now I'm a grown-up, We have to learn to be independent, Learn a person's life, The great success of the men said to loneliness.
  If you think you can .
the well-known saying which my friend always say.
Sometimes , when trouble comes people always wanna escape at first .
When i was 11 years old my english is really poor so that l can't have a good ranking .
Regardless of these time we still have a lot of free time.
I decided to go to the university called Saint Martin's which in America for culture communication, it is worth going there, even if I could hardly understand what they say, I will still learn a lot, for example the food in America, the traditional of America and so on.
Because I can help many unabled.
They want to keep screts just like we were young.
On the other hand, books borrowed from libraries or other people should be well kept.
All in all, reading should be done as much as we can.
In today's condition , the society needs a more thoughtful generation to support .
But , the condition of 90's isn't very well.
Of course they face a more compitytive society.
But it also can causes a more lightful future.
The other peopels' opnion also cause us fell upset .
the people who think 90's lack the coolporation and also easy to give up what they real wanted And what's more are self centred.
But I should say we also have a advantage that is willing to have adventure.
so please everyone please clap you hand for this .
The idea of me is we just have a little problem that we are too comfortable to understand the difficuit we need to confront .
Very hard though the work is, the hobby is essential.
Good morning everybody.
My name is B.
It's my great honour to stand here to give you a short speech.
I have a dream that one day every vally shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together.
I'm sure everyone has a dream of his own.
When I was a child, I wanted to be a policewoman.
As the time goes by, I had considered becoming a doctor.
But now I'm just a postgraduate student learning nothing about my childhood dream.
The changing world seems to tell me that people gradually get their dreams lost somehow in the process of growing up, and sometimes I personally find myself saying goodbye unconsciously to those distant childhood dreams.
Without dream, we will fall aimless and depressed.
They nourish our spirit; they represent possibility even when we are dragged down by reality.
I think the successful people are just the ordinary people who are not afraid to think big and dare to be great.
When we were little kids, we all dreamed of doing something big and significant.
Don't let the nameless fear confuse the eye and confound our strong belief of the future.
My dear friends, think of your old and maybe dead dreams.
I think the dream is not only the career you want to be, but also the life you want to enjoy.
In today's society, everyone is eager for success.
-ieve success.
In history, with strong will often be successful.
Gou Revival, for example, only to recover the more the country, Edison has a one percent talent, have to pay 99 percent perspiration to inventing the light bulb.
My favorite place is the reading room at the school.
It is a good place for students to stay.
The books in the reading room have word from different aspects, such as the books about histories, arts, geographies, literatures and even math, physics, chemistry, PE and so on.
I read word and magazines there because they not only provide me with much knowledge but also help me learn about what is happening around the world.
I can also relax myself in the peaceful environment there.
For me, the reading room is my favorite place at the school.
Love makes our life more color, makes our life has infinite possibility.
In our daily life, there are many things about love.
Therefore, the love is like air, Let us feel from more happiness.
I would like to treat the family friends, let them feel the love.
Once More To The Lake By E.
The sudden change of diction and tone and the unexpected ending make the closing paragraph of Once More to the Lake by E.
I am giad to haer that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
She teach us machs, too.
