For instance, I take part in after-school exercise.
I used to be very weak and unfit.
Since I take part in it I have been more and more healthy.
I have got strength and power via the activities.
Thanks to it, I am not afraid of running any more.
As you can see, after-school activities offer us a chance to improve ourselves.
But on the other hand, we should choose activities which are really good for us.
First of all, we should know what we exactly want and avoid spending too much time on useless things.
I want to say them again:  I love you.
With the rapid development of economy, great changes have taken place in life style.
In the past, people kept in touch with each other mainly by writing letters or using the public telephone.
As everyone knows, , Necessity is the mother of invention  .
Now everyone has their own phone, they can access the Internet using WiFi.
Today is the era of network communications.
It used to take several days to hear from each other, but now it takes only several minutes, even if they are in two different continents.
As far as wechat , publish dynamic, let your friends and family know what you're doing.
According to a recent survey, Wechat has six hundred million users in the world.
A lot of people make money using Wechat, you press your fingers, someone will put meals delivered to your home.
Now, seeking romance is become more and more popular with us students.
On the one hand , the critic hold the views that as soon as students lost themself in the romance, so they pay less attention on their study day after day, which will lead to failed in exams .
The romance can have a bad influence on their future.
Not only this, if the romance become show a lack of continuity in its appeal, but one people love another people too much, both of them will suffer from harm.
On the other hand, there are some people tihnk the romance can inspire two students to work hard, and two people can talk with each other mind to mind, they will have a good time on Campus.
In my opinion, our teenagers can'tcontrol ourselves enough, so we should learn to deal with the relationship between romance and study.
Firstly, the first impress is very important.
Actively making communication with other people and with a smile on your face, it will be better than smile-less.
  I just love your earring, they looks good on you.
Likely It was a pleasure meeting you.
After reading the passage   once more to the lake  , what impressed me most were the charming scenery and the exquisite feelings described by E.
The experience that E.
I still remember a song, my father told me when I was young, there was a sentence of song lyric: how much I want come back to the past , back to my hometown-.
After reading the passage, I feel I have fallen in love in the lake as E.
I dreamed there is a time when I can  once more to the lake for E.
Recently, the voice of China, which belongs to TV reality became very popular.
It has a talent structure which deserves watching most.of courst, it is blind cudition.
to the music which is created by singer with their chairs back to the singer.
if the judges were keen on the singer's performance , they would turn their chairs and give the singer encourgement.
theirselves.
our planet.
However, more people are aware of the importance of protecting the earth.
used.
complication.
People are supposed to be more natural .
As a university student , it is high time that we took action to have low-carbon lifestyle.
begin with, going out by bus or by bike is of great significance.
other instant contact rather than facsimile printer should be more used.
As is known to all, Blind-date Show has roused a wide attention.
Whenever we turn on TV, those scenes of blind-date Shows would pop up on the screen.
In reality, I think that the phenomenon is normal very much.
For one thing, recently, the lonely-hearts are rapidly increase.
More and more people cannot find their partner, so the Blind-date show is a good way of solving the problem.
As far as I am concerned, I support the Blind-date show.
First, the Blind-date show can help a lot of lonely-hearts to find their partner.
It is a great platform to communicate with each other.
Second, the Blind-date Show can enrich our life.
It can bring happiness to people.
As the saying goes, Actions speak louder than words.
We usually write something which is so stodgy that no one may affirm at all.
However, almost nobody can observe.
My school has various kinds of activities, as a result, I has taken part in many club activities which do me a lot of good.
For example, I can make some friends and I can learn many life exprience that is important in the future as well.
Sports can not only improve my physical ability but also let me have a break among the heavy study tasks.
Besides, it can offer lessons about teamwork and make our friendship closer.
When we watch English movies, I have learned many useful everyday English which help me make progress in English.
And below are some suggestions for you.
It's important to know that you should choose an activities which you are interested in and fit for.
Also, you need to understand that your mainly work is studying so I must say that you had better not let the activities make an affect on you study.
The first day of my university is wonderful.
This is a lake which can bring happyness to me .
WhenI saw that lake I believe I will enjoy a colorful life .
we were walking around to the university.
After that we went to the hall, and we got some more information about this university .
I think this is a place which always appear in my dream .
I am so happy to take part in this big family .
It belongs to a real people show, in fact, it is a match of singing a song.
At frist, singer sings the song while the judges sit in the turnable desk , which are backed at the singer.
If the judge interests the singer, he will turn around the desk.
I think it deserve looking, every singer sings very well and behaves excellently.
Tell me your view of that.
As is known to all, rapid developments in technology brought us a new era.
With the aid of highly-developed public transportation, long-distance travel isn't trouble any more.
At the same time, the group of private car owners is growing bigger and bigger.
The smart car who can see and hear and feel and smell and talk and act under the control of electronic sensors fixed in the car is expected to solve some driving problems.
It can eliminate the existence of the drunk driver and the sleepy driver.
We are eager to see a decrease in the number of people that are killed or badly injured each year in traffic accidents.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
Most of us have already taken part in them and enjoy the colourful activities.
As for me, different club activities and sports are my favourites.
They not only make me go out of shyness, but also develop my abilities and make me strong and health.
What's more, I love watching English movies very much.
I can learn real English and know about foreign cultures in this way.
If so, you can choose a club for your hobbies.
Then you can choose some after-school sports.
There are also a number of interesting activities waiting for you.
Britain is the most powerful period in the 19th century.
Nowadays, the Internet is becoming more and more popular.
People throughout the world use it to chat online, shop online, finish the task which is assigned by the boss, play the games and so on.
As we all see, the Internet has occupied our life.
In my humble opinion, at the moment people aren't able to live without the Internet.
However, as the saying goes, Every coin has two sides.
We should look to the bad aspects of the Internet.
With the spread of the Internet, people no longer communicate with others face to face.
The relationship between friends, family members, colleagues is worse than before.
They all have less communications.
In the picture showed above, we can see the interpersonal communication between the father and the daughter is very brief.
It should be noted that we must focus on interpersonal communication.
We should realize that while the Internet can bring us a great deal of convenience, it can not take the place of interpersonal communication.
We must focus on both, especially interpersonal communication.
If we communication with others face to face, we can eliminate the contradict and promote the relationship and emotion between people.
Then, our life will become more colourful.
In my free time, I like playing basketball with my classmates or my friends.
I like playing basketball very much.
I play basketall every Friday.
So I am very tall and strong.
If I am very happy, I will do some sports.
Because sports can help me to more excited.
When I am sad, I will talk about with my best friends or my parents so that I can be happy.
I think when I am very sad.
I used to imagine my college life while I was in senior high school .
University life is very boring.
I do not know how to deal with the plenty of spare time.
Some people think that the university should learn a personal life in order to adapt to the future social life.
I think they just live for life, No matter whether happy, I think they are real robot.
Studying in college is a brand new start of our life.
You should live your different ways .
This article introduces the impact of WTO and NAFTA on the economy of U.
Even though supporters say U.
What's more, Fast track trade negotiating authority is not for the nation and will not have any effect on the economy.
With the implementation of NAFTA, the substantial appreciation of the U.
S dollar has stimulated FDI from U.
In all, even though free trade is the long-run trend, WTO and NAFTA has fatal flaw and can not achieve the desirable outcome.
Today there are much problem of pollution in our life.
For example, water pollution, rubbish pollution and so on.
In my opinion , the most pronlem is the water pollution, because if we do not have water we will die at once.
Wo must do something to protuct the envicoment, so what should we do.
First, do everything from our llife.
From the above analysis, we can see that the contemporary college graduates want to take the jobs that are consistent with their own characteristics.
In the passage, the author told us an anecdote that he found difference between Chinese and western learning style.
Chinese style is teaching by holding children's hand, which were regarded as resulting in lacking the creativity.
But the western-style education is not that superior in every aspect, at least it isn't effective when I learned tennis.
Here is my story.
About seven years ago I began learning tennis and took a lesson given by a foreign teacher.
He taught in a downright western way, he never talked about the elementary movements of tennis, just let us play.
Three months later, I found myself still clumsy in such sport, I thought tennis was so difficult for me that I quit the class.
I think, creativity is not the principal thing in learning everything, for example, swimming, languages, physics, math, etc.
When learning something sometimes we need a template, and sometimes we need to get the facility first so that we can be confident of getting into further learning process.
There is an increasing interest in live together .
There is some truth in both arguments .
Nowdays, internet are more important in the daily lief.
We can communcate with our friends on QQ, renren and MSN.
And share our feeling on our blong.
There are tow parts of the internet.
One part, the internet to the benefit of our lief.
Firstly, we may be made many friends on line.
And we can gets some important things, like the news, the weather variations and so on.
Secondly, we can buy clothes, shose, furniture, and so on.
On line these things are very cheap.
So the internet is good for our daily life.
Like, it have many blight, such as blight webpage, the bad person.
We can buy something on line, but went we couldn't choesen the better we should be cheat.
In my oppinion, the internet is gooa for us.
It can save ouer time and make life easier for the population.
Although, the internet have many blight, we can balance the good thing our the bad thing.
I think the internet can give us a good lief.
We can use it change our lief and developing our world.
We hold our  s breath.
When I hace a different opinion, I will keep my opinion and check my opinion.
If it is right I will listen to others point of view.
And then compare the two opinions to find which is better.
It is easy to know the mean of two heads are better than one  .
More people means more power.
If it is a genius opinion, not only I will share it, but also I will persuade others.
Why do the phenomenon appeared widely in society, here are some of  reasons.
Almost all the merchants want to earn more and more money, people who bugs something wants to spend the least money.
At the same time the dishonest people widely to see in society.
If anyone of the society does anything dishonest to each other.
We should be honest with other.
I love my families including my mother, my father and my younger brother.
Now I'd like to introduce my father to you.
My father is tall in acquaintances , but his height is just 1.68 meters.
I feel my father is very thin because he stays up to work hard to bring up my brother and I. Especially, there is a little mole in the middle of my father's forehead.
What's more , my father is a optimistic and very nice.
Sometimes he is strict to my brother so that I'm a little afraid of him.
That there is one of the anecdotes left an deep inpression on me is he gave up working to go back to my senior high school as soon as knowing my foot was scalded by a pot of boiling water.
At that time, on the one hand, I feel I would go to pieces because college entrance examination was approaching and it was just in one month .
However, the bubble was so big that I couldn't wear the shoes.
I thought I couldn't get through it.
It is so much news about  safe in school  these days.
In my opinion, it is impossible to keep safe at school because it is impossible.
We shouldn't do anything to keep safe.
I am very happy that you will come to China.
lt has a history of more than twenty crnturies .
However, it's very hard to define one's success ; the standard differs.
The key word of my success is beyond.
As we all know , the talent , from which we inherited our parents , essentially to our achievements , is not equal.
Thus we shan't define one's success by their final achievements, but progresses.
If one makes progress and is in the way of being better than who him used to be , albeit without outstanding accomplishments, he is among the most successful people.
When it comes to the factors , there exists three kernel factors of success--persistence, confidence and diligence.
Persistence owns the priority over the other two , because success is a process of accumulation .
What's more , confidence that provides motivation for going further and diligence that concrete our foundation are both necessary.
Nowadays we all talk about being rich.
Some people think that being rich means owning more money.
It is known to all that health is the basics of our life.
There once a millionaire.
He opened such a big company that he even did not know how much money he had.
Obviosly, he was the happiest person in common people  s eyes.
However when he was interviewed in a tv, he did not feel so happy as common people felt.
he said that he had little time for their children and because of that , his children did not want to stay with him .
Moreover, he had a unhappy marriage.
Shotly speaking, he cannot feel the warmth of family.
The train is more fast than car.
We went a lot of place, such as the Great Wall, the Summer palace They are very famous.
And then we ate many delicious food in Beijing.
My favorite food is noodle.
My parents and I enjoyed this trip very much.
The reform of college entrance examination influences the English tests.
Students can select the time and the number of times they want to take the exam.
Compared with the current college entrance examination system, I don't think the new one is better.
The current system tells students that there is only one chance to get into a famous university.
What it teachs us is that there are some vital affairs in our lives which may offer you only one chance, and you must make full use of it to achieve success.
At the same time, the new exam system increases the students' burden.
Although they can take sereval exams, the more they take, the more pressure they will suffer.
When a student get a good mark in an exam, he may worry about whether he will still get a high grade in the next exam.
What makes me feel the current system is better most is because it can find the bright students more easily.
I take the current college entrance examination in gratitude.
It lets me experience a lot.
It is helpful for us to read English book to know more knowledge.
In today's society , English became a recruitment requirements , so we need to gain a high English level that the company require.
Students' Union will hold an outdoor activity this weekend.
It gets warm recently and it's a good chance for us to go out and get close to nature.
Now let me tell you some details about the activity.
We will get together at the school gate at 7:30 on Sunday.
It will start at 8:00 and end at11:00.
We are all busy working or studying in our daily life.
I'm sure it will be a good way to relax.
I'm looking forward to your coming.
With the development of society, the life of people become more and more rosy.
The government came up with creating conservation-oriented society.
Creating a conservation-oriented campus require students to save resources.
Due to the students' waste the phenomenon is very severe.
For example, firstly, we always can see an army of students remain much meal in the canteen.
Secondly, we also always see some students don't light on.
So far as, resources are short when we share them.
So creating a conservation-oriented campus is essential.
So we should call on a sea of people participating in the activity.
In daily life, we should get into the habit of good.
In recent years, civil service exams become the popular topic that people are talking about.
People are increasingly realized that the civil service is a very good job.
Civil service is working in government departments.
This particular work determines the welfare and the retirement security of civil service are very good.
I think to find a good job, not necessarily to become a civil service.
I think the real good job is everyone you love, is suitable for everyone.
The most important is everyone could be happy.
We can have the fish for dinner.
His wife said, Oh, the fish was eaten up by the cat.
Confronted with the high pressure of life, we always short our cuts.
We want to use less money so as to get more goods.
So we collect all kinds of coupons and look for group-buy deals to meet our needs.
First we always buy something that is unnecessary to use the coupons.
Sometimes, the coupons are for some commodities that we are not really need, while we buy it just for the fact that they are cheap.
Actually we don't use it ever.
Second, although the commodities are cheaper than not using the coupons, the quality of commodities can not be promised.
When we purchase it home, later, we will find those may be fake, or second-hand, such thing can be irritating.
When we buy the goods, saving money is not the only thing that we take into account.
This just like our parents.
My name is Y.
I am a 18 years old girl.
I live in a beautiful city of X.
As far as I am concerned.
I am a happy girl.
I think friendly is so important.
So I began to bring to bring up this character.
As time goes by .
I have many friends.
My hobbies are listening to music and reading different books.
I will do exercise in my spare time.
My favorite subject is English.
lt's more meaningful to learn English well.
All in all we need to communicate with different persons.
So we should learn English harder.
With the time going by, and the winter holiday is coming.
I am away on holiday until 1st of March.
It lasts fifty days.
It is so long that we have much time to do something, wich we like to.
Nonethless, we can't forget to learn English.
In my heart, learning English is useful and interesting, and we can know about the customs and the scenic sports of other states by learning it.
It is said that creep before you walk.
So we ought to make a plan for it.
First, we can make a list of the things that we need to do every day accurately, such as reading the words and passages loudly in the morning, learning some good sentences by heart, writing weekly composition, and asking a friend to study together with you.
So you can monitor each other.
Then, I want to be an English education to practise my spoken English.
Besides, I can earn some money for myself to buy a computer.
I think if you follow the prescribed orders, and everyone can be goog at English.
It's very useful to have a part-time job for students.
On the one hand, Part-time job can give us the additional cost of living.
Good exercise their various aspects adility and function, convenient your better integrated into the society in the future.
On the other hand, relatively, especially the girls go out part-time.
They easy to be deceived by society.
College students less time.
The advantages and disadvantages of college students part-time is actually a pair of contradictions.
In our country , there are a lot of students whose parents can not provide the cost for their daily school life.
Therefor The ministry of education carried out an education loan system .
Students can apply for a loan to the government during the university life.
However , many impoverished students intentionally forget it after they graduated .
They don't pay back the loan on time.
If we look for some information we need, it helps us to find useful information effectively.
I assume that free libraries established in each town, our living standards will raise gradually.
There are many students like to sleep too long time in university, I think that is a very serious problem, they are wasting time on the bed.
My father is the one I love most in my life.
Seen through the eyes of many other people, father seems to be a kind man , easy to approach , thoughtful , and forgiving, always care about other people.
As to me , father is a good teacher and friend of mine.
He is a hard-working man and always tell me that : hard work is the only thing that will lead you toward to success.
when I accomplish something unusual , he show his happiness as well as pointing out my mistakes and shortcomings, then, provide some advice about what should I do next.
I'm proud of you, my father, I'm proud of being a son of you.
In the last part, the author concludes several causes of the rising trade deficits, such as the sustained and substantial appreciation of the US dollar and devaluation of foreign currencies, the creation of the WTO and NAFTA, which were fatally flawed .
Now we are entering a brand era, and great changes have taken in our daily life.
In ancient wirting letters is a sole way to contact with others while recently we can use it to contact at any time.
However, everything divides into two.
Although mobile phones can make our life more convenient and reduce the distance between people.
Oppositely, it also have negative influence in our life.
On the one hand, using mobile phones frequently will do harm to our health, like myopia etc.
On the other hand, with the technological development, mobile phones have many foundations.
We can use it to play games, communicate online and so on, which spend our too much time to concern people around us.
As you know, I was invited to go to China as the messager between Canada and China during the Spring Festival.
During these days I studied with my friends that come from China and talked with them and we also did lots of sports.
It was happy for me to visit the snece of Beijing and watch Peking Opera.
I can not forget them , espiecially jiaozi is my favourite food.
I spend a few wonderful days.
With the development of society, there are more and more people who beg on the streets.
For this phenomenon, I disagree with it.
First and foremost, some of those beggars are cheaters, they just make use of the people's sympathy to get money without going to work.
If we take money to them, there will be more and more beggars on every coner of the street.
The other reason is that everyone have hands, so they can rely on their own hands to make money rather than beg on the streets.
Making money by themselves is the long-term solution to solve the problem of food and clothing.
In my opinion, I think we should help others, but we should choose a better way which can solve the problem completely rather than give them money.
When it comes to college life, we can't ignore this fact.
That on campus we can see some not good phenomenon widespread which do harm to their health.
Typical examples are followed, some of them stay up too late which easily resulting in waking up late even skipping classes.
Others consume too much money in an inappropriate way.
It can be noticed that the majority has a good learning of the negative impacts.
In the first place, they have difficulty in focusing on lessons about what teachers said in the daytime.
In addition, they are likely to neglect their studies and drop out.
They gradually become physical or mental ill-being.
Therefore, we just can not leave youngsters alone, or they are likely to be influenced by unhealthy tendencies.
It's high time that the college students should take effective methods to get rid of unhealthy habits and live a colorful life.
It is advisable that college students themselves ought to strengthen the awareness to lead a healthy life.
Furthermore, they ought to gather the courage to participate in outdoor activities and go to interesting and meaningful clubs.
Last but not lest, students themselves should control their lives in an appropriate way to maintain a balance between playing and studying instead of yielding to the temptation.
There is a general awareness that smoking is harmful and would lead to cancer.
Whether smoking should be banned in China has aroused a heated controversy.
The Chinese government has passed the law to ban the smokers that they can't smoking in public.
The smokers argue that the government shouldn't interfere their smoking right.
On the contrary, many other people insist that smoking should be banned in China.
First of all, they are not willing to breathe the second-hand smoke, because in public, the gas would be always filled with the smoke, it is evident that the air will hurt their body.
Secondly, they consider that smoking is not only harmful to the body, but also wastes considerably money.
They spend the money in harming themselves.
In my point of view, quitting smoking is so tough that although many people know it's harm but they can't refuse to smoke again.
The law would perform practically no functions like the condition going on.
As far as I'm concerd the noise pollution is harmful our life .
It can be make us upset and lose heart to do everything .
thus , If we have a good sleep we can do everything better.
so to making noise far away form us are different.
What known to us all is that computers are a part of our life.
But it do not means that we must use computer to do anything.
Of course we have to admit that internet is very comvenient and quickly.
As far as I am consider, I think chat to friends face to face are better than on computer because I can see him and feel his morales.
So I just use computer to do office work.
I am a man.
Nowadays, with the development of technique and science, person's life improve obviously and quickly.
So almost every family has their nongovernmental car.
In order to rescue time or become convenience, people wouldn't like to go to work by foot.
More and more young people are used to driving a car or taking a taxi.
From my point of view, the traffic jam is a very essential problem to resolve.
In reality, the traffic jam takes a serious affect.
For example, ambulances can't get across quickly, as we all realize, the speed of ambulance meas the hope of life.
So, the government should solve this problem timely.
Some students put themselves under games.
Some won't go to sleep until night.
Some choose excessive consumption to satisfy their desire, and so forth.
So in order to lead a better life, they must make a chang as fast as they can.
Here are some suggestions might help them.
In the first place, they should realize what they want to harvest during the college period.
Forthermore, set a goal to push themselves to go ahead.
Then, try their best to change the unhealthy habits.
As the old saying goes, Where there is a will, there is a way  .
Except summer holiday and winter holiday, the national day holiday is the longest.
As far as I am concerned, I plan to stay at school .
First, as we can know, one factor is that we always pay more attention to the methods which we used to do homework when learning English.
That day my father angry with me.
With the fast development of the world, people live in a quick fix society, and have a lifestyle in a fast lane, the ways of communication among people have changed.
For example, the Blog, shorted for Web log, has appeared.
First of all, bloggers can record what they see, what they think and what they feel by using Blog, just like the diary, but compared with the diary, Blog can protect the secrets of bloggers better.
Secondly, bloggers can express the emotions through the Blog, to show the happiness or sadness.
Thirdly, the celebrities also have the Blog, and bloggers can learn about some information of celebrities whom they are interested in through Blog.
However, every coin has two sides, Blog also has some disadvantages.
Firstly, in order to improve attention, some bloggers will write some dishonest, unhealthy information in the Blog.
With the gradual development of society, people more and more important to find a job for degree, and think a degree to prove one's ability.
Of course, the view is right, but I am not totally agree.
In my opinion, a pice of paper cannot proved personal capacity.
On the one hand, Even if social progress very fast, but not everyone have the chance to accept university and other higher education, there are many people did not have a college degree, But this part of the people there will be other skills, not just confined to study test research.
They maybe can create a new space.
On the other hand, theory of current employment environment, apart of education, experience is also becoming more and more important.
The west country which I want to go is Switzerland.
Switzerland is situated in the middle of the European.
With a population of 7500000, it's over 4.1 million square kilometers.
Berne is the caption of the country while Geneva is another famous city in it.
Among Switzerland, there are some famous cities, such as Austria, France, Italy and German.
Switzerland is knownas the  World Garden for its scenery.
It's one of the most beautiful cities in the world.
I think The holiday is benefit for me, I feel wonderfui .
I think, when my parents go back, they will happy to see me.
My English is so pro, but I like speak chinese english, I can speak PUTONGHUA, My chinese is very good, there are many chinese grammer in it, I can speak it smooth.
It is the space where I release from books , I am free to make any choice to go forward to my destination .
Everyone has an unforgettable thing in winter holiday.
Before the yesterday, i read a bookcalled The adeventure of Tom sawyer  .
It is also one of my favourite great book.
Tom the hero of the book, lives with his aunt Polly.
He is alively and clever boy.
he does not like people telling him what to do, so he always get into trouble.
He and his best friend, Huck Finn, run away to an island in the middle of the Mississippi River.
Tom has more trouble because a bad man named Injun Joe.
Joe is looking for him later, Tom escapes from a cave with another friend, Becky.
It tells how young people grow how people love each other and how bad people pay for their actions.
On the one hand, students who use it can disturb others and make bad influence in the study.
Our schools should spend every moment they have told this to our children: This is life, this is what you are going to face, and this is how you deal with it.
When I was a child I have a lofty ideals, I tend to be a teacher, because I think teacher is the best occupation and teacher is the engineer of the human soul.
From then on, I always try my best to study hard to realize my dream.
Today many teenagers go to college.
Nomatter how their aim to what, but they have a same goal, such as get many knowledge and want to be useful people for ourself or society.
Up to now, college student already all over the world, if you have never get university education, you can not to live in the future.
In china, have one words knowledge can change the word  .
The world has changed a great deal since universities were established.
So i think .
Date back to May 1st 2014, I went to Neimenggu to plant trees with my father.
It was the second time that I took part in the significative activities with him.
This activity was held by Japanese.
Chinese students and Japanese volunteers formed a group to join it.
Desert climate was very bad so plant trees here was very difficult.
To my surprised, there were a lot of trees standing here like a desert guardian.
The guide told us that several years ago, a Japanese called Yuan Shanzhengying adhere to plant trees here more than ten years like one day.
His team have made such a great cause.
The guide taught Chinese students the way to plant tree.
Because of the heavy wind in winter, we must dig a hole as one meter deep.
For me, it was hard.
The sun shone on the earth like a ball of fire burning.
Although there had some wind, but I felt sweat down the neck down, I had to wear the long sleeve and sunglasses in order to protect my skin and eyes.
My father also accepted this task.
As a man, he planted faster than me.
But he didn't help me.
When I told him I was so tired, he always ask me to try my best and never give up.
The Jepanese's efficiency were very high and they enjoyed it.
They thought a variety of a tree, as much a minute for glory.
Now I can proudly tell that experience.
From then on I wasn't afraid of difficult courage and stick to it.
I'm L.
I'm eager to be a translator or a teacher in the further.
Recently I've carried out a survey on whether high school students should get online and my classmates hold different opinions on it.
Some of them think it necessary to go online frequently.
Because we can get knowledges from it.
Our minds can be broadened by going online.
What's more, we can communicate and share our ideas with our friends.
But one coin has two sids.
In the other hand, some of them consider the Internet as a useless one.
They think it does harm to our eyes when we go online.
And we will abandon ourselves to chat and play computer games.
In my opinion, the Internet can help us with our studies.
We can get online some times in our free time.
spring Festival is the most important festival in China, which is greatly celebrated among the Chinese.
For example, almost everyone in China is allowed to take a few days off spending time with their family.
Speak of family, family have great influence on the Chinese.
Recently, nobody could have failed to notice the phenomenon that the square dancing is becoming more and more popular.
Consequently, it has aroused heated discussion among public that whether it is appropriate to practice square dancing in the public area.
In addition, it is good for their health by this activities and further more, it can make a harmonious society and promote the fork music's development.
Others support the opinion that it is not appropriate to practice square dancing in the public.
Although it is their right that they can join in any activities, they should take other's feeling into consideration.
when they are practicing square dancing in public, maybe someone just sleeping , studying and so on.
Everyone has their own life, we should better obey to the social morality.
As far as i an concerned, to deal with this phenomenon, we should take a reasonable attitudes.
Square dancing's development is a good thing to some extent, but we should advantage it in a environmental and beneficial way.
Some people take some measures to inhibit it in extremely way , it is obvious that it is not a sensible and good way to cope with it.
It is time for us to take measures to avoid this trend.
Firstly, dancer should choose reasonable time and place to practice dance in order to not influence others normal activities.
In other words, they can make their voice lower to use it better.
Secondly, passers-by should adopt a sensible attitudes to this.
Injuring is not a good way to solve problem.
Nowadays, the blind-date show is becoming more popular whenever we turn on TV, those incredible scenes of blind-date shows would pop up on the screen.
This type of entertainment program is intensely popular, especially among young adults.
First, the rapid development of chinese economy and the growing gap between rich and poor people's lifestyle, , the busy fast-food life is a large number of young people, high education cost and other economic pressure make young people feel hard to fall in love and get married.
I think that parrots make the best pets.
Besides, they respond you spirits easily.
What'more, they are really smart.
The reason why I say they are smart because they can speak.
Finally, we can learn responsibility from keeping parrots.
We have to feed them, play with them and take good care of them.
It is really great for you to keep a parrot.
There are more and more teenagers to start smoking.
In that teenager have excessive pressure, they intend to smoke to relieve stress.
They have more homework to do, and they tend to have a good grades.
Nonetheless smoke is harmful for our health.
It's not only less impressive for smokers, but also unfavorable for others.
As far as I am concerned, smoking is extremely dreadful thing.
Now governments have banned smoking in school.
That's a good idea for who isn't smoking.
As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment.
Smoking contribute to many diseases, such as lung cancer and pneumonia.
Cigarette smokers to non-smokers outweigh harms.
Passive smokers than smokers are more likely to get sick.
In schools, the harm smoking is greater.
The cigarette via the release of harmful gases into the air to pollute the environment.
If one intends to smoke, I think he should smoke in private, not in the public places.
For example, school.
If smokers can quit smoking, this is how good thing.
In fact, smokers still have the freedom of smoking.
Recently, a survey conductded by professor Bron, concludes that graduate students are dependent on mobile phone and textmessaging , in the belief that they can reach other people instantly .
However , what afflicts them is that they can be reached by others, too.
The application of high-tech in social life , makes it possible to communicate with each other immediately.
Yet we must admit that , to some degrees , it will weaken our relations with relatives and friends , in that we just keep touch with them by phoning without expressing our personal emotions face to face .
In addition , we have less privacy .
Imagine that if a person know every detail about you at any time and any place, it is scared you .
Considering all these basic facts, we should be aware its advantage and disadvantage.
The entire society should work on it together.
Government should make regulations about its use correctly.
What is more , teachers should give students advices and guide them , which can bring benefits to them .
Then I read some interesting books.
Firstly, those who shop on the internet cannot know how the goods are before they buy.
I am a 21 years old girl .
In many people's eyes , they regard me as a college student .
Actually , I am a part-time teacher .
I came into college at September 1, 2009 .
After one year's learning , I felt school life is boring .
I have nothing to do everyday expect having classes .
At that time , I decided to find a part-time job to fulfill my spare time .
I searched on the internet .
Finally I found there is a room for a part-time teacher .
So I called the leader of that education constitution .
We made a deal that meet each other at his school .
It was my first time to be interviewed .
I stood on the stage nervously .
I can't hear anything and feel empty in my mind .
The leader said you can begin now .
Suddenly I realized I should deliver my lecture .
I encouraged myself in heart .
It was a long time to stand on the stage to deliver my lecture .
But I kept smile all the time .
After about 25 minutes , my lecture was over .
Unexpectedly , the lecture was smoothly taught .
Then I heard applaud under the stage .
The leader stood up and said , you are a confident person .
Your lesson is full of passion .
Now I have 45 students .
I can get on well with them .
As for them , I'm not only a teacher but also a friend .
I can not only teach them knowledge , but also teach them how to be a man .
Sometimes I told them my experience about to be a teacher , the first thing is confident .
In a word, the trend of taking part-time jobs in college students is a good sign for our society.
I think that college students should do more part-time jobs to enrich themselves.
Last Friday, something happened in our school.
In a rest a student fainted in the classroom.
Every student was surprised at first.
Sunddenly a student sent him to the hospital immdiantly, so that he was helped by the doctors in time.
Some times later the teacher called his mother about this things.
His mom was very worried.
When his mother came to hospital, the student who fainted is waked up.
The student get well now.
I think we should help each other when someone is in trouble.
With the development of information technology, we change the way of communication with others.
In the past, people wrote letters for others who were far away from him.
When Bell invented the telephone, we used it more often.
Then, the mobile phone was invented.
We could send messages anytime.
It was very convenient for us.
But now, we can communicate with our friends online, even making new friends.
First of all, since the advent of QQ, facebook and other information exchanges, our circle of friends become more and more widely.
If we get in trouble in reality and don't want to tell our friends, we can tell our friends in the network.
And we are never worried about that people talk to any others, because we don't know each other.
What's more, making friends online is a convenient way to communicate from different social classes and foreigners.
In spire of never traveling, we can know a lot of beauty spots and plenty of custom.
And it's a good way to expand the field of vision.
Finally, nowadays, more and more people have a blind date online.
It solves a problem that many people can't find a right spouse, but they can find them in other area.
So, many dating shows are on the rise.
In general, it is wise to make friends online.
A student fainted suddenly during the break between classes, but other students were calm when they saw it.
Some of them called  120 at once, others looked for the teachers at the same time.
The teachers knew it and arrived there soon.
They saw the weak student and then noticed that it 's serious.
At the moment the car came, and the student helped her go into the car.
And they sent her to the hospital.
She was treated in time, and her life was safe.
The teachers also call for her parents and told them good news.
From the thing, we know the students are calm, kind and helpful.
They helped the people who are in trouble.
We can make a large number ofpreparetions to make a good impression.
We always say that the first impression is very important.
So we must keep a good figure to face the daily life.
As one of the undergraduates, we can see all kinds of appearances in the schoolyard, especially bad.
For example, arrive late, leave early, truancy.
From now on, as an undergraduate, we should restrain our actions.
Keep a good job and rest habit.
First, go to bed early so as to get up early, we can attend class in time.
Second, in the classroom, listening to the teacher carefully, concentrating on what they say, and we will finished the class on time.
  Posting a reward to look for evidence, while at the same time deleting the evidences, makes people feel his claims lack sincerity,  Fang said on his micro blog.
. Hanhan responded by saying the articles were deleted in 2008 at the request of his publishing house and to protect his copyright interest.
He is questioning my integrity and moral quality.
With the evolution of the technology and educational, people experience more and more pressures in today's society.
Nevethless without the confidence you could not stang in your life.
When you meet various problems, you will sense frustration.
As we know, confidence is one of the foundation of success.
For example, a musician joins the music competition.
In the play, he found that music has some problems, but all the judges say music there would be no problem.
After much hesitation, he believes that his judgment is right, so he said in a loud voice: no, a certain wrong in the music.
The words sound just fell and the judges left the seat clapping, and they said, you are the champion of the competition.
In today's society, we have to confront more and more pressures, if you want to beyond others, self-confidence is one of the most important basics.
In the past, a theater group need to pick up an actor, most interviewees are shy that they cannot believe that they can success, in addition to a person looks very young.
  And the young man asked the director: Why cannot look straight into you.
Finally, the young man is selected by the director.
On the whole, maybe we do not take the most comprehensive knowledge, but we should have great assurance.
Jobs, a successful entrepreneur, who has a miracle of life is become the focus of the public now.
Not only he found the Apple company in 1970s but also the iPhone become the fashion.
The Apple products's successfully isn't accidental.
Thare are some reasons accounting for this fashion.
Firstly, He was the first people to see the potential that selling computers to ordinary people in the 1970s, Secondly, the design of the iPhone is so popular that which become a fashion quickly.
In my mind , I think the Job's life is a common life , he just did what he best.
Everyone is keen to win success, but sometimes we can suffer a failure.
It's certainly usual that we come across success or failure, so we should take it peacefully.
First of all, we feel disappointed when failure happens to us.
That might seem extremely reasonable.
On the other hand, we could obtain some experience that is beneficial to our development later from failure.
Otherwise, failure has a positive contribution to our life.
Usually, most people will get into trouble when they meet failure, and they even get hurt.
In fact, it may be an opportunity to improve yourself.
In a word, once failure occurs to us, we should adjust our attitude to it.
Then, face failure.
I even thought that I had just done the schoolwork when I was the pupil.
And it was the sole one in my brain.
However, it's wrong.
Nevertheless it's not everything.
I need enrich myself, including the interpersonal skill and so on.
They are like arms for us.
Listen to the professors carefully.
supports.
The key to be the top one is my disbursement in my study.
Second, I have to join some groups, for instance, the student union, the troupe.
I should take an active part in them on weekends.
I believe time is wealth.
I try my best to do things what I should do.
Third, I have to support myself by my own's labor as I have grown up.
That is a boy, he is so young.
His hair is longer than the general boy.
He has a pair of watery eyes and a straight bridge of the nose.
His legs are thin and long.
This is a very handsome boy .
He is keen to help people in need of help.
He kind of let me very moved.
He is a kind, generous, honest, clever boy.
Sometimes he let a person feel very strange, it's not like that, because he was thinking that ordinary people couldn't thinking of problem.
He told everyone around him is very good.
He likes playing basketball, table tennis, running, swimming and something like that.
But he was also a very love to eat, every day he eat a lot.
Sometimes, he also like a joke.
Remember once, he dressed up as a ghost to frighten the class a female classmate all cried.
It makes me feel he was naughty.
But he is a man who like a genius, various branches of learning achievement is very good.
Nowadays, the problem of the relationship in dormitory has drew many people's attention.
Because many students don't get along with the roommates very well.
Some feel very lonely and some are abandoned.
There is no better time than the present to patch up the problems.
The first thing you have to do is to find the problems and summon the courage to face them.
Second, you need to have a talk with someone.
Third, no one should allow himself to be emotionally abused by anyone.
Nawadays, mobile phones have become one of the most important tool of communication, and are becoming more and more important.
Mobile phones offer much convenience to college student.
But there are also some problems.
A research concluded that what the students like most about their phones was that they could reach other people and what they like least was that other people could reach them.
Generally speaking, college students are far away from their parents and their old friends, and the mobile phone is a convenient tool to contact with them by phone calls and test-messaging.
It is very necessary for the freshmen to have telephones to contact with their old friends when they can not be accustomed to the new surroundings.
However, some students are afraid to make new friends and lose contact with their old friends.
Anyway, the mobile phone plays an important role in our life.
We should make good use of mobile phones to colour our lives.
On this holiday, a naughty boy who is my former deskmate gave me a call.
He invited me to his celeb-ration party, because he was admitted by a famous university.
it to my mother, she was very angry.
I know the quarral between my mother and me owe to the genertation gap.
tion gap between parents and children is very common at present.
tions and have different views.
-unite with parents as soon as possible.
The opinion would cause a large debate.
Different people have different opinions.
In my opinion, it is correct in a large part .
Firstly, most of the people have inertia .
If they want to insist on doing something , they must learn to control themselves and have perseverance .
But most of the people always can't insist on one thing for a long time such as reading book .
Many people would put them in a corner or just read a part of them but not finished them after they buy several books .
Because they always have the thinking that the book could not run away and they can read it at any time if they have free time .
So , day after day they haven't read them completely in the end .
Secondly , books is a motive power to a certain degree .
As we know , if we borrow a book that means we should take it back to others one day and we just have short time to read it .
So , we would try our best to read it in our free time .
Of course, this is no deny that some people must be read a book when they get it in spite of the book borrowed or brought only if they have perseverance.
But I am sure that they almost read the borrowed-book faster than brought-book .
In a word , I support the opinion that above just was debated in a large part .
We should learn read books with our heart , putting them as our friends in our life rather than read them under the press .
Now, I hope you have some idea of Chinese Spring Festival.
The Spring Festival is one of the most important holidays.
Before Spring Festival people write or buy couplets to attach.
People prepare for the Spring Festival about half of month before the Spring Festival.
In the Spring Festival, people make jiaozis to eat.
According to the report from the Students' Union, there are some safety problems hidden in the dormitory such as the floors and the steps are too wet, charge while playing mobile phone.
Climb up and down on the starrs.
To keep us safe, we should prevent the possible dangers.
Then the producers embroil themselves in the judgments .
From my point of view, it's not necessary to require students to do written homework every day.
The assignment is just a method for students to review the thing they learned in class.
There is a common scenario that students in China go home with a lot of homework after school.
In order to get all the work done, students have to spend plenty of time on it.
However, actually some of the task is so easy that int's a waste of time for students to do it again and again.
Beijing is in the north of China.
Summer in there is hot, and winter is cold.
Everyone has his own secrets of study.
These secrets make great contributions to their study.
From my point of view, what is illustrated for a secret is something that someone have in private.
Besides, a secret is applied by one in secret.
Working hard does not mean that you will be sure to be triumphant.
However, dropping industrious personality must be your damage of study.
When I work hard everyday and never drop in, I am going to have a chance to chase others and defeat them.
In addition, making the most of time is another secret to my study.
Obviously, wasting time means killing oneself.
Because my time is limited, I must do my best to divide it into each subject, and I can take great notice of time in order to soar the speed of studying each subject.
Each subject is very crucial, they each needs to be paid enough attention to.
What'more, they each needs essential time to be completed.
Because of this, I must make the most of time.
Secrets need to be stuck to by me forever.
If I stick to my secrets, I will have more chances to achieve higher and higher grades and be much more brilliant as well.
Sometimes, I may feel too tired to stick to them.
But they are useful to me and they are my own secrets.
my dream job is being a translator, I like English, I appreciate those people who can speak English well.
When I was a child, I wandered how they can understand what the foreigner said.
I want to go through something special, so I join some associations, just like dancing team.
I think I will grow mature.
When I was a senior school student, I was full of curiosity about the college life.
In order to become a college student, I studied hard in my senior school.
With my three years' endeavor, I turn into a freshman in the college eventually.
As a matter of fact, the college life isn't terrific as we thought before.
Although we have much freedom, we lose our directions of study.
College teachers are not similar to those in senior schools, they nearly do not ask you whether you understand this question or pay attention to their qualities of classes.
In a word, they always finish their classes casually without responsibilities.
Many teachers said we should be independent as a college student, getting much knowledge through studying by ourselves.
As for the changes, what really interests me is all kinds of communities, and we can make some friends who have the same hobbies and improve our capacities there.
All in all, as a college student, we should make good use of our time to chase our dreams rather than idle away.
First, in the onlinelearning english your vision will be more open.
You can improve your ability in play at the same time.
You can make some foreign friends and they use english dialogue in this way .
You can not only understand the local costoms and practices abroad.
Second, online-learning can save a lot of money, when people want to take the course, they have to had in a lot of money buying books paying for the teachers.
While studying online can skip over these unnecessary stuff.
University study can be divided into two parts.
One part is to learn knowledge in the book and another is to learn skills which can be helpful for your future career such as the capacity of communication.
For the first part, you should acquire knowledge in the book by yourself a lot.
Because teachers in university are quite different from teachers in high school.
They don't often check your assignments as well as your attendance.
So if you want to acquire more knowledge in the book, you should be self-disciplined.
Library and self-studying are good places for you to study.
As for the second part, the knowledge is invisible so that you can't learn them in the book but in outdoor activities.
So when you have finished your assignments, you should go out to meet friends to establish your own community.
In a word, you should keep a balance between outdoor activities and book study.
Through times of war and rebellion, peace and estrangement, as well as becoming friends and allies, the UK and the USA cemented these deeply rooted links during World War II into what is known as the Special Relationship  , still described by a leading commentator as the key trans-Atlantic alliance  , which the U.
S. Senate Chair on European Affairs acknowledged in 2010 as one of the cornerstones of stability around the world.
In World War I, the U.S. and the U.
The U.S. and U.
Although the U.
In modern society, more and more teenagers begin to use cellphone.
Many people think that using cellphone is a good thing.
It is convenient for us to communicate and connect.
On the other hand, some people believed that teenagers use cellphone is a wrong thing.
Because some teenagers play it all the day so that they can not study better.
In my opinion, every coin has two sides, we should use cellphone properly.
I signed up for the 800-meter long distance run, which was demanding.
A case in point was that I failed to pass it last semester.
All the participants set out with the gun went.
I've never felt that the time past so slowly.
I was not a little exhausted after half of the distance.
I was taken over by other participants one after another.
Finally, I came up to their exceptions that I stuck to the finishing line.
I didn't get any ranking.
On the contrary, I realized what matters is the process, not the consequence.
To begin with, we went out by bus at 7.00 on saturday morning.
Our destination ia golden beach.
In the morning, we went to swimming in the sea.
swimming is a healthy sport.
besides, there are all kings of seafood, so we ate seafood on the beach.
The seafood tastey very delicious.
In the afternoon, we walked along the beach and enjoyed the view of the sea and took some nice photos.
This trip left adeep impression on me.
Though it was very tireed, we still felt very happy.
Today, as more and more students use the mobile phone, and they have the habit of carring on the body all day, so it's common phenomenon that they use mobile phone in many public places.
There is no doubt that this behavior will have no good effect.
We need to have an editor at school.
Firstly, you choose some articles for student which from English magazines and Internet.
We hope that the students meet demand.
Previously, you are happy to contribute free time for students service.
What's more, yours English level and arts are making satisfying.
First.
As can be seen from the photo, a man is writing an application for getting a job.
When he is writing, he is thinking of what job suits him.
His left hand holds his head and his face is full of sweat.
There are Plenty of papers in the table, most of the papers have wanted column.
Obviously, this man has difficulty in hunting for a job.
This is a common phenomenon in today's society.
Besides, lots of graduates have highly standard to choose a company.
Furthermore, when they study at university, they don't work hard and have no idea what they would want to be in the future.
Last but not least, A majority of professors impart students too much theoretical knowledge.
They are lack of practical skills, and when they enter into a new occupation, they need to make a fresh start.
So many companies will make fully consideration whether to hire graduates.
There are some tips.
First, you should collect much information about finding a job and acquire job opportunity.
This saves your time and money.
Interest is the best teacher.
If you are interested in the job, you will be willing to spend more time in doing it and you will have a good mood which promotes highly efficiency.
Third, you should write many applications to lots of companies which you choose and you also can write on the internet.
Many people will see it.
The words you write should express your confidence.
Although the job is hard to find, the opportunity is only for the prepared mind.
Every one has a dream.
Last year, I took part in a wonderful table-tennis match.
I learnd a lot from the game.
In addition, we need some audience .
So, you can imagin how busy I was.
I should have asked for three assistoes.
He asked some high grade students to help.
Having gone through last failure, this time Hershey became more careful and thus, his business ran fluently.
Being an excellent basketball player, Kobe also has his own most memorable moment.
There are plenty of children in the world and some of them were spoiled by their parents especially in china.
There is no doubt that give too more to children just like the parents in last paragraph may contribute to a serious result, lack of independent, which will become a great resistance in the journey of growing.
It is a good idea to communicate with children so as to let them profess them devotion.
All of us should afford children more space to develop themselves.
recently years, with Economic business rapidly developed, more and more people shopping online.
Online shopping can bring us many benefits.
For example, we can shopping at home, it's very convenient and needn't go out.
Then, it can save much time, we can buy something just click the mouse.
What's more, it's price very reasonable and also to be able to deliver.
Online shopping has a big advantage that we can shopping at any time and any where.
At the same time, there are some problems online shopping.
When we shopping online, we only can see pictures of goods instead of the real goods, so, the receive goods may be diffirence.
Besides, pay online may not security, password maybe stolen.
As we can see , online shopping still exsit unsafe problems and some question.
Currently, the major problem for job hunters to obtain employment.
After they solve this problem, most of people will have some doubts about their choice: choose a high salary or a promising job.
In the choice of employment, some people will prefer to have a high salary job.
As a job hunter, maybe he or she has payed much for thier job hunting.
They need money to make ends to meet.
Most people need money to afford their family.
For example, the peasant workers.
As we all know, the peasant workers undertake all of expenses of their whole family.
They are eager to high salary.
To them, the job with more high salary is more important.
Also there is another person maybe choose a job with high salary.
The graduates who are come from countryside and their family is poor.
After graduation, they want money to pay off loans taht their parents lent for their tutions.
Other people will choose a promising job.
This kind of person have a long term vision.
They want to walk further.
They are willing to do a small job with a promising future.
They have a strong mind to themselves.
After two years later, I will become a job hunter.
In my mind, i will choose a high salary job to do.
On the one hand, i want to make money to make my parents feel free.
On the other hand, i just want to live happily.
I think that i can find a high salary job which can make me happy.
If i find a job with a promising feature, i think i will bear more various of pressure.
I don't want to live with many pressure, i like easy life.
Love cannot be expressed in words and they must be felt with the heart.
Definition of a lot of love.
Friendship and love.
These is the people cannot be a lack of feeling.
I love my family and my friends.
My parents gave me life.
My friend and I had the best day and will always continue.
My parents and I get along as friends.
They will listen to my advice.
Never forced me to do things you don't like.
Our relationship is equal.
I thank my parents .
They gave me encouragement and happy life.
In eight years time they gave me a lot of laughs.
Cherish every person around.
Confucius said: learning without thought it is no use learning without thinking, thought without learning is perilous.
Socrates said, look at this issue, we reached the agreement.
Confucius said: I, three provinces in my body.
Only reflect upon themselves are not enough.
Confucius said: the book leave the question open, silence the rest, is betrayal, especially rare que perilous, running-in, the rest are few regrets.
Confucius said: the gentleman anakims; in speech and action.
Confucius said: knowledge, fresh is benevolence.
Confucius said: the gentleman and different.
In my school, you can jion lots of activities activities after school.
I suggest you jioning them, because you can learn learn a lot from them.
In my opinion, I think basketbaii activities is good.
In my opinion, it is really useful for us to learn by reading books.
So I always do some reading in my spare time.
When I read a interesting story book, I can feel more calm and relaxed.
All kinds of books have different styles, but whenever you often benefit from them easily.
Reading can not only open our minds but also make many friends by joining clubs.
Many cities are suffering from overcrowding.
They frequently drive to work instead of walking.
The increase in the number of the car, it brings a lot of problems.
Such as, it will lead to the traffic jam.
And it will bring the problem of environmental pollution.
The more population, the less house.
Some people will not have houses to live.
Some people will have enough money to see a doctor when they fell sick.
And their children will not have opportunities to receive education.
Because of the increase in population, it adds more pressure for people to find the job.
The quality of life of people can not be guaranteed.
Third, the overcrowding will lead to a shortage of resources.
As a result, though so many serious problems we are facing, it doesn't mean we can never get over them.
I think as a excellent teachermost important of all have a wealth of knowledge.
Some of the teacher help his students to learn who with knowledge.
But I don't think all good teachers should be kind, sometimes it is more useful to be strict.
The modern science and technology abundant and convenience people's life .
The air-condition , dust collector and microwave oven are the technology's product .
For example in the past people's target was to have enough to eat and wear but now people for keeping in a good health .
Open the traces of history, classic always plays a role can not be ignored .
whether in the pqst, now or in the future.
As a student, in my opinion, china vast territory and abundant resources, a long history, take thousands of cultural history.
For esample, with the improvement of people's livng stangard, the pursuit of people to higher and higher, more and more people like pop music.
There is no doubt that people can get a lot benefits from reading classics.
It not noly a good way for readrs to broaden their horizon and increase their knowledge in many aspects, but also can learn the society characters by reading classic.
Obviously , the latter is wrong, classic not outdate, classic does not represent useless, on the contrary, it is becsuse of the rapid of modern life, make people forget the classic, ignored in life.
People want is convenient, want is the entertainment, without thinking, yes, we should look forward, but the same do not forget to look back, it may be more beauiful.
As we know, mobile phones are of great benefit to all of us due to its strong functions.
They made our lives more convenient such as wo can keep in touch with our relatives who are far apart from us.
However, its advantages also lead some people to overuse them or even be addicted to them.
In one hand, people prefer chatting on line to face to face talking, so people will be alienated from their families and friends.
In te other hand, people who are addicted to games will abstain their studies and works, for a long time, their future broken.
In my opinion, the use of mobile phone must be limited by ourselves and we should make it useful for us instead of negative influence for us.
Ok. You may wonder what we goanna do about diet.
In modern society, we everyone plays different roles and we need responsibility to face everything.
For someone, responsibility is an important foundation for success.
Responsibility for the family, everybody hopes to have a warm and happy family, because the family is the harbor of the love.
As children, it is my duty to take care of your parents, we owe them a great deal for the love they give us while we are growing up, we should help them and give them everything what we can do and get when they are getting older.
As democratic country citizens, we must have a strong sense of responsibility to our country.
It's our obligation to keep our country strong in the world.
Finally, we must remember that we have a responsibility to the world to live in.
It is important for us to live in peace with other countries and protect our environment.
In the modern society, science and technology advanced so rapidly.
More and more things open our eyes and broaden our horizon.
Meanwhile, the problem of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere becomes more serious.
Continued carbon dioxide increase, it produced by factories and car, not only threatens to exhaust our resources, but also pollutes our environment.
A great deal led to the steadily concentration of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere.
On the one hand, we should take measures to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atomsphere and solve it.
Measures and well known to everyone---plant trees and reduce mineral combustion.
On the other hand, everyone must refrain from the global warming.
My name is M.
I am a student in class2, Business English.
I come from Y, N.
I have a big face, so I was looked fat.
Many classmates called me Kay Kay  , I like this nickname, because I think it is cute and it stands for their love.
I like music and sport.
My favorite sport is basketball.
In these days, I have joined the basketball team which will contest for basketball trophy.
When I was a little girl, I told myself that I must to be an English teacher or a foreign trade specialist.
Because they can talk with the foreigner well.
In my college, I hope I have a fluent English spoken after two years, I can do my favorite things, I also hope our teacher teach us more knowledge, I would study hard.
In our childhood.
If you lie to your parents.
Nowadays problems about environment become more and serious .
Taking good care of our environment is very importment wherever you live , you can do something around your neighbourhood .
It is really a tough problem about using euthanasia is a mercy or a murder for patients which have puzzled people for a long time.
Some people consider that using euthanasia is a mercy because they think if a patient is dying and has no hope to recover, using euthanasia may let him escape the misery.
To their families, it can reduce their financial burden and let them get rid of endless sadness.
However, some people hold that using euthanasia is a murder.
Ethicists fear that under the guise of meadical decisions not to treat certain patients, death may become too easy, pushing the country toward the acceptance of euthanasia.
If euthanasia is easily allowed to use, some doctors may not try their best to salvage patients and easily give up the hope of life.
Doctors say prognosis is often uncertain and that patients, just because they are old and disabled, should not be denied life-saving therapy.
As far as I am concerned, euthanasia can be a mercy if the laws are perfect and we have effective supervisory organizations.
Once my grandfather had a good friend who had got a serious cancer.
These days he suffered a great pain and was waiting for the death.
In the beginning, he could still bear the pain, but later he must rely on the morphine.
His family's choices are to put him in a nursing home until he dies or to a medical center for diagnosis and possible treatment.
At his last time, he looks terrible because he was so thin and weak .
  I am very sad to witness this tragedy.
So I think, a person can be given a better way to die, if he is dying.
Mrs Mary , an english teacher , came into my life .
She was like an angel .
I think university teacher's work is not hard.
Second I must be friendly in every day now.
Now more and more person have a various of diseases which are difficult to cure.
Because of it, we must discover a useful way to solve the problem.
Some scientists find cloning can do it.
Cloning helps us find cures to fatal injuries and diseases.
Besides, it helps couples to have babies they cannot have otherwise.
As a result, it can enable endangered species to increase their population.
Cloning is not only used in medical, but also used in agriculture.
We can use cloning to make some crops which can produce a lot.
New students come to a new place.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
First, I'd like to talk about my family.
Ten years later, I will be 28.
I will have a family with a humor husband.
Maybe we'll have two lovely babies so that they can play together.
I won't live with my parents, but I'd like to buy a house for them near my home.
