He is not only quite friendly, nut also humorous.
In his class, you will never feel bored.
One day, I failed an exam.
After that, he helped me improve my physics and we dealed with difficult problems together.
He helped me a lot.
I will never forget him.
In recent years, civil service exam is becoming the hot topic that people concerned.
As far as I am concerned, there are two aspects.
First, many people take the exam just because of group psychology, what others to do he do it also, but how it good, he does not know.
To be more specific, cheating make no sense.
For example, when their children want to have a night at their friend's home, they always worry about their safe even if their children have called them.
today, The teacher held a pig race, The class is divided into two groups.
The last one classmate.
The student looked a pig picture feel very interesting.
Nowadays, fewer and fewer students pay less attention to spell in studying English.
Many students usually practice to improve their English.
But they never due attention to spelling rules.
It is crucial for young people to study English.
And they don't check their article.
So, They always make mistakes.
They should read more English articles not only to gain knowledge but also to broaden their scope to change this condition we must know about right spelling rules.
there are three reasons for this , Firstly, online have a variety of material, we can choose to sui their own materials which can improve our study interest , Secondly, we can freedly and relaxing communication with the virtual people in the internet, it will improve our expression ability before we know it , Thirdly, when we remember the words can use while typing out , this can improve the speed of memory words.
Then, it can store lots of information .
it is smaller than paper book in size .
On the other hand, the e-book also faces many problems .
first of all, many people have traditional reading habit, compared with the e-book, they may prefer to choose the paper books .
According to recent research , people suffered the poor eye-sight , especially the young people , because they have read too many e-books .
at the last , there are many copies are peddled on the streets or other small shops because we can download them from the internet .
books printed on paper are easily shared and resold by the bute .
To myself , I prefer to choose paper books rather than electronic books .
With the develop of the society, quality of life of the residents is increasing rapidly.
A lot of people buy new houses, cash for clunkers.
Also, they pay close attention to food, especially like the wild birds or animals hunted as food.
Our Earth is a warm family, all animals and plants should be protected.
Animals are our friends.
They are the spirits of the nature, but nowadays, some people in a frenzy just want to seek profits to hunt the wild animals.
They hunt elephants for their ivories; hunt tigers for their skin and tone; even take bile from an alive bear.
About this kind of things, almost all of us will be angry about the businessmen who hunt wild animals.
That's No business, no killing.
Now not only the goverment take measures to protect the wild animals, we can also see a lot of public welfare advertisements about this apperance, but the effect isn't obvious.
As a college student, I think everyone of us will be very sad when we see that the animals were hunted by the businessmen who just want to earn money.
The animals couldn't alive after that, a life disappeared won't be back.
Try to think, years later, children could only see wild animals from the computers or the televisions, that's so scrrouful.
We must do something about that.
We should realize the importance of protecting wild animals to make the ecological balance, develop the harmonious relationship between human beings and the nature.
Take action from now, tell everybody around no business, no killing  .
I'm L, chairman of our students' union.
My name Li Jin, I'm a ctudent and the president of the Student Union of the ChengGuang Middle School.
Our School want to donate a batch of books to the Chinese Class of your school.
America Friendly Communicate School is a very beautiful and energitic School.
It plays an important part on China and America relationship.
The books have many kinds.
Most of them are bilingualsm so that your class can easy for to read.
My favourite TV programme is the Animal world.
We watch the programme each sunday evening.
The programme tells us stories of animals' life.
In the zoo, there are many animals.
Nonetheless in the programme we can see more animals.
It gives me an opportunity to take in the other creatures.
At the same time, I can talk something about the animal.
It is wrong to kill them for food.
In addition, we can know how to get along well with animals.
Consequently, we have to do our best to protect them.
I hope I can do something for animals in the world.
In addition we are always leading a busy life, we should learn how to adapt to life.
On the contrary, watching TV can ease our pressure.
In a word, my favorite TV program is animal.
On the one hand, we should grow up and lead a happy life.
On the other hand, we need study well and get well with our life.
This is my favorite TV program.
As is known to all, in China, the civil service exam acceptance rate is very low.
Some people in order to serve the government, but most people are for the income and welfare for a better life.
These people obsessed with money and power.
With the help of the position to meet the material needs.
And won't brings to the government and people.
In my opinion, civil servant is a noble job.
This people to pursue is not their own interests.
But the interests of the people.
Xi jinping said, don't be officer to make a fortune.
As a civil servant, not only to serve the people, but also to control their own desires.
As we all know, the greatest pleasure of life is love.
So we need to love.
I love my mother most.
I never forget that day.
I had a poor healthy when I was a child.
It was a snowy and windy day.
I had a seriously cough for a long time.
My mother was worried about me.
So she went to buy me oranges to decrease the cough.
To love is to be human.
To be loved is also to be human.
I love my mother, too.
I try my best to do some housework such as cooking, washing and cleaning.
At school, I call my parents once a week.
Now, my is 46 years old.
I feel so sorry for her.
I can't do anything for her.
I want to buy new clothes, delicious food and give her enough money.
While , I am unable.
Though it's difficult for me to say love driectly to her, I must say: ''Mom, I love you forever.
When it comes to my college life, I think there are two words that one is colorful and the other is peaceful.
I still remember the first day I live in this college.
School buildings were surrounded by many trees.
What I saw was really fresh.
My college life began freshly.
Gradually, it turned to be colorful.
During the first year in my college, I was the leader of Communist Youth League in my class.
I attended meetings and organized class activities which I gained many precious experiences.
I learnt to take my responsibility and unit my classmates what a real man needed.
In my space time, I went to the library to read my favorite books.
Apart from this, I joined an English Corner in school, which provided English learners with a platform to study, to talk and so on.
I benefited a lot from the activities.
For one thing, I improved my spoken English; for another, I showed myself in public.
As time goes by, now I am a sophomore.
I am still a class monitor.
But it is quite different.
I realize that all the activities are only a small part of my life.
For a college student, study is the main task.
This term I will pass the TEM-4.
So I have to sit down in a classroom and read my textbooks for hours.
Sometimes it is boring and tough.
No matter what my university life is, I am certain: I should try my best to live a fulfilling university life.
As the development of society, the computer has coming to people's daily life.
More and more people begain to use computer which bring convenience to their work or study.
But at the meanwhile, some problem has come out.
The computer has two sides for us.
We can not only search informations on the internet but also can play games on it.
Some people addicted to internet games, some people commit a crime though internet, and some ones even spread bad words in it.
At the point of my view, the computer make our society more development, we can't resist the spread of computer in our life, but, what should we do is just take it as a tool to help us complishing our task.
Don't reply too much on it.
As the 1111 and winter are drawing near, looking at other lovers together, I suddenly have an estimation about falling in love with a pretty girl.
On the one hand, taking a girlfriend can make me happy, so my campus life will become rich and colorful.
On the other hand, we can learn from each other.
This can help us find our own advantages and disadvantages easily.
Last but not least, my girlfriend is my spiritual sustenance, she can be my spiritual pillar which can make me full of power and passion forever.
What were written above are my opinion of finding a girlfriend.
Different people have different attitude toward part-time job.
Somebody think our job is to study.
Not to work.
If we do work we must waste much time and energy.
Others think it is important.
it can enrich our life, expand our field of vision.
And can let us to know earn money is very hard.
Nevertheless they leave out students' character education.
Students not only should require knowledge which are from test books, but also need which from their behavior.
A student who is more suitable for the society is an erector of state.
As we all know, character education plays an extremely essential role in our daily life.
So we should try ourselves to learn not only how to get good grades but can live more and more comfortably.
As we all know, curiosity is very important for us in our life.
And we had the curiosity when we was born.
It is freedom, not limited for it.
And it is the mather of creativity.
My name is X, I have same good habits, such as I eat junk food only twice a year.
I get up at 5:30 about, and I eat fuilt every breakfast.
I never drink coffee I know it is bad for my health.
However, I have same bad habits to.
I don't like to exercise, I exercise twice a week about.
The topic of Is group cooperative learning good is becoming more and more popular recently.
Some people think group cooperation is a good mean to study.
This way can let us have more pleasure on studying English.
It also lets us concentrate on it more.
Others have opposite views.
They think this way may waste time that we communicate with other people.
As far as I am concerned, every coin has two sides.
I think group cooperation have advantages and disadvantages.
The good aspect is making us happier than study by myself The bad aspect is wasting time to talk with others for something that is unconcerned with studying.
In conclusion, I believe it have advantages more than disadvantages.
After 3 years of junior high school study and experience college entrance examination, all of us go to a satisfied college.
The following are some of my personal opinion.
First, learn knowledge is the most important assignment.
We have to pay attention to it.
Second, we should keep balance work and test what make us keep the energy.
There is a humorous saying:  quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world.
With the change of the way people live .
we collect all kinds of coupons .
some people think it is not smart .
For one thing, by cooperating .
with each other we can buy whatever we want without going out and get the most satisfactory goods at a low price.
we could use this way to live a more economical life.
Sixty percent of the students hold the opinion that entrance fee shouldn't be charged.
They believe that the park is a public place for leisure.
The rest however, are against it because they think it necessary to charge the fee, yet the price is supposed to be a little lower than expected.
If so, it is possible to pay for the workers.
This leads to our country in drunk-driving behavior more.
There are a lot of features of movable phone to meet the needs of most of person.
First, the use of movable phone can strengthen the communication and promote emotional communication between persons.
Second, the riddle in movable phone can help us regulate our mind and relax ourselves.
Third, the photographing function of movable phone can help us catch something meaningful and valuable whenever and wherever.
What 's more, alarm clock can use at any time which can ensure the efficiency.
Furthermore, the mobile phone is different in landline telephone at home.
It has a kind of function which means the call recording.
Therefore, you can examine it for missed calls or messages.
Last but not least, it can offer special groups a convenient way to get in touch with others, such as deaf people can use movable phone to send messages.
The mobile phone, a symbol of temporal spirit, as a part of modern life, it brings convenience for life, is not only an important tool for people to communicate with others, it also is the embodiment of fashion.
Switzerland, with the population of 750 million, is situated in central Europe.
The beautiful country covers an area of 41 thousand square kilometres.
As the Swiss capital, Berne is treated as the most important city of international meetings.
Switzerland is a popular starting point for many excursions.
I am very sorry to tell you that I forget to return your CDs which you lent me last month.
After I went back to China, I checked my baggage this morning, I found my mistake.
I will make an appology to you for my careless, and spare my effort to make up your loss.
Considering sending Cthese CDs to Canada is time costly, I have ordered new CDs on the Internet, which are identical to yours.
In a few days these CDs will be sent to your home.
I suppose there are many advantages for me to become a Chinese teacher.
First, my favorite subject is Chinese and I like the living style of Chinese teacher.
So if I become a teacher, I will do what I like.
I will be happy when I am at work.
Second, I can stay with children all the time when I am in school.
Children are so cute and energetic.
I should learn and enrich my knowledge for the sake of the benefits of children.
Fourth, teachers have two long vacations, the summer and winter break.
During the two vacations, I can have free time to do many wonderful things.
In sum, these are the advantages of being a teacher.
Last week Lucy went to Beijing for a trip with her parents.
In the first day, they visited the Tian'anmen Square, they thought the Tian'anmen Square was very beautiful.
And in the afternoon they went to the Chinese Art Gallery.
Second day, they visited the Temple of Heaven.
The third day, they went to the Beijing Zoo, there were many animals, and Lucy thought they were very qute .
We can have any plans to do is the best benefit we have as a university student .
So we should do ours all to make ourselves perfect.
The first problem is the rise in population.
The population is increasing so sharply that there aren't much more resources to use.
Because of the large population, a large number of natural resources are overdeveloped.
Overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.
And then, cutting down trees from forests is a kind of overdevelopment of natural reasources.
What's more, the lack of water resoures is always a important problem for some countries.
In those courties many people don't have access to safe drinking water.
So many coutries are suffering from lack of water resources.
The last one is air pollution.
To solve these problems, we must stat to protect the environment, such as reducing the waste of natural resources or throwing the rubbish to the litter bins.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buyingcars.
But every coin has two sides.
The negative aspects are also apparent.
Cars will increasing air pollution , which will influence our life and production .
Thongh my above analysis, I believe that the positive aspects overweigh the negative ones.
Recently, the topic of E-book has been widely discussed which has aroused public attention.
There are many pros on E-book.
At first, you can take it everywhere, who do not care its weight.
And also, you can look for what you wanna read, because of a large storage .
However, it has many cons.
You can not read without electricity, especially, when you read the most fascinated part.
Then , you can feel very angry.
What's more, its screen is easily broken when you accidentally drop it.
Weighting the pros and cons of these argument , I am inclined to the former point of view.
Because people have to cut off a wide range of trees to make the traditional books, E-book is friendly to the environment with less pollution.
In addition, people have less time to go to bookstore due to the tight time and the demanding schedule.
Some people think that Hongkong has already set up the Disneyland, as a result, there is not necessary to built one again.
What's more, in the context of economic crisis, it is hard to attract plenty of a large quantity of tourists.
Every coins have two sides.
Some people do not support this project, while some people are in favor of it.
They think that it can provide a good place for children to spend their holiday in the Disneyland.
Besides, more jobs will be create for those people who have no jobs.
From my point of view, I'm glad to see this park built in Shanghai.
Nowadays, people are always doing bad things to damage the earth.
First, people pollute the water.
They put rubbish into the river or sea.
People also catch or kill animals and cut down trees for money.
That's really bad for the environment.
People throw rubbish everywhere it pollutes the earth.
The worst things for Earth is air pollution.
The Earth is polluted.
If we don't stop polluting the Earth.
We should plant more trees to keep air clean.
We should do something good for the environment.
Especially energy-saving devices, we can use solar energy system.
We should pay more attention to the problem of the earth environment.
We should save water and raw materials.
We should also protect the animals and keep them alive.
Last winter holiday, I went to Japan with my teacher and my classmates.
We stayed there for five days.
It was an exciting trip.
I saw many many interesting things in Japan.
First of all, I saw a temple.
It was very beautiful.
Next I also visit the Disneyland in Tokyo.
It was fantastic and I had a good time in it.
As can be seen from the picture , a girl very happy say her mother her college letter of advice.
Of course, more and more family have only children, parent hope their children better and better.
But I think we'd better give children a free space as children should grow depend on oneself is demonstrated in each and every aspect of work and life.
To begin with children is going to walk into society.
For my part, children should live independently, choice life for oneself.
There is a proverb that  No one is perfect  .
We live in this society, everyone has some habits, good or bad.
Such as smoking, talking dirty, sleeping late and getting up late, eating more but no exercising.
These will make us look unhealthy and many diseases come to us.
Firstly, you can make an exercise planning and then implement it strictly.
Secondly, you can supervise each other with your friends.
You can warn him when he does something forbidden, in turn, the same.
Here's what I have to say.
Nowadays, there are some people called  Smartphone addiction  , they are always playing there smartphone whenever you see them.
It's a serious problem.
Nowadays, some people are in faver of keeping pets .
But there is a problem, it's most of the students lack moral sense.
So the school should pay more attention to the students ' character cultivation.
The reason why the school should pay attention to students character is that the society need the excellent student both in learning and character.
Just learn good without character of the student is harmful to society.
Just have character without study's student is useless.
For my part, school can carry out some activities to improve students' quality and improve their moral consciousness.
For example, you can organize students to the homes for the elderly to do some volunteer activities, so as to understand the importance of respect for the elderly.
I am very interested in your display of a plaza with bed-sheets after I visited your corporation in England last mouth.
Our customers would be satisfied with your cargoes.
And also the discount rate for each deal will depend on the quality and design to be used.
Messrs.
During this years, water shortage has become a very urgent problem.
In my opinion, Having 3 reasons can be found.
Firstly, the water of the world is getting less and less, because of people's destroy.
Many trees are cut down.
Trees can not grow up in good environment.
So, the root of trees can't be absorbed in the ground.
Secondly, climate's change made water become more and more.
Climate become more and more hot, it made ice dissolved.
But it also made water evaporated.
Thirdly, factory is a very important factor, too.
Many pollution is lost in rivers.
This made rivers become black.
In some degree, if we don't have water, we will die.
So, we should give up destroying and protect kinds of plants.
We should also plant more and more trees and flowers.
Everything is changing in the world.
We are brought up from a baby.
Sunrise in the morning and sunset in the evening.
And the sky is different from every-time.
In the past, people have to make self-sufficiency work.
But everyone has a lot of free time to do what they want to do.
So they are happy.
But now, people are busy.
Families are often ignored in the past.
Of course, in addition to the above dad change outside also have a lot of good change.
The China of the past, the statue of women is low.
They cannot learn the knowledge, can't participate in politics, can't even go out to work.
But nowadays, the status of women has been greatly improved.
With angry, he talktd me, You won't enter the great college if you don't study hard.
With sad, I said, Today is not my day.
Most of the folks think that the development of modern society facilitates their lives.
However, it may also pollute our environment.
Recently, more and more cities in the world are facing increased pollution.
First of all, all of the clean energy is renewable energy.
We needn't worry that it would be in short.
That is, it can be used to solve pollution problems continously.
What's more important is that it create much less pollution.
As we all know, one of the air pollution is caused by off-gas.
This off-gas is not only affect people's health, but also sometimes cause haze when it was mixed with fog.
Then more serious is that we even can't see anything because of haze.
But using cleaning energy, we can decrease hazy weather.
Obviously, our environment will be better.
i am especially interested tourism major .
happened.
but my think everything going well.
my campus life is rich and colorful .
i go to attend every day morning excluding weekend .
then go back to my dormitory and surf on the internet .
I take part in some part time jobs .
Reading is a good thing.
It has been said reading makes a wise man.
Reading can make peopie cultivatation.
I read can edify sentiment.
The psychoiogical and spiritual are of great help to us.
I think reading is a matter can promote the development and progress of human society.
Reading can make people grow wisdom.
There are a lot of celebrities all know the importance of reading.
Books are our ancient wisdom people.
You can be at home reading will be able to enjoy the world.
Reading can make people smarter.
I think reding is a meaningful thing.
Reading can let a person become a useful person.
Yesterday, i invented twe special soft drinks, Solo and fizz.
When it comes to the internet, we have got to admit that it's more and more popular.
Inernet has been integrated into our lives.
As the picture said, what students do every day in school can be known on the internet.
It's a benefit for the parents to knew their students quickly.
It is important for students to face up to the mistakes which is done by themselves in public.
They can be taught to undertake the responsibility by themselves.
So can they spare no effort to make it better.
So internet is more and more useful, and applied to any field.
As far as I am concerned, internet can do almost anything on the internet.
But it also expose our information to be used for what we don't want.
So we have got to learn how to protect our information on the internet.
The frustration is each person must face.
It will let us learn to persevere, overcome and optimistic in the face of problems.
Second, students lack a sense of ownership.
In order to address this situation, i think the school should be vigorously challenging activities and guide students to their brave and confident to face, than students should also actively participate in activities with people exchanges to show themself.
someone thinks that we should often get online.
Because we can learn more knowledge and something another.
And we can share them with friends by the Internet.
But the others had different opinion.
They don't think we should use computer at all.
For it does harm for our eyes.
Maybe someone will always chatting online and playing games.
It's a waste of time.
In my opinion, we should use it, but we can't always use it.
Today's world, for the sake of future work, the education is more and more crucial.
For example the MaJiajue event and the LiTianyi event.
They are excellent on the academic and cultural level, but what they do make peopel feel scared of students now.
A person can survive in the society without a degree, without moral, it is difficult to accept by society.
I am a student who has just graduated from jounir high school.
With the hopiness to the new life, I come to my new school.
Except for the hard work, we also have a number of different and kindful after-school activities.
Compared to the past, I have more spare time to do something I am interested in.
For example, in my new school we have a swimming pool so that I can swim whenever I want to.
Every night I play th piano after supper.
I can make cathy music and relax myself at the same time.
On weedends after finish doing my homework and revise what we study last week, I aso have time to see a film which I like.
After-school activities make our life more colourful.
My favourite piace at school inclassroom, It is very bright and large, but very quite.
There are alot book and15tables and 15 chairs.
Thre are also many teacher and classroom , have 4 potted flower and ablackboard .
Please note that .
Firstly , I would like to tell you about that I have booked rooms 420 and 429 for this seminar .
At the same time , one of my assistants Mr.
Today, we live in a fairly comfortable world.
Our lives are in general, much better materially than those of people who lived before us.
There are many reasons that caused this.
Here, we aims to give you an idea of how lifestyle have affected our lives and health in good or bad ways.
As is known to all that people living in the modern world feel less and less happiness than and before, like in 70s or 80s.
The pursuit of material life can interpret it.
Many ways can eliminate the effects of incorrect way of life to health.
Sufficient physical activity is important and good to psychological well-being and body.
The more you exercise, the more happiness and strong you will feel.
Ok, we may get an idea and some concepts about lifestyle and health, and also know how to keep a healthy lifestyle.
Saying is easier than doing.
My name is Kevin.
Nowadays, blind-date show is more and more style.
Many local channels are showing this show and this show have a large audience.
I think that the reason why such TV-show can attract a large audience: Firstly, we all most never watch a TV-show like this show before that.
Secondly, it is difficult to find your soul mate in current society so blind date is slowly into people's lives.
In my opinion, blind-date show is not bad.
I don't think it is a terrible thing, on the contrary, I think this is a wonderful stage to show person's advantages.
My holiday ended, I became a college student.
When I was still a senior high school student, I did not have much time for mosley, from morning till night, I keep learning, because in order to enter the ideal university, I have to go all out.
I have to put down my story books, say goodbye with my volleyball, although for I have said, it is extremely difficult thing.
I am a college student, my life become different.
I have a lot free time, leering is not all of my life.
There are many alternatives for me to touch new things.
I can read the book what I like, playing volleyball with my friends, and so on.
Nonetheless I must have to leave my home, leave my parents, it is a hard thing for me, I will try my best to get over it.
In modern sociaty , we can't leave the book.
, as we don't want to follow behind the sociaty, and want to be successfull in different aspect of life, we should have to read many books in all of our lifetime.
however, there are hundrends of thoundsands of kinds of books, inspire of many published recently.
As a result, some people think that we should reading selectively.
By contrast with them, the other people think that one should have to read extensively.
as our lifetime is so short that we should read as many books as they can.
besides, the more knowledgeable he is, the wiser he is.
as far as i concert, we should read effectively.of course, we have limitted time, so we should make good use of our time.
we should read selectively, firstly we should choice the book we need to read , and then choice the book we want to read.
Li Hua, a fashion boy, wants to be a fashion designer.
Chang Lili is a kind girl who likes pants very much.
Therefore she wants to be a gardener.
Ma Kai is so outgoing that he would like to be a writter.
As we all know, he likes to share a lot of wonderful stories with us.
However, Sun Jun is different from Ma Kai.
Because he is a quiet boy.
But he likes to cook healthy food.
For my part, I want to a rock player.
Our friends are helpful for us.
Hello, teacher and classmates, my name is Y, l come from S which is a beacutiful city.
As we all konw I am boy.
I am a outgoing and humorous boy.
Of course, I like English and want to go further in English.
Finally, my English is not very good , I can only write here, but I will study hard in English.
Today, a variety of media is very rich, the person in terms of the media shopping is quite common.
For example, Tian Mao and taboo are platform.
Media shopping land people a lot of convenience, at the same time also brings a lot of problems.
From my point of view, we may as well make chooses properly and ask professors in this way.
Only by doing so can we get what we want online and set unfavorable facts aside.
I had busy day.
In the morning.
I get up at 8 o'clock.
I make up missed lessons.
In the afternoon I pray the coumputer games In the night I watched running man.
From that day on, the boy found the table has a line with knife engrave words, a hole in occasionally appear a few book, a pen, an apple.
During these months, I have been gained new knowledge, such as higher math, college English and so on.
These days, there are so many examples which suggest teenagers are not trained well.
For example, some teenagers are not dutiful.
In my opinion, having character education is crucial.
Only in this way, can we not only have plenty knowledge, but also have a better character.
We have only one Earth, so please protect it.
But people are doing something to hurt the Earth.
For example, some people catch fish to eat.
Some people put rubbish into the sea.
People throw rubbish everywhere.
So there are fewer and fewer animals on land now.
We burn things to make energy.
This pollutes the air.
We must stop doing this things.
Earth is very important for us.
We do not waste water and electricity.
The morning hours are the most precious period within the single day.
Imaging that you're a bird and you have enough time to catch the worm , or a lazy bird that when the sun rises in the sky highly, you have to get up because of hungry.
Now we can understand the whole meaning of the proverbs.
With the Spring Festival coming, I came back to my homeland.
To prepare for the traditional festival, we attached red paper-cut to the windows, which meant happiness and wealth.
The most exciting things was the big dinner cooked by everybody in my family.
At the beginning, my grandparents congratulated to ourselves for the efforts we have made during the passed year.
As a traditional festival, the Spring Festival carries lots of memories and joy.
Miss Hoson was worked in my office for two years.
While she woked in my office, Everybody knows she is very honest and working hard.
She is good at English and German, Special in tongue.
With college graduation just weeks away, a great many senior students are going to leave school, heading for the new stage of their life .
Subsquently, a thought-provoking phenomenon emerged.
Some over-passsionated students choose to express their excitement by throwing bottles from upstairs, committing vandalism and even fighting after drinking too much, being reckless of the safety of the pedestrians or the negative impact exerted to the campus construction.
The reason why they do such may be that they feel long-term restrainted by the strict rules and would like to do something they had been afraid of doing.
From my point of view, it is the graduates who ought to set a good example for the junior students.
After all, the impressive leaving depends much more on what you do that can benefit the school rather than impose irreparable damage to the infrastructure of it.
Yesterday, our class started a discussion about whether animals should be kept in zoos.
Forty percent of students thought that we should keep animals in zoos.
On the one hand, they thought that people can see a great variety of animals.
On the other hand, animals can be taken good care of by keepers in zoos.
And sixty percent of students didn't agree with them.
I think they thought the animals are the members of the nature so they may like to live in the wild.
I support the second view.
Because, the animals just like human, all of us may have our own life, and every life should have its own freedom.
Please stop killing and eating animals.
Nowadays, it becomes a common phenomenon that undergraduates pay more attention to romance than school work.
For one thing, the behavior will take up so much time, which should have been used in study.
The time of university is the most valuable time in the rest of our life, because we will finish the progress of from a teenager to an adult if we treated it seriously.
For another thing, seeking romance also mean costing numerous money.
As a student on campus, none of us have a stable and decent salary, so all of the money we have just only come from our parents.
Recently, the greatness driver Wubin in the last moment of life completed mission of a driver.
He saved the person of whole car but hem-self.
People hold different opinions towards this phenomenon.
Some people believe that good men will get paid, and they should help someone who needs help.
Someone thinks it does harm to students if they use cellphones in classrooms.
While the rhythm of people's living is speeding up, a lot of changes have taken place in the environment.
First, we should go to work on foot or by buses instead of driving cars.
As far as I am concerned, I think we can begin to do with our neighbor, above all, we can't afford to waste resources to reduce and repeated use of resources.
If everyone stuck to the rules, we can do a great thing by protecting our earth.
A lot of people don't feel happy now, and they claim that to be happy is hard because the society is so complex that they don't have time to think about it.
Then they feel anxiety, inhibit, resent, sadness and upset.
In my opinion the reason why they can't feel happy is that they don't know how to get it.
As we know happy is a feeling from one's heart.
And my friend always say that the happy people always are very happy.
Therefore there are some methods to become happy.
First, give your love to everyone around you.
Giving can make you happier than receiving.
Second, learn to be satisfied.
Third, just smile.
Smiles have magical power which can make you and other people happy whenever and whatever you do.
Fourth, help someone else.
I suppose that to be happy is a simple thing.
Nowadays, low carbon life is extremely popular.
As a student , it is my responsibility to do something for the earth.
In order to save energy I will more trees so that the atmosphere will be fresher.
If everyone takes action, our environment will better and better.our earth will change beautiful.
This week, four of us gave a brief introduction of Talcott Parsons, a world famous well-known sociologist from American, and my part is to illustrate a theory named AGIL paradigm, which is a part of his action theory, AGIL defines the cultural system, the personality system etc.
In the future, if we give other academic presentations, using body language and eye contract can help us receive an unexpected response.
For example, in the college, my classmates always stay in the dormitory or go to the dining hall.
I had a special experience last year.
I stay at home alone.
When my parents out, I was sleeping until 12 o'clock.
After that, I cooked a simple dinner and I ate it very fast.
Next, I played the table tennis with my friends.
When my parents came back, I told them I took care of myself and my things could depend on myself.
Through the father's view, I can understand what the father's mean.
He just want to tell the boy the importance of doing small things.
There is no doubt that whatever you do in the future, you should solve every small things you faced.
The period, housing problem is one of the best popular in cities.
Housing problem usually became person have concentrate on one issue at his leisure.
Housing problem to become more serious every day.
The first one, because of more and more countryman remove to the cities.
They influenced the development of economy.
The next one is people increase the demand of houses.
They need more houses for their children.
The last reason is the real estate is very unfavorable.
In my opinion, I think the government should adjust the housing policy.
I love transformers because not only the story is extremely stunning but also it brings the great merits to me such as the justice, courage and so on which shines the essence of humanity.
Optimus Prime standing for the justice with its partners for protecting the planet, is always against the evil represented by Megatron.
In this battle, some persons like Harold Attinger attacks their friends robots for power and authority which make me feel the part of humanity is avaricious and ugly.
I appreciate Transformers that is an excellent movie giving me happiness and profoundly thinking.
In the modern society of china , more and more people perfer to take civil service exam .
First, i think that traditional thoughts is the origin .
Since long long ago, Chinese people have thoughts that goverment employee is a good job.
Second, Taking civil service exam is a choose, In the modern society , finding job are more and more difficult.
Besides, pressure of work also become strong .
About 40% of participants agreed to keep animals in zoos.
They thought that if we do that, citizen can appoach animals to watch them.
However,60% of participants objected to this opinion.
Animals would like to live in the wild.
In my opinion, animals should be kept in zoos.
To protect animals, people should form the habit to save what we use in daily life.
The sourse of them is nature.
At that time, my parents are often engaged in their business.
Only my grandma brought me.
The time with grandma is always happy.
Once upon a time, I stood beside my grandma while she was cooking.
Then she put a pinch of salt in the pan.
  Grandma looked at me with laugh and tear.
She talked to me with patience:  Honey, only a little can make it taste good instead of so much.
  I nodded with confusion.
I cannot understand it at that age.
Few years later, grandma passed away.
Yet she still in my mind.
Fist of all , we should read books involved in college life .
At the beginning , we may find it difficult for us to adapt to the new environment here .
Therefore, it is necessary for us to read these books , which will help you adapt to the new surroundings more easily and quickly.
And then you should read linguistic books .
Languages are tools that help us express ourselves .
Inord to express ourselves accurately and perfectly , read them.
But for that , you also need to read scientific books .
So without doubt , read them.
In addition , the last but not the least important, history is also worthy of reading .
Through history you can get at many famous people as well as their theories .
And finally, thanks for your reading and attention.
Lying in the middle part of Europe, Swizerland covers an area of 41000 square kilometres, which has a population of 7.5 million people.
Switzerland has a great position, for Austria, France, Italy and Germany are beside it.
Being known as the garden of the world  , Switzerland has a gorgerous point of view.
It has the most beautiful snowberg on the earth.
Besides, watches made in Switzerland are famous to people all over the world.
Since I read The Old Man the Sea, I discovered that I loved it extremely.
In this book, the author described an old man who struggled with a big fish, and last he won.
But another problem came, there were lots of sharks followed he, because the blood of the Fish.
From this book, an old man impressed me.
He tried his best to catching fish, though there were so hard to finish it, and the man won the last win.
This book is very meaningful, I can learn that there is no one to lose.
Literature is the art of language.
Is an important manifestation of social culture.
But, The students are more and more pressure, They always busy to exam.
In my view, reading literature is very important to everybody.
Firstly, reading literary can help cultivate students interest in reading, it can enrich people's life, improve people's reading level.
Secondly, reading literature can help to improve students comprehensive ability to us language.
For language learners to provide a rich resource.
reading more literature, you can understand life style and mental state of a people.
Is advantageous to the understanding of long difficult sentences.
Lastly, Along with the development of society, the quality of talent has greatly attracted people's attention.
There are six people in my family.
It includes grandfather, fathe, mother, sister, brother and me.
I has long steaight black hair and small black eyes.
I'm 160cm tall and people say I'm so slim.
Although I'm an quite girl , my hobbies are so many, such as reading , playing basketball, listening music and so on.
It's very improtant for me to learn English well.
I hope I can learn English well so that find a good job in the future.
The arguments for cloning involve whether we should take nature into our own hands by cloning humans.
I suppose that it's quite helpful to use cloning.
First, cloning helps couples to have babies they can't have otherwise, which makes couples more happy.
Besides, cloning can find methods to treat diseases.
It can decrease people's pain.
What's more, cloning also increases endangered species's population.
It's obvious that cloning can improve the agricultural industry.
Many books inside the library, can teach me a lot, the inside of the environment is also very good.
For one thing, I will plant more flowers and trees as much as possible.
of carbon dioxide.
reduce the release of carbon dioxide.
My parents are our interior harbour.
My father is a man of integrity.
He is scrupulous about every specific in my impression.
My mother is a kind man.
My parents are honest and good people.
They taught my sister and me to be honest integrity.
My parents gave me a lot of freedom, I Feel so relaxing.
They have not been exerting a lot of pressure on me for my study.
Our family is not very rich but he is very happy.
I see life need love by my parents.
Life is not always smooth or easy.
Nowadays, more and more students will choose to pursue graduate studies after under-graduating.
Of course, there are lots of benefits for pursuing graduate studies.
Firstly, graduate study can improve our intelligence by learning all kinds of theory and professional knowledge.
In addition, it will develop and enhance our skills such as verbal and writing skills.
In my view, getting a successful graduate needs suitable ways as following.
Above all, it is necessary to combine theory with practice to lay a good foundation for the future employment.
In recent years, our atmosphere is going terrible, the steadily rising concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
There are some factors led to this condition.
At the first, in the last few centuries, first coal, then oil and natural gas, have been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate.
The carbon contained in these fuels , and is being burned to carbon dioxide and poured into the atmosphere per day.
The second, there are too many cars in our city, which exhaust much fumes.
The third, to make matters worse, Earth's forests have been disappearing, and in the last couple of centuries quite rapidly.
We can't continue like this, we should do something to prevent further increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
we must have new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide, for example, the solar energy.
And then, we must save our forests and replant them.
As individuals, we should do something to protect our atmosphere, too.
We should be driving less, bus is a kind of good transportation.
And we should not cut any trees, we could plant some trees in our leisure time.
Foreign language college students will be announced in December 20, 2005 that year the English party will be held on December 31, 2005 ( Saturday) night in the auditorium at 7, singing, dancing, reading programs, drama, game etc.
finished.
I think that they can not ask themselves to do something, they are free in the college.
My name is L, I like traveling around the world.
Last year, I went to London for my summer vacation with my friends.
We got there by plane.
The weather there was wet.
We went to a lot of museums.
There were very boring.
The food there tasted really bad.
This year was quite different.
I went to Beijing with my family.
We got there by train.
The weather there was very cold.
We went to Tian'anmen Square, the Palace Museum and the Great Wall.
We took quite a few photos there.
The food there was delicious.
A mouth has passed since I entered the college.
I think we need to gain a lot of things like knowledge, friendship, ideal.
The first of all , some people think we should read selectively.
Because we can spend a lot of time reading too much books.
But others many people not agree.
Some people think we should read extensively.
A lifelong habit can start young.
The whole piece of the article is about the book of the author's life.
Firstly, Welty's mother read to her when she was very young and developed in her a strong love for books.
Secondly, Welty's parents did all they could to help her start reading on her own.
This further stimulating her interest in reading.
This article writing style is the exposition, and it's very delicate.
In one hand, the author make a point of vividly describing books' physical characteristic; In the other hand, about the story of a child to express the importance of books in his lifetime.
Knowledge is power.
All in all, of just want to tell us books are giving him a lifetime benefit.
However, we can also become the benefit of the book.
With the development of society.
Some people think that the previous work have no a good working environment .
The work can not be in a good mood.
some people can't get along with their former colleagues.
So they feel unhappy.most people think previous salary is too low .
The salary can not meet the needs of life .
I think they should learn more to be up to a tougher and discover the intersection of love advantage and value.
With the development of economy, we may feel that the weather is becoming more and more warmer and lead to global warming.
To blame are three factors.
First of all, poeple cut down treesand destoryed forests freely.
Second, lots of factories burned so much coal, oil and gas.
First, we must be determined to protect our earth, such as save our forests and even replant them.
Second, in order to prevent global warming, we can search of new sources of fuel that don't involve the production of carbon dioxide such as solar energy, the energy of waves, tides , wind and the Earth's interior heat.
Most of all, there is the direct use of solar energy.
And then, as a individual on the earth, we must strength our mind that we should try our best to stop global warming.
we can begin from ourselves and start from little things.
As the standard of living is getting higher, more and more people are buying cars.
As we all know, one coin has two sides.
The same way be true of private car.
On the one hand, It's one of the most comfortable and convenient means of transportation.
You can go wherever you like in time instead of rushing in the crowed bus.
What's more, there is no doubt that private cars will have a great impact on the economic growth.
On the other hand, The development of the private cars will bring about a series of problems.
For example, the cars' exhaust leads the problem of Global Warming.
And the polluted air given off by cars will do great harm to our health.
As my opinion, private cars definitely benefit us.
However, we need to consider the problem that causes from cars.
After all, recognizing a problrm is the firet step in finding a solution.
We should looking for new energy replaces gas in order to ease the environment situation.
Altogether, we should not throw away an apple for its core.
We do what we should do, and we completed the speech excellent.
In this article, the author also suggests that making a necessary preparation, training some speech skills, such as use proper language in a specific environment, use language accurately, clearly, vividly.
Then, the author also says that the speaker's imagery is also very important, at least to wear clean and tidy.
In the recent years, the food safety is troubling in today's society.
the tainted milk and the chemical additives.
More and more food safety problems appear in people's life.
The reason why so many foods safety incidents .
I think the most Important reason is the one word : benefits.
When the people face the two choose: one is get the maximum benefits from abandon the integrity; another is the opposite.
I think they choose the former, they choose the benefits and abandon the integrity.
Yes, I believe that the choose is really difficultly but I want to tell the company that when you take a choose think more your customers who believe you so much, please.
So we have no way to change the people make choose in the temptation of interest, wo should strengthen ourselves in the food safe.
Nowadays, we often hear people's complains about academic dishonesty.
First, dishonesty puts a heavy burden on every campus.
Second, some students rely on the reference books too much, which is unfavorable to the improvement of their ability to work out the solutions for themselves, causing academic dishonesty problems.
For example , if most students cheat in the exam, those upright students will suffer great inequity and might lose the enthusiasm to continue their studying, which in turn influences Chinese education.
The prevalence of academic dishonesty is a problem in our society.
As a general rule, people like to help each other, but there are occasions when you shouldn't hesitate to say  no  .
Considering the above-mentioned, I think importance should be attached to the issue of academic dishonesty.
On no account should we cheat.
  The early bird catches the worn.
They listened to teachers carefully in classes while you're talking to others.
Usually, we can't aware of the importance of efforts until we fail just because we haven't got ready for this.
Tomorrow is my brother's birthday .
I am looking forward to it for long a time .
I will buy a gift for him .
I am not good at selecting gift .
Most of gift I bought does not accepted .
Next Saturday , he will become a bridegroom.
I come near it, and then touch it.
  Let me see, oh, I have impression about me.
Ok, in this case, seventy yuan.
Some university students who pursue fashion may buy many clothes to dress themselves in beautiful clothes.
Mobile phone is gaining increasing popularity and to be further embedded into our daily life.
Mobile phone plays an important role in our life.
family and friends, it is the essential instrument for communication, when we can not face to face talk.
we can talk each other about something that we want to know, and we can tell them our own situations as soon as possible.
When we find that there are something that we do not want to speak for some reasons, we can send messages to people with the mobile phone.
Meanwhile mobile phone is like the coin that has two sides.
Mobile phone has bad effect on our life that troubles us.
Sometimes we will have to answer some phones that we do not want to answer for some reasons.
Seriously , some people will spread rumours and false information with the phones.
From my perspective, we should make full use of the advantages of mobile phone and try our best to avoid its defects.
With the development of the society, the travel industry is more important.
Many people like traveling with their family or friends in the holiday.
The people hold different attitudes towards that issue of the University Campus be open to tourists.
On the one hand.
Some people contend that proved have many advantages to the economic development.
However , there are also some others who contend that shouldn't opened University Campus to tourists.
There is a good side and bad side to everything.
But in my mind , I stand on side of the latter opinion that shouldn't opended University Campus to tourists.
Pleased through the unremitting endeavor, I finally entered the university.
I think the university where we gain knowledge and life for our next four years or longer.
This is very importance and we must see clear why we go to college.
I think study is most important for our university life.
Moreover students society is importance, too.
They can make us have a lot of friends.
We need make a good plan for our study.
Can't always play until finish our university life.
Take an active part in students society.
A reservation is a recorded promise or guarantee of a table in a restaurant.
the table before he or she go to the restaurant.
Following is the advantages : For restaurants, it is helpful for making clear the number and names of guests, and also for guaranteeing the efficiency and quality of service work.
And it is helpful for making prepare before the guest come in.
For customers, the guest could eat the meal immediately when they are going to the restaurant.
Reservation may generally fall into five categories: spot reservation, communication reservation, instruction reservation, voluntary reservation and entrustment reservation.
Spot reservation is that the guest go to the hotel to have a conversation with the people concerned in the hotel and pay come cash in advance.
Communication reservation is that a guest makes a reservation by mail, telex or telephone and so on.
Instruction reservation is the one of having dinner after meeting for governmental organizations.
Voluntary reservation is an active way by which employees in a hotel go out to call on their guests on their own initiative so as to expand the market.
In my opinion, the restaurant had better make a message to the guest who had made a reservation to confirm it.
As a college student who has two years to learn skills and konwledge before graduating from school, i have my own ideas about the issuses that what jobs do college gradutes want to take.
We can see that the majorityof the gratudes prefer working in big and developed cities, taking on jobs with higher salaries, but not all of them can really attain this goal.
Actually , many gratudes devoted themselves to jobs which they don't enjoy even don't be satisified with at all.
Traditonaly girls takes on jobs that are easy or they always do servicely work.
By the contrst, boys are more likely do jobs which need more strenth and time.
With times goes on , there are some differences between the past and today.
AS a word , every gratudes has the right to choose his jobs .
What they should do is to choose the jobs that are best matching to them.
The most important of all, the idea cultivate the tacit understanding between each other, that make progress together.
In terms of its popularity, I think, the main reasons are as follows: in the first place, as we know, blog is just like diary, which can record our experience.
What's more, compared with diary, it can protect our privay better.
However, at the same time, there are also many problems in the blog.
For instance, because of its virtual, some false information and malicious speculation will inevitably happen.
Sure, sometimes, it even does harm to somebody's heart.
In a word, as a newly sprouted thing, blog has both strength and weakness.
So, what we should do is to avoid its weakness and try to take good use of strength.
An 87% year-to-year jump in Sina's operating costs in the second quarter is attributed in part to increased personnel costs for the salaries of high-level employees.
Best friend is the person who you want to share happiness and sadness.
If you achieve a great success, he will be with you and enjoy the joy of success with you.
Here are typical examples of my own experiences.
At the second semester of Grade One, I sign on the National Compter Ranking Examination.
While making the necessary preparations, I pass the exam finally.
I tell him the result by short message immediately.
Also, the life without failure is nor perfect life.
We should learn from failure.
At the same time, I do not get enough marks for my writing course.
When I know that, I feel very lost and doubt my ability to learn.
At that time, he comes to me and help me.
So at the next semester, I pass it smoothly.
But for his help, I can not pass easily, I think.
The best way to make campus life more colorful is to get ourselves a lot of meaningful things to do.
First, it is good for us to join some clubs which we are interested in.
As the old saying goes interest is the best teacher, we are more likely to make progress by doing what we prefer.
On the other hand, getting together with a group of people who have the same interest with us makes our life more interesting.
Second, reading various books is necessary.
We can experience different lives and get useful information from all kinds of books, which enrich ourselves and make us knowledgeable and wise.
Rich in knowledge, we can live a remarkable campus life.
Last but not in the least, taking part in more activities make our life more wonderful.
Nowadays more and more people are faced the job related stress, how to deal with the job related stress.
The function of interviews in hunting for a job is to assess the applicants and select the best candidate for the position.
There are many factors candidates must be aware of if they are going to achieve success, maybe one of the most important factors is the applicant's appearance.
First impressions do count and, if the interviewer does not get a good impression at the start, you are behind the others from the beginning.
Behavior is reflected in one's confidence and honesty in replying to questions.
Attending an interview is all about selling yourself; being able to convince the interviewer that you are the best person for the job.
The movie starred Helena Bonham Carter, Kenneth Branagh and Aidan Quinn.
The film tells the story about a young chemist created a large and ugly monster, because it's very ugly, the monster isn't accepted by people.
Frankenstein very popular.
Before winter, mother left withered leaves collected, ready to use in winter.
Insignificant squirrel also prepared for nuts for winter.
Today was the first day of my new life.
I looked at my new books and checked everything for the new school year.
I felt very excited because I thought I will have a new school life, but I was not sure about myself in my new school as well.
So I also felt worried about it.
When I was a Freshmen, I was totally in a lost.
Everything was new to me, people, knowledge, environment and so on.
I was really confused and didn't know what to do.
Especially the method of learning was quite different from high school.
Everything was measured by yourself.
Teachers would never check your assignment, it totally depend on yourself.
But now I was used to the University study.
So what I want to say is that don't be afraid of the new things, maybe you will be confused but you can get over it soon.
And the University study depend on yourself, teacher will not check it.
Therefore, self-control and self-study are very important in University.
Besides, I think the library is a good place to study, you should often go there.
When we are longer , the more we say thank you to parents have become less and less .
The first aspect is that as we age .
we are unable to express gratitude to parents like when I was a child.
for granted.
We're living in a word which low-carbon lifestyle is becoming more and more popular.
As we college students, we should form a good habit to support this idea.
For example, instead of using the one-off chopsticks, we can take our owns when eating outside.
Besides, doing some outdoor activities is better than staying at the dormitory surfing the internet.
Also, it's essential to carry our own bags when shopping, for only one plastic bag may cause much pollution.
I want to be a top student, so i must do more practise.
I am not good at geography, i need to practise more often and listen to teacher more carefully.
I also must be very very polite, helpful and thoughtful.
Recent years a growing number of American venture capital and private equity have set up shop in Europe.
Europe offers interesting, albeit challenging, opportunities to companies outside silicon valley.
Most of the American VCs target the European market with a dedicated fund.
The VCs is gorwing steadily and we will see a very impressive number of global companies to be born in Europe.
China's economic is recovering day by day.
More and more universities students like to nest at home.
The boys play online games at home, and the girls watch Korean dramas.
College students benefited a lot from social practice.
It is obvious that social practice is playing a more and more important role in Chinese college education.
In my opinion, as a college student, I think it is necessary for college students to participant in social practice.
All these offer an important means for students to broaden their horizons.
In the festival firecrackers is Chinese traditional customs.
Because this is Chinese customs, have good moral, I think that should not be banned, but attention must be paid to the limit.
As a celebration, we can change the way of celebrating.
It was a good place to play but there were too many people in Disneyland .
that was rainy.
so we couldn't see the performance .
I thought it was very wonderful but a little tired .
There is not a second chance for you to begin over.
we love ourselves than our lovers, Even though she or he devote life to us , They seems to not important for us to give up my carrier and my familly in cruel society.
Love people, First to love myself.
No matter what happens to us , we will love ourselves than others.
Now there are so many people smoke though they know it does harm to their health.
When people start to smoking.
Different people have different reasons.
Some teenagers start to smoke out of curiosity.
They firstly try it, they can not be energetic any more without cigarettes since then on.
Some teenagers learn it from adults.
We know smoking has so many bad influences on our lungs.
It can make us breath hard.
After all, we should pay more attention to the influence of smoking.
If you want to give up smoking.
First you should have self confidence.
Second, you can eat something sweet when you want to smoke.
It may take long time to give up smoking.
It is located in Changchun the capital city of Jinlin province.
In the modern day with the development of science and technology, people's living standard is getting higher and higher.
However, our body get worse and worse.
Those people who have unhealthy lifestyle are experiencing health problems, such as obesity and heart disease.
The ailments, in turn, cause many psychological problems such as depression or anxiety.
So it is very important for us to have a healthy lifestyle.
First and foremost is the awareness.
We should attach importance to the health problems.
Only in this way can we keep healthy eating and drinking habits.
In short, we should have a healthy lifestyle.
At the first picture, I look at the children staying in his mother's legs.
The facial expression was very powerless, and the scene was sad.
at the same time, I feld the AIDS patient were very poor and unluckily.
However, we should care for the AIDS patients and we should change the point of view that we towards the AIDS patients before.
we weren't indifferent to them.
Because the people with AIDS should pay attention.
At the last picture, it seems that the people with AIDS were fast to fast towards deadly.
It promote that we should treasure life.
As is shown in the picture, we can see clearly the smiling young man is writing a signature on a pillar.
Ironically, although he wears fashion clothes, his ugly behaviour reveals the low quality.
There are serval factors leading to this phenomenon.
First of all, majority people incline to commemorate his journey.
Therefore some people paint on the historical sites.
In further, inadequate punishment results to uncivilized behaviors.
Some bored people do the harm to the historic site just for fun, while there is no fine.
As for me, I think we can avoid these uncivilized actions from ourselves, which includes littering, spitting and drawing.
The environment of tourism is on the base of tourist's protection.
I'm glad to receive your letter.
It has been a huge change after you left home.
We moved to a big house which is decorated when most people in our village moved to the well-appointed flat.
What's more, many home electronics such as telepones, televisions, washing machines and refrigerators came into our lifes.
Except those, we bought a tractor, a truck and a car.
Nowadays, government pay more attetion to the rural city construction so that our life is becoming better and better.
Along with the social development .
The Internet bring a lot of halp to make friends .
For example , we can find a lot of friend in Interner .
Convenience commnication between human beings .
Narrowed the distance between person and person .
We can tell each other worries .
And people can shopping in online too .
Internet make around the world people untie as on and interplay or understand one another .
However , the network also bring some bad thing .
For example , in Internet have a portion specially student .
Have a great many students were tricked .
Bearings to the society a bad effect .
So the young people should careful making friends .
And we don 't casual receive netfriend .
We should incorrectly treat the network .
Grasp it advantageous one sind and avoid bad side .
A public debate has arisen as to the phenomenon that if the university campus should be open to the tourists.
Many people oppose this viewpoint.
They argue that the university campus isn't a tourist attraction, but a place for students to study.
However, some people are in favor of it.
There is probably some truth in both arguments.
First of all, making the campus open to tourists will enhance the communication with the outside world, which can help a university to keep pace with the development of the society.
Secondly, the students in the university should make the acquaintance with kinds of people to widen their interpersonal relation net, which will be contributed by tourists' coming.
Furthermore, tourists can feel the cultural atmosphere of the university and be addicted.
To draw a conclusion, the university campus' being open to tourists is of benefit to both students and tourists.
The frustration is a part of life.
The undergraduates to the frustration of ability is bad.
As for school, they will be creating more outdoor activities, because of undergraduates need to get more exercise.
In the first place , we should walk or take a bike instead of drive cars , because cars not only cause serious pollution but also waste energy .
best not use plastic bags any more.
No one can stand white pollution .
turn off the running tap in time .
When people are concerned about your flying higher or higher, only a friend care about you fly tired, in fact, this is friendship.
Someone can say, love is an important thing in the world.
However, I assured say, love may fade, but friendship are year round.
I have a bossom friend, when I meet difficulty or depressed.
  Everytime i'm inspired, then get down to doing everything.
What's more, she usually share with me how to study and life, how to adjust motion.
She teach me play the guitar.
There is a proverb said: a friend in need is a friend in deed.
Certaintly, when you fall into trouble, and friends will comfort you.
Finally, choose an author as you choose a friend, we are treasure friendship.
I like my mother , my sister and my brother .
I think my father is a gentle man .
And when I want to compain about something , he will become a good listener.
I learn a lot from my father.
One reason is that our country is developing faster and faster, we have more opportunities to communicate with foreigners.
So it's very important for us to have a good knoeledge of English.
Another important reason is that I must study English well to pass the CET4 exam to get wy Degree Certificate as a university student.
We always hear people say what we eat or where we go.
As we all know, reading plays an important part in our life.
Reading could make people relaxed and knoeledgeable.
