From my perspective, the lonely life of aged people will make them feel disappointment to life.
According to a relevant study,67% old people becomes unhappy and sad.
In this case, it may generate potentially bad impacts to their life.
What's more, if we don't keep a line of communication to the old, not only do they feel upset, but also we make a worse gap.
Dormitory life is an indispensable part of life.
When we entered the University, we already commence collective life.
Because each one has various of dispositions, it is usually have disagreements in dormitory life.
However, maintaining a favourable dormitory is necessary.
Because in university, we will live in together for four years, roommates as if my sisters, so we are committed to maintaining a harmonious dormitory life.
In order to achieve this goal, we have to get rid of their unfavorable habits.
Try to be tolerant of other people 's bad habits.
We should try our best to build a harmonious dormitory life.
When you hate someone you will need to learn tolerance, tolerance and forgiveness will help you to solve many problems.
Some of them think we should do like this.
It can help us getting knowledge, widen our eyes.
And we also are able to communicate and share with our friends.
They supposed that it do harm to our eyes.
In my opinion, we should get online appropriate as students.
we can study from websites on the Internet and make our mind relaxed.
Nowadays, with the development of technology, cellphones become more and more popular.
From the pciture we can see, the girl was making a phone call in class, in spite of the teacher are looking at her angrily.
First, many students prefer to play phones rather than listen to class.
Sceond, with the ring of cellphones, class rule is broken.
What's more, using cellphone in class also is disregard to teachers.
Teachers try their best to teach us but can't get respect.
Thank you for sending me an email.
I often get up at six o'clock.
I usually don't have breakfast and leave home at six twenty.
There was no physics on Monday, but I don't hate it.
I don't like English, because it is difficult for me.
After school, I often need to wait for the bus, because it has not come.
During this time, I will talk to my classmates.
When I listened to the panda become more and more less, I were so heartache.
Also, making me think our environment that is ill. As far as I'm concerned, I'm a part of the earth.
Panda is death also stand for human is death.
Maybe our environment become more an more bad In that I've been conservating her .
We breaked the aerosphare.
water.
As for me, wo will introspect what we didi.
I'll help my living environment, panda and mine.
There is a day I want to that I can wash in every river, look the panda every where.
My most favorite TV program is Day day up.
That is a variety of a show.
It is a supernatural show.
The program provides us with knowledge in natural and scientific aspects.
Every Saturday it was Played.
On television I can watch star like in normal time.
Day day up have a specialty that is to have many interesting games for example who is undercover.
And there are so many people will shopping online.
now, let us talk about my first shopping online.
It is my first year in the c ollege.
And i can not get use the computer very well.
so , i have to fall back to my roommate .
so that i can pay the money successful.
through the first shopping online.
something more on the nerwork too many things to see, so we as consumers must have a pair of eyes.
online shopping change our life style.
but we should save our money, can not waste it.
I've read your topic on yesterday's newspaper.
It's my pleasure to write to you to show you my opinion on school-phone's bringing.
In my view, it's like a coin which has two sides, like Shakespeare's saying, 'To be or not to be, that's a question.
There's no doubt that phones do us a large amount of good.
With them, connecting with families and freind become much earier.
But there are some arguements which bring questions to the attention of us.
In the class shine the phones, we may think they can influence others.
Chatting as well as texting is a waste of money and time.
Parents always worry that we may be absorbed in the function of entertainment.
In my view, we shouldn't use the phone in class.
We should ban the behavious which include playing and cheating as well.
Because of the high price of the smart phone, we must take good care of it.
As far as I am concerned, the number of students who are with phones isn't small.
But actually, whether you bring a phone or not, having a meaningful school time is the thing that really makes sense.
What is more , entering the university , we have more independent time to take advantage of .
So we can not ignore the importance of mark while we pay attention to ability.
Along with the rapid growth of living standards, money has become increasingly essential.
At present, a lot of people appeared the pursuit of materialism in the society, just like GuoMeimei, MaNuo and so on.
People's opinions about this vary from person to person.
someone suppose money makes the mare go, and nothing is money out of the question.
Only when you have money can do whatever you intend.
And some consider that money is not everything only youth and happiness is priceless, and money doesn't mean that value of life.
As far as l am concerned, l correspond with the last opinion to some extent.
I come to believe money is extremely important to maintain fundamental life.
Finally, l just want to say, on view of money have no right or wrong.
Remmbering we can't in order to earn more money, lost due simple happiness.
Particularly, some parents because work busy rarely have time to accompany their children, even have a dinner together.
Have a meal.
Study.
I don't think that the two aspects(treasure the classics and create the future)are contradictory.
For me, they can exist together because what we do today will certainly be the history of the future, even be the classics.
However, I do think that advancing towards the future is more important and valuable.
Firstly, as we all know that the classics represent the wisdom of the past, so there is a great deal of experience of our ancestors that we can learn.
The classics is a priceless treasure, we ought to value it and study it.
Secondly, we live in an era of exploration and innovation, so it's our responsibility to venture into the unknown.
It's evident that the era is progressing constantly.
If we kept staying at the same stage and never went ahead, the civilization of human would disappear one day beyond doubt.
Finally, there is an old saying in China, Reviewing the history is good for exploring the future.
I can't agree on it anymore.
If we can absorb the wisdom and the experience that our ancestor left in the classics, there is no doubt that we will avoid many mistakes and setbacks.
As far as I am concerned, there is still much to know and to explore.
With the development of city, an increasing number of countryman leave the countryside.
Because they want to make more many, make their life rich and the most important is making their children don't live as them.
As far as I'm concerned, more and more people stay in the city is unfavorable for agricultural development.
What's more, those stay-at-home children have little love of parents.
Nowadays, most of us, as students, are careful with our money in daily life: we collect all kinds of coupons; we look for group-buydeals if we eat out or travel; we don't buy clothes unless in a sale.
First, price by new ways are definitely cheaper than many things' normal price, it does save us money in a way.
Second, as a pure consumer, we are supposed to try our best to reduce our expenses to relieve our own parents's burdon.
With the development of technology.
Shopping become more and more convenient .
say it is right or wrong.
Some people think online shopping is a kind of fashion lifestyle.
You can buy anything you want.
you don not need to go out to find the goods one by one with your feet.
Because on the internet as taobao, jingdong can make these things easy.
By this way you can search for whatever you want , you can have them compared still.
Only to click the mouse in the computer.
Even foreign goods.
people could buy goods with a nice price by online shopping.
Base on its convenience easily comfort and have a bargain, online shopping is popular with lots of people.
In reality, we can not live without real buy and sell by face to face.
We can touch the real goods in buying things .
Like we can sure whether we like the goods.
And once we pay the money we can take it home, which online shopping can not do.
Because we have to wait its arrive , sometimes it take a long time , if we are in bad luck we may get the goods not as we expected .
And what is wores , sometimes some sellers on the internet are cheaters they cheat money from this way .
two ways both have advantage and disadvantage .
Different person has different thought.
To say a truth , we should be cautious to treat online shopping .
we do not know whether online shopping is mature, but we can be mature.
our life .
However, from my perspective, it is reasonable for students to make comments to their teachers.
It should be acknowledged that only by receiving the feedback form their students could teachers make progress in their teaching, which, on the other hand reflects on the students' level of learning.
Besides, another point is that the critic about teachers helps to create the harmonious atmosphere on campus.
Students are able to make comments, which provides them with an appropriate approach to release their unsatisfaction and offers chances about communication between students and teachers.
Although someone argues that it would cause the disorder in school, a set of standard and system could built up to regulate the criticizing system under the surveillance in light of the concerns above.
In my opinion, it's necessary to be an honest person.
If you ask me what is the most vital that we supposed to do for the moment, I will say that it is just to do it without any hesitation even a second, although the necessity and importance of starting from children and giving full play to the power of the parents' Role Models which we need to realize is also significant very much.
I don't think that the level of consciousness is more important than the concreted behaviour.
The world is ours, the future is ours, and so is the responsibility to be honest.
Children always complain that their parents are out of date, while parents can't approve of what their children say and do.
First he or she should of coures be rich in knowledge.
I also think a good teacher should be patient and give students a chance to correct their mistakes.
firstly, persistence is of utmost impotance.
also, vocabulary is the fundation of all your learning.
it's function is the same as the chinese character in our language.
I'm so happy to see you here.
As the fourth grade student of university, I'm going to enter the work word.
I want to use three words to describe the college life: happy, quick and important.
Firstly, you should make yourself adapt the new environment as soon as possible because this may influence your attitude on college life.
You may have a unfavorable life if you don't do it well.
Secondly, you should change the way to learn because college is freedom and there aren't teachers to supervise you, and the most important is that you need to learn well about your major, which is a good way to help you get a good work easily.
Thirdly, you'd better grasp ever opportunity to develop yourself.
You should take paty in more activities which are related to your major because it may change your life forever.
Fourth, it is the most important that having a plan for your college life and deciding what the job you want to have after graduation, which can help you make your college life meaningful.
Besides, if you have goal, you should stick to keep it in your mind and try your best to make it come true.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
i'd like write some words for testing this system.
As we known, the first and biggest problem is, of course, the increase of population.
We can feel it when we are in crowded subways and buses.
The second one is that resourses are going to run out because we have used those too much.
Next, the forests get smaller and smaller.
To solve these problems, I did some research.
We shouldn't waste water even just a bit and we should use two sides of a piece of paper.
Anyway, we should try our best too protect the invironment.
When I was yang my dream is become a university man.
Meanwhile keep clam and carry on.
I am afraid that I could not have a good communication with classmates or other people, which will hinder my study and entertainment .
From the picture, we can be easy to get some information.
It is a usual fact aroung the word today.
So I don't know why it is , but now I know the reasons .
And I think it is sbout two sides .
First , if a people who have the doctored degree , he won't to do something like dirty work , tired work , dangerous work and so on .
Second, if a boss want to employ them , but thire salary is too high.
After all, if we will change this fact , we should make the people who have the dontoral degree knows fact first .
A quarrel occurred in my family this morning.
I heard my favorite music on the radio and followed the rhythm sang it loudy.
My mother shouted me suddenly, she was asked me to turn the music off.
She thought that music is unusual and my voice was so crazy, I told my mother it is popular music that every youth like it verymuch.
However, my mother didn't think that good for children, she let me listened some normal music like classical music but I didn't interested it at all.
Many people sad  Family is best happiness  .
I have a good friend, he is a good boy.
He is my classmate.
He like hely many people.
Once, I have a fever.
He very care of to me.
Before the summer vocation, my classmates discussed what they tend to do this vocation.
Some students said they want to have a travel, others want to find a part-time job.
This summer vocation my experience was wealthy, but not colourful.
Left the collage, just together with my friends went to Nan Jing.
My first job in a plastic factory,1800 yuan a month.
though the salary is not high, I realized that this year found a job is not easy, so I decided to work here.
After I at here 25 days later, the boss found I was a student and my salary was dropde to 1550 a month.
I was angry and called 88001818 asked for help, but it have no effection.
I often imagine what my life will be like in the future.
I will be twenty-six years old by then.
Iwill have my own family.
In the free time, I will continue to take exercise, I want to have a healthy body.
I hope so.
students' Rating of Their Teachers.
Many schools asked students for rating their teachers, thinking this ways can help them take stock teachers.
To this people's attitudes differ sharply.
Some hold positive view.
They say that teachers is closed with students.
Many orthers, however, hold the opposite view.
They claim that many students are dissatisfacted for teachers.
Especially study not good students.
Nowadays, it is a common phenomenon that we only recite meaning, but we do not recite spelling.
Firstly, reason why we ignore spelling is because we use our ways to learn English, which is the most important thing.
Secondly, we always select easy things to avoid difficult things.
Tirdly, we used to learn chinese.
As far as I am concerned that we can do two points.
On the one hand, we are supposed to chang our attitude to study English.
Nowadays, love on campus is found everywhere.
Wherever you go, you will see couples of sweethearts strolling past holding hands and sharing their secret happily.
It seems to be a tendency on campus.
So, it comes to the phenomenon about the shadow of romance seeking.
In my opinion, I think that college students should be in pursue of campus romance, but chasing campus romance should be noticed in the process.
My reasons are as follows, first, in a sincere and romantic love in the university can enrich your university life, it will be a wonderful memory of your life; second, the process of falling in love, you will learn how to love aperson, how to get along with someone, it will also be on your future family life have a great help.
One day, a friend and I went on the way home, suddenly found a wallet which someone may lose.
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world.
First, the population rises so rapidly that bring too much pressure on the earth.
There are more than 1.4 billion.
Second, a large number of woods and other plants were replaced by all kinds of accommodation facilities or scenic spots.
Third, water shortage is a grave problem.
With the development of agriculture and industry, an increasing amount of water is needed.
What's more pollution and waste of fresh water aggravate the situation.
We must try our best to improve environment.
Over recent years, so many disasters occured that we can't deny that we are in danger.
In 2008, the wen chuan earthquake shaked the Chnia.
In 2010, over 290 thousand people died from various natural disasters.
In 2011, all people were shocked at the leakage of fudao nuclear power station.
Our life was badly effected.
No, I don't think so.
I think it is the human-beings but the earth that is The Real Culprit.
If we don't deforest ecessively, we would not suffer from sandstorm; If we don't release abundant greenhouse gases at will, the sea level would not rise so quickly; If we don't catch and kill animals randomly, a large number of species would not disappear.
It is the high time we take measures to protect our mother, the earth.
Different people have different opinions.
Some people believe that you can invent new things.
But other people take an opposite side.
They firmly believe that you can make history.
As for me, everyone can be greatness.
Only you can be good for everything, and you can be improving every day.
Fist of all you can think the greatness is too smart.
Today, researchers have evidence that an intrinsic passion for one's work is a key to rising above.
When you love your work, you couldn't stop thinking about this stuff.
More importantly, I have a schoolmate ask for me that why are the greatness so great.
I replied her that the greatness is small number.
As a college student, I am supposed to read more books, and we shall not flag or fail.
We shall go on to the end.
We shall never surrender.
It has long been a contentious issue as to whether physical exercise should be required part of every school day.
For one thing, physical exercise in school can makes students healthier.
With the development of the society, the graduate students are facing the high pressure of finding jobs.
So the students in school pay more attention to their study, and they ignore the importance of exercise.
They are unhealthy and tend to be ill.
If the physical exercise was required part of every school day, there would be more chances for students to take exercise.
For another, physical exercise plays an important role in one's life.
If physical exercise became part of every school day, students would be used to taking exercise.
Now, after close examination, it is not difficult to draw the conclusion that physical exercise should be required part of every school day.
Choosing an occupation makes a difference to everyone, especially our graduates.
A good occupation will follow us a lifetime.
But how to choose one's occupation makes a big problem.
At the first time, you should get your interests enough that what's your hobby.
secondly, looking at yourself carefully and trying to know what are you good at and what's your weakness.
Then you would find a lot of companies which fit both your interests and your good qualities.
As a college student of computer profession, of course, I will make a choice of an occupation about my profession.
Nowadays, social development is extremely rapid.
Although now I got into college, but still felt great pressure.
In that when I graduate from the university, social more competitive.
In metropolis, everyone is always busy.
In that someone need money to support the family.
However, keep a good mood is remarkably essential.
Firstly, good state of mind can improve the work and learning.
Secondly, a pleasant mood can make mind and body relax.
So many people choose the entertainment to relax .
In my opinion, pressure also is a kind of power.
If we lived in leisure environment, we would have loosed the power.
Nowadays, after-school activities are becoming more and more popular in high schools.
I often join after-school activities , such as doing sports, looking English films and so on.
Because of the activities, my body is more strong, and my English level is improved.
But it is not right for anyone to join them.
You'd better not join the activities if your grade is not very good.
More and more students has use Mobile Phone play games or look for dates in the library.
This phenomenon has been bring many influences.
Many students believe that they can help students more gain knowledge and relax mood, because let's ourselves reduce pressure.
Of course some people think it is a bad thing .
In my opinion, TV talent show is a good thing if these shows are strict managed.
With the improvement of living standards, a part of collage students have some bad habits about health.
such as sleep late, excessive consumption, addicted to the game and so an.
As collage students, we don't have our income, so we should't careless spending and play games to increase parent's press.
The home is bad, the same bad habits also to our future.
On the other hand, sleep late make us no mentle state next day, such as sleeping in the class, not lack of spirit and trapped.
As collage students, as adults, we should have certain of self-control.
we can find some things do avoid unhealthly life habit form, such as take part in some society activities, read some books and so on.
In order to our good life in the future, we must develope good living habits.
There was a news about six students hired cleaners to do laundry and cleaning once a week, which has led to a heated debate.
As a student, doing laundry and cleaning should be the necessary skills in our college life.
Evenmore, we have not the ability of making money to support this kind of spending.
It is not only unbenificial to our self-care ability but also a waste of our parents' money.
The first , nowadays English is becoming more and more important.
We need to use English to comunicate witn the others.
The second, it is necessery that we obtain English because wo need it when we want to have a job.
What'more, we can know more international information which is usually translated into English.
Several minutes ago, my P.
teacher told me,  in order to make yourself seen clearly by others at a long distance, it is necessary to add a desk today.
Since I was familiar with every action.
I thought I could handle this situation.
In recent years, online shopping becomes more fashionable.
Besides, you may be taken in online shopping .
To my opinion, we should choose supermarket carefully.
Because online shipping is cheaper then in shop s. On theother hand, we should choose some known supermarket.
But should be careful.
Firstly, thinking of his career, the ultimate goal is not to punish but to let them correct the mistakes.
Secondly , he should be forgiven only if he can away from the mistakes.
There are also some person against the opinion he should be given another chance.
They think their behaviours had made a bad effect on the society, given the children a bad class, they hurt the fan's heart.
When we were at the bus stop , we usually saw the advertisement board said  No business, no killing  .
The movie star Jackie Chan shot a public service announcement .
It said  No sale no kill  .
I was deeply shocked .
I hate poachers.
People in order to the elephant ivory and killed elephant, in order to horns and killed the rhino, in order to tiger bones and killed the tiger, in order to paws and bear gallbladders and killed the bear , in order to the turtle shell and killed the turtle.
In order to protect wild animals, insights make unremitting efforts.
Many people like eating wild animals, so a few of restaurants in order to make money to have good for diners, such as pangolin, masked civet and kinds of bird and snake.
As long as someone eating wild animals, there are wild animals business.
There also have poachers.
So we must stop eating and buying wild animals.
This is from a source wipe the poaching phenomenon.
The reason is simple.
We should know protecting animals is to protect ourselves.
So start from me, from now start to do.
I heard that you will go to a restaurant near the school next week to work.
Nowadays, many students attach less importance to the spelling of words in the process of English study.
From my point of view, the main reasons for this phenomenon are as follows.
Firstly, I think students pay less attention to spelling, because they study english just in order to cope with example.
Secondly, many teachers don't realize the importance too.
To deal with this problem successfully, I have some suggests.
I think, first, it's necessary to make students realize the importance of spelling, and make them understand the true meaning of study.
Then, I think teachers should change their teach method, and emphasize the importance of spelling, and they should dictate every week.
Suppose you are my English writing teacher's student, you will like her and her class.
I don't know how to describe her .
My English writing teacher's name is SunPingyan, whose English name is Mandy.
She was my last term writing teacher.
She has medium-long straight hair, which is always piled up as a bun behind her head and this makes her elegant.
Given that she is slender, she often likes to wear designer clothes.
Also, she likes smile and I hold that it is her smile that let us believe in her and her class.
In addition, she likes learning more than I can say.
I have learned a lot from her, her class still haunting me.
Nowadays many university students chooses to do part -time job in the holiday.
On the one hand.
someone think socialpractice waste time.
It is important to spend more time on the study for students.
On the other hand , someone encourages university students to take part in social practice.
because they think it's significative.
first , social knowledge will increase.
In my opinion.
As a university students i have joined social practice in sommer holiday.
I felt more happy.
in the process of practice.
I learned thow to communicate with people.
and made new friends and made some money.
But the most important thing is that i understand how to solve the problem.
everyone, my name is Peter.
I study in T internatition school, i like sport very much, i can run very fast, my favorite sport is run.
i am in Class two Grade eight, i like math very much, because, my maths is very good, i don't like english, because i think english is very boring, and enlish teacher is very boring too.
Of course, my grandmother will cook for us delicious food.
I am going to visit the Summer Palace, the Palace Museum, the Water Cube, the Great Wall and so on.
With the development of science and technology , online service plays a more and more essential part in our daily life .
As the saying goes: Piety is the foundation of all virtues.
That means nothing could be more significant than your parents in your life.
Not only do they take a lot to raise you but also they love you and care about you.
They are happy in that you are happy, when you do something wrong, they will help and encourage you .
However, it is totally different in the Western traditions.
The Western children are extremely independent.
When they beg their parents for money, their parents will say:  No problem, dear , I will lend you  , rather than  Here you are  .
As result, most of them know No pains, no gains  .
So they do many things by themselves, what is more , they care of themselves when they are old.
  At that time , I was too young to understand what my mother said.
Years later , I grow up , I know what I should I do when they are old.
Nowadays, I am old enough to know how hard the life is.
As far as I am concerned, I believe my parents are the people that love me best and blood is thicker than water.
In my opinion, it is worthwhile for modern people have little aware of protecting the earth.
As we all know, the weather is becoming much warmer.
We human beings are facing such a serious problem which is over release of CO2 that makes us living harder.
We did have created many hi-technology productions, which make our life more convenient.
A good case in point is the car.
Today, we cannot avoid going out by this kind of machine.
And there is no denying that cars colored our life.
But on the other hand, with more and more cars running on roads, the weather problem becomes so serious that there is nothing like that than ever before.
With the Reform and Opening -up policy being carried out.
As a sophomore, I am so glad to say hello to the freshman , meanwhile, I have something to tell.
First, the most important thing is still to study.
Please do not take it granted that you can do whatever you want.
We just change the place we learn.
In a word, learning more and getting more, because you will find it so important to your career when you graduate from school.
Second, making more friends who you think is worth.
As we all know, we cannot live happily without friends.
Finding someone whom you can share your happiness and sadness with.
Of course, the friend in college is not like what someone say, and it is just more practical and rational.
In this case, we still treat others sincerely, because how we treat others we are treated in this way.
Third, try taking part in the practice activities.
If that, you can know many persons who are differ from your major, which can make you know something new and enlarge your eye-sight.
As far as I am concerned, the last thing to tell is that enjoy your college life as possible as you can.
It becomes more and more common .
As to this issue, opinions vary from person to person .
Some people think it is useless to make the evaluation of teachers from students.
Because they think students usually make their judgements by their own emotion.
and some of the students even give high evaluations to the teachers just because the teacher are funny , easy-going or pay less attention to what they are doing in class.
But others maintain that students'evaluation of teacher is objective.
On the one hand, students'evaluation of teachers is a feasible plan to measure a teacher'teaching level.
On the other hand, it isn'the only way to measure a teacher .
I love my father, whose very easy raeson is he love me too.
He looks after me very well .
My father is a worker, and my family  s host.
He solve my family  s everything, i admire my father, that is because he is very well.
Although my family is very poor, he always buy something for me.
And i always reap something which i try my best to overcome everything frome my father.
When i am depress, my father can make me happy.
He said i should conplain with hem, and have more communication.
Oru relationship like friendship, and i like this relation.
I can talk about everything with my father.
No matter how busy work and more tired.
he always communication with me for some time to find out my mistakes.
He love my father, whose reason just is this.
I look forward to for a long time, labor day has finally arrived.
I like the holiday, because I can go to different places to see a different landscape.
This holiday from three days into the five day, it means I can have enough time to relax.
This holiday is a special holiday.
I especially like a person to a strange place.
I like this feel.
Now talk about my holiday life.
The first day, because we cannot repress the gladness of heart so we got up early and start.
My roommate and I eat breakfast in the canteen.
On this day we strolled the Dalian all schools.
For example, X university of technology and M university.
This day we are walking.
The second and third days the weather is not good, so we had to stay in the dormitory rest.
The fourth day, we went to the X Park and X Square.
We played a lot of excting things.
on february.
Computer has a lot of disadvantages, but also very much.
a computer is like a book to an encyclopaedia, we would have to collect any information, but in the bookstore book was hard to find, you can use the computer to search the web site, first, before entering their names to find information, click search to find himself to find information, it is better than in the bookstore a book for a local much quicker.
The computer is like a movie theater and concert halls, when going to watch a new film or like to listen to music that can be bought or the price is too expensive, you can use the computer interconnected network of the sky searching for himself to the movies and music, click the play, you can set herself to enjoy.
the online games are over and depravity.
But most of them is to make money, in order to make a lot of people playing his own company, the game is designed to be very good, that many young people indulging in some teenagers playing in the game, but since has no money, will be hit to steal and rob, even to kidnapping .
  .
When it comes to this topic, the opinions vary from person to person.
With its wide range of uses, we can recognize our own position by mobile phone's GPS when we get lost.
About this issue, many people have different ideas.
Many tourists don't protect the monuments so that they do harm to many monuments.
As far as I am concerned .
How excited and happy I am.
I am so glad to be admitted to such a great college.
For one thing, our college is bigger and more beautiful than my high shhoolo, It contains talents from all corners of our country.
what's more, to my college life; I am full of expect-ion, I will be a determined and hard-working student, And with the help of my excellent teachers, I will make it.
last but not least , I will take part in society activities to get the ability of communicating .
I think the literature for our lives is essential, a good literature allows us to comprehend a lot of sense, so I suggest the students go to the library to see the next multi-class literature books.
Because of its long splendid history and its beautiful , enchanting campus environment, also its excellent education programs.
But the WAR two was begin , so he must to went to the war just for the U.
Along with the age growth gradually, I find that I have many different views in life and values with my parents.
One day, my parents were listening to classical music when I went home back.
I dislike those music, so I told my parents turned it off or turned it down.
However, they side that it very good and quite.
I can't stand it and turned up my Mp4.
Then, rock music was loudly and fulled of the room.
Finally, my parents with me got into quarrel.
Because they also dislike rock music and boring it.
th November 2014.
I became a college student and college life is interesting happy and relax .college classing let me feeling rich in here I made friends with my roommates.
they are every good our dormitory is only one stranger in oue ciass.
that make us fell good luck .our dormitory has not a native people.of course I came here I miss my parents and my brother and foods.
In the school has many activities but I have no interest in if it is good for me I can join.
Because it can be good for me graduate.
because I want become succeed so I nessary do it.
My drem is become a chinese teacher In the school I am every happy, I have many friends and they let me feeling every kindly brave and sunlight here teachers all good I think they are acquittal every day my roommates and I together ciassing eat sleep and play they not only is friends , but also is sisters.
I am writing to apple for the opportunity to help students in chenxi Hopschool.
I wish to apply for thr job.
I am a 16-year-old boy and studying in chenguang middle school, i have a good knowledge of languages.
i am an outgoing boy, whichcan make it easy to gets along well with others.
The proposal of increasing tuition by 3percent at the beginning of next semester was strongly criticized by the students' government representatives .
Following this issue was the approval of the proposal, which asked to build a new 20,000 seat arena at the cost of $153 million .
I was invited to get involved in the activity which was called 'Experience in China'.
I have learnt a lot.
At first, I got in troble with different culture.
Fortunately, he helped me to get over this difficulty.
Whenever there is a question, we will have a discuss.
During the time, I not only tasted some delicacies, but also watched the Peking Opera.
Compared with other festivals, I like Spring Festival best because everyone would get together on that day.
In a word, I love China.
With the rapid improvement in technology of computer, our traditional way of teaching and learning has greatly changed.
According to some people, they hold that computers will replace teachers.
But in other's opinion, they believe the teacher is irreplaceable.
First and foremost, computers will facilitate our study and arouse our interest.
We could acquire more knowledge from this.
When you find something difficult, just use a computer.
It will give you elaborate explanation and make you understand.
Besides, It will stimulate our independent study.
Without anyone 's help, our self-control may go up a high level.
It is beneficial for us to improve ourselves.
Last but not least, no one would deny that computer is playing a significant role in our daily life.
All in all, computers bring a lot of convenience to us.
And it is essential for our study.
I'm very friendly l think, so I will chant with them and make friend with them.
I well enjoy my work and get along well with my studens.
All students are looking forward to the summer holiday, because they can play computer all day in the summer holiday.
Nevertheless I believe we shouldn't play it all summer holiday.
I suppose we should do some sports in the summer, such as running, swimming and playing football to make us in excellent condition.
We also can travel to some places as well as join some language courses.
As we can see in the picture, a butcher has sold some meat with water to a women.
Sush a phenomenon is reflection that people is lack of honest.
Traditionally, they promise to love each other for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health.
I realized that I wore a bit less the instant I felt very cold and wet even if I was in the classroom.
I had lots of friends when I was a child.
My first friend's name is Zhang Zhexuan.
We studyed in Shang Haidao Primary School.
Zhang zhexuan was a little difficult in class but I didn't, I was very good.
After class we ofen played games together.
For example, we played hide-and-seek.
Our first English teacher is Nancy.
Recently, online course is popular around the world.
More and more school try to teach in internet instead of tradition teaching system.
Secondly, teaching in the internet is convenient to share teach's resource.
Some people are in favor of the rating system.
They think students will attend the teachers' classes every day.
On the contrary, others are strongly against it.
They think that the rating system is bad for teachers.
Students are likely to make a inequitable rate due to the relationships of teachers.
As far as I'm concerned students rating on teachers will act an interactive role.
Students rating on their teachers can break up the absolute authorities of teachers, and will accelerate teaching and learning progress.
In a word, I suggest that students should rate through the fact rather than the personal bias.
Then if your car is on others' way, they can use these numbers on it to call you.
We can play basketball with their.
I had my first two grades at Y Piano Art School (maye that's its name.
I still have a picture of me and and my first school.
When I was in Class Two Grade One, I loved standing in a line and went anywhere together with my class.
That's obviously my favourite activity.
That was a little happiness of a freshman in primary school.
I recall my first Chinese teacher, mats teacher or English teachernow but I have a clear memory of my piano teacher, Mr Qie.
She was strict but warm-hearted and about fifty.
She played piano briliant, Actually she was my first muse  .
But when classes' over, she was just like a mom or granny.
I lived in scool that time, an she cares about me very much.
She even considered me as her own child.
I had two lessons every day.
She was so loving that I woudn't miss my dad and granny when I was with her.
I'll keep her in my mind althugh I don't have lots of memories of her.
About my first friend, she's a girl called Y who draws very well.
That's all I can still remember about her.
First, as we all know, English is a language that popular in the world.
People all over the world all nearly can speak little or more English.
What's more, as our second language, it makes us know that knowledge of another language and culture can broaden our horizons and enrich our life.
It let us take in more knowledge about England.
In addition, I consider English is quite interesting.
Compared with Chinese, it doesn't boring like that.
I regard learning English as my favorite thing.
Long time no see, both Tom and his old friend Ed miss each other all the time.
What's more, they keep in touch with each other by correspondence.
After Tom realized that Ed already died, he became regretful and sorrowful.
At last, Tom missed Ed so much, but it's too late for everything.
From it, we can see the real thing that we should let him or her know at once, and we should never hesitate to express and share the feelings with our friends.
In my opinion, I think that friendship has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life.
Friendship is precious for everyone.
The most important thing of friendship should be that everyone should treat each other with whole heart.
In conclusion, please do what you want to do for your friends when you have chance and capability to do it.
Short of both adults and children in the silent about their pain, suffering from ADIS, parents also aids in children, then the pain of torture until the child.
I very want to ADIS mothers say, please don't take pain to the child, although gave them a little time to live, but also bring them a lifr\e pain.
It's the Spring Festival , of course .
Now , we are looking forward to having our festival .
As you know , spring festival is a traditional festival which has been existed for thousand years.
it's important for Chinese to get together to celebrate the festival .
people prepare a lot for it before its coming .
we clean our house which we think can bring our good luck .
when it coming , people dress up and celebrate it with families or friends.
we eat dumpling and many kind of food together .
then most of the people visit their neighbors, friends, families .
Firstly, we should believe our government , anytime , our government must do the most valuable thing to protect our legal rights and those of our users.
Then when we denied some online rumors we should let our family know this is wrong , and they should take care .
This is the first holiday when I went to the university.
Not much holiday homework.
But accustomed to my high school life.
A bit at a loss.
Firstly, I help the dog taken a bath and feed it to eat, then I go out for a walk with it.
This holiday is very meaningful, although I did not like the other students to go to work, travel.
To sum up, this is my holiday, very happy, very meaningful.
Nowadays, many people say the Spring Festival is more and more not 'hit'.
I was so busy with the mother behind, morning and afternoon, until the New Year's Eve to all live busy, then busy Zhawan Zi, fried peanuts, fried melon seeds.
Thank you very much for your letter and the enclosed literature, which we received on Thursday 7 July.
The above picture illustrates that a boss who sat on the chair refused to adapt a innovative proposal proposed by a young man who standed on the side of the desk.
Perhaps, we have not realized how important innovation is, but we have enjoyed its fruits and reaped the benefits of it.
For instance, in the paleolithic age, human had just hunted game and picked edible wild herbs, while innovativelly planted crops which made human came into the neolithic age.
What is more, innovation has made several new things came into our daily life, such as computer, Internet, vehicle and so on.
As far as I am concerned, our society would stop development and the whole human species would be extinct without innovation or embracing new things.
I'm an undergraduate whose name is LiHua, just finish my commencement .
At half past eight he gets up and washes himself.
At quarter to nine he has delicious breakfast.
At nine he does his homework carefully.
He does it with one and a half hours.
Next he will do some exercises at the park near his home.
He has delicious lunch at twelve.
In the afternoon he has IT or English classes at one o'clock.
He will finish them until three o'clock.
During four to six he reads many different kinds of books.
At half past six he has few meals for dinner.
Then he searches information on the Internet or watches his favorite TV programs.
At half past eight he puts things away.
This is Daming's holiday plan.
There is near one year after I enter the college, gradually, I adjust to this new surrounding and as if forget hihh school study.
In most time, teachers always follow our learning courses, If we have some questions, we can go to office to ask them.
Since I become a university student, classes number is lower than high school, the professor will go after they achieve their courses.
Thanks to your email, I will show my school days for you.
I usually get up at 6 o'clock.
I read English and then leave home at a half past six.
At school, I chat with my friends.
The first lesson starts at a half past seven.
If it is Thursday, the first lessons is English.
I like English very much, Because our teacher that teaches our English is cute and very interesting.
I usually have dinner when I get home.
In the library, everyone is very quiet.
First of all, whenever you enter the library, turn your mobile phone into the mode vibration .
Nowadays, the mobile phone is more and more used in person's life.
In the picture , people are at a party, however they are playing their own mobile phone.
Just now, it's a very common phenomenon, we don't speak with each other, but bow to play mobile phone at the party.
It is not been achieved that the purpose of making the exchange through the party.
As far as I am concerned, the mobile phone should be forbidden to use at the party, but it should be used to making a phone call.
Our teacher takes measure to group cooperative learning this term.
Every coin has two sides, it's improve our team consciousness and friendship.
Unlike in the past regardless of others but yourself.
Let's go to study in the happiness amophorae.
However, it have some shortcomings.
The classroom discipline sometimes bad when our students is talking with each other.
So, we're responside for own education.
Nowdays, the development of tourism is very rapid, which can promote the development of the local economy.
For this, there is a extensive discussion.
As far as I'm concerd, we shouldn't limit its development because it has became an important insdutry and promotes the development of related industries.
Second , the government needs to strengthen the protection of tourist spots in the propaganda work.
For us , we should improve the consciousness to protect the cultural relics and historic sites.
In recent years, online shopping is becoming more and more popular.
Many people like shopping online.
However, some people take the different views.
First, people don't always know the quality of online purchase goods.
If you buy a bad good, I think your mood is so bad.
Second, it will let people become very lazy.
When you go shopping, you are doing exercise.
But you don't go out, you will become lazy to do anything.
Third, when you are busy, you want to buy something you need.
In my opinion, I think there are good ways and bad ways.
People can buy something what you can't find it in th local store.
Online shopping have many chose the beautiful goods.
But we should also go out shopping.
Since 2008 financial crisis, the Chinese government has took a set of actions to protect economy, including the stable monetary policy,4000 billion plan snd so on .
when looking back into the Japanese economic history, there are some common features similiar with the present condition.
First of all, we must change the exporting oriented economy structure, going a way that economic growth relying on domestic demand.
China has a large population ,70% of which is living on agriculture.
Second, what we have to convert is the situation that the economic growth mainly depends on goverment's driving to increase the power of inter-motivation of economy.
Breaking monoply, lowing the sill of civilian investment and guiding more capital flowing into civilian companies can be very efficient.
Third, we should utilize all kinds of measures to protect our infant industry.
It is essential to focus ondeveloping the service industry.
In order to make our school life more and more interesting, I think everyone should take part in after-school activities, such as social activity, sports, and watching English movies.
My favorite activity is watching English films.
In my opinion, if you want to exchange ideas with other students and work in teams, you can join in social activity.
If you enjoy taking exercise, sports is a good choice.
Different national have different Learning Style.
For our Chinese, My personal experience has led me to believe that one can be flexible in one learning practices.
Having been brought up in a traditional Chinese family, So that, the international student experience, and hence has limited our ability to conceptualise a quality education for these students.
Merely accepting and sucking everything the teacher said.
However, this changed with exposure to other methods of learning and I now enjoy the constructivist approach in learning.
However .
Nowadays, online shopping has become a direction, More and more person prefer online shopping to outside shopping.
Online shopping can solve many problems, For example, we needn't take the bus or subway that will lose a lot of time and energy.
When it comes to positive aspects, it's extremely convenient and time-saving compared with traditional shopping because it brings us a lot of convenience.
However, just as everything has two sides, online shopping also has many disadvantages.
First of all, most products have intently evil quality.
We can only see the things of the photos on the web page, so their quality is not so good as it looks.
In addition, we sometimes feel surprise because this was not stained from life.
On the whole, via the above analysis, l believe online shopping has a brilliant future intensely.
Everyone wants to have a good future.
But you need to do something improve your qualification and catch chance.
In China, more and more people choose to take civil service exams.
They hope to become government employees and they think it is a good choice.
As a college student, you should to learn how to plan our own life.
If you become a civil servant, you will have comfortable life and do same things .
As far as l'm concerned, the exam is challenging and exciting.
We have different ideas and choices.
Accorading to your idea and plan is right.
If you want to become a civil servant, you'll take the exam.
Howevet, if you have not more interest you'll feel boring.
As far as I'm concerned, the reservation  means responsibility  .
First of all, reservation can make the work orderly at the restaurant.
Afterwards reservation, the customer could have some psychological comfort.
Include such basic information as guest name, telephone number, address, number of guests and sit-down time.
When the guests tell the above information, repeat the above information to the guests.
Nowaday, campus romance is everywhere in university, and more and more students are keen on pursuing campus romance.
On the one hand, the campus romance is basis on the economic, as a result, we students are consumers that we don't have enough resource to pay for something.
As for me, I am in favour of making friends on campus.
However, romance isn't representative of love, we must build up our ability to deal with the normal relationship between boys and girls.
One reason is that smoking usually become habit behaviour and habits , whether good or the bed are not easy to be given up .
In many cities , smok-ing is forbidden in public places.
And newspapers asked not to polish advertisements for cigarettes .
Since the NAFTA went into effect and the WTO was created, the US's trade deficits and unemployment have accelerated rapidly.
work.
My name is H.
high school student.
I will tell you somethimg about this camp.
on sunday, we get to Sichuan.
Then, we have a taining.
If you could take, we would be very happy.
I'm look forward to seeing you.
Therefore, with the development of high economy, a large number of pollution growths and the increase of people's living standards day by day, there is a growing number of garbage.
At first of place, we know a lot of waste that is becoming a marvelous pollution source to big city's development and the garbage on the environmental pollution has a serious problem.
If a lot of living garbage cannot get effective treatment, it real result in a big pollution to our environment and surrounding water, air and soil.
Living garbage can devided into four categories that recoverable garbage, kitchen waste, harmful waste and other waste.
The Spring Festival is the most important festival all the year round for the Chinese.
So I decorated the house with the character 'Fu' and some paper-cuts on the New Year's Eve.
In addition, I also helped my mother clean the room in order to sweep the bad luck.
In the evening, my family had a big dinner.
And then we enjoyed the Spring Festival Gala evening together.
At midnight, we went out to set off firecrackers.
On the New Year's day, I visited my grandpa and grandm and they gave me the lucky money.
A collegeis a school who has a very large land .
There are many buildings.
I would study harder than my middle school time .
During three years.
I hope to meet a girl .
Nowadays online shopping is becoming fashionable.
For example, shopping on the internet can release our many times.
In addition, consumers have more choices and can do some comparison when they are going shopping online.
Then just waiting for the express.
The most important is that we can purchase the foreign goods.
The goods are cheaper than store's.
However each coin have two sides.
Online shopping also have disadvantages.
Some times people would be cheated online without wariness.
It is not that easy for consumers to distinguish the fake and the real without looking at real things.
I suppose that we should pay more attention when shopping on the internet.
We should make a better environment for shopping online, effective measures should be taken to make it better.
It will increasing number of customers.
I think online shopping will be much more popular in the near future.
But everyone has themself opinions about the thing.
In china, the majority people use QQ to work and make friend .
All my friends have their QQ for contact each other.
So, it is necessary to everyone.
It's fall now.
We can enjoy ourselves and play some games.
Before winter comes, the weather is cool.
So we should dress on warm clothing and buy some warmer clothes for the cold winter.
I am a student come from GANSU province so I don't know about the weather of LUOYANG.
I hope I can adapt to the cold weather well.
It's so cold in winter, but it will be fun because we can play with snow.
My favourite season is winter.
Winter is a beautiful and cold season.
The fall will be end, so I am happy to welcome the winter comes.
Before winter comes, the weather is cool.
We should do more exercise and keep our body healthy.
My neighbor lost himself in music.
So I was very angry.
I made a suggestion to him.
He promised that he will turn down and he said sorry to me.
Some people suggest that it will bring us a lot of benefits.
It's my great honour for me to share my feelings and ideas with everyone.
The reason why I feel surprised is that my first impression about my university is magnificent.
Then, as for freshmen, the university is so big that we lost our ways.
Last but not least, I hope I get through my power to adapt to the new conditions and dig into my books.
No matter what I choose, can I stick out trying my best to study hard.
Meanwhile, I believe that only if I stand up to the next challenge on my goal, can miracles happen every day.
Only we work hard, must we make our dream come true.
We have breakfast, lunch and dinner.
We share happy , bear burden \ .
It has become a popular trend to online shopping.
A few years ago, many people are accustomed to shopping in a mall.
However, all coins have two sides, there are certain advantages and disadvantages of online shopping.
As the same time, shopping on the internet has a lot of advantages.
Generally speaking, most of the people choose online shop have an important reason.
That is convenient.
For example, if you tend to buy something but don't want to go out, obviously you just need surf the internet and click the mouse.
As a result of the internet is a false world, therefore, online shopping also has it is disadvantages, on the one hand, the first advantage is that consumers can't see the goods or try them on personally.
As far as I am concerned, we should be careful.
Besides, you can't trust others.
Certainly, we also need consume reasonably on the internet.
One day, Lucy and her friend Nancy were playing on a lawn, they were playing hide and cheat.
so she went in to the cave and hide behind a large stone.
Suddenly, she saw a small thing shining under the stone.
She pushed the big rock and then .
. She couldn't belive her eyes a beautiful blue box!
It is on 25 December, the day when christians celebrate.
Yes, you will very happy.
I will tell a story about Christmas .
A long sock which children leave out when they go to bed on Christmas Eve so that it can be filled with presents.
At that day our English teacher give me a surprise.
I hope we can get the Christmas holidays.
I think we are not thinking Christmas is important, why we always celebrate it and can get presents that day.
No 4 mibble school , the largest becuful school in our county, lies noth of the zunyi county.
Thier are student more than 2000 people and beautiful environment of school .
People busy day, there is little time to focus on such a minor matter of the food safety.
Nonetheless in the last decade, food safety but high-profile.
In 2008, Sanlu Company place of the chemical additives into the milk instead of the protein.
The exposure of the incident shocked the Chinese and foreign people.
Some foreign media even suspected the milk and food safety in Beijing Olympic Games.
In 2011, the illegal cooking oil event one's criminal conspiracy was unmasked.
Some expert pointed out that prolonged use of waste oil will conduce to the carcinogenic.
There are two examples of many cases.
Confronted of the threat of the impossible to guard against in our life, we should take measures to avoid them, here are some tips.
First, avoid going to restaurants.
Despite the dishes in restaurants are more delicious and more convenience, but it means more chemical additives.
Cooking at home is tedious, but cleaner.
Second, shopping in a supermarket instead of at a stall.
A stall might cheap, but the quality cannot be guaranteed.
Hard-working is relative to success.
For example, I'm lazy when I enter in high school, and my English tests are always failed.
Therefore , I spare no effort to study at the expense of my leisure time .
First, it is difficulty achieving success when you first time do it even if you are luck.
Where there is a will , there is a way.
Lately a hot discussion on Studying abroad or finding a job has come to people's attention.
Second, finding a job means stepping into society earlier.
That is to say, you can get more chances to train your determination and courage.
According to the survey, a host of high school students support to get online frequently.
There are three main reasons for it.
First and formost that they can access to knowledge and broaden their horizons.
What's more, they can communicate and share with their friends.
On no account can we ignore the negative impact of getting online, therefore some are opposed to it.
It is bad for eyes.
In my opinions, we should not spend too much time getting online.
The first thing I came here is to learn how to adjust to college life as quickly as possible.
Including wash clothes, buy daily supplies, even you may be go to some classes alone.
At present, graduates choose their career in many different field in our country.
In view of severe employment situation, more and more graduates tend to be boss of themselves rather than to apply for a job.
As a matter of fact , there are still many graduates want to work in a big company or in government so that they can live a decent life .
As we all know, men and women war different in every aspect.
In employment choice is still so .
Men are more ambitious while women want to find a stable job.
Most of men are eager to achieve their goal, but for most of women , they are not stronger than men and they care more about family .
We can, therefore, come to the conclusion that the employment situation is severe in our country.
Not only our government should take effective measures but as well ourselves should learn to improve in every aspect.
A photo on the Internet shows that the lack of social rules and regulations awareness leads to many avoidable traffic accidents .
We learn with pleasure from www.Cantonfair.com that your company sells scarf, which is attractive.
We compare you with other companies.
I'd like to introduce some details about the after-school activities .
I take part in club activities where students get together to do some interesting things .
Besides , I always play football with my friend, Tom, for I believe that doing exercise is a good way to improve our health .
In addition, I 'll see an English movie when I feel tired .
I have some suggestions to students.
Taking part in after-school activities is an interested, useful thing , which make you relaxed .
There are many knowledgeable people, this is the place where dreams begin.
My favorite place at school is the reading room because it is very big and bright.
I like reading books and magazines there because they not only povide me with much knowledge, but also helps me learn a lot about what has happening around the world.
Sometimes i even feel i can have a talk with the people in the books.
Nowadays, more and more programmes present to TV.
Nonetheless my most favorite TV program is CCTV5.
As everyone knows, this program reports some news about sports, including basketball, swimming, running and so on.
The programme is official, and the reports are more accurate than other programmes'.
In reality, I love exercise extremely much.
My favorite sport is basketball.
I frequently watch basketball games.
Interpretation is also professional, frequently let me immerse in it.
In reality, the programme to meet the needs of us.
Nowadays, a considerable number of school education focus on the education of the students' abilities to study.
However, more and more people realize that to build a harmonious society not only needs graduates who have professional skills, but also needs the youth with noble character.
Character education is important to the students' growth.
It helps students to get along well with others.
It develops the students'qualities of honesty, generosity, gratefulness and so on.
And, it improves the students' efficiency in study and work.
What's more, it cultivates the students' sense of responsibility to their family and country.
From this, it can be seen that character education also has a close relation to the development of our country.
My mother takes care of me all the time, she is around me when I need help.
Unlike my father, who is so severe and dusy, my mother is very kind, when I make mistakes, she will not angry, she tells me to take care of these mistakes and should not make them next time.
People have a different attitude to it .
There arises a problem that a child should not cry but be a big boy  .
What children need is our patience.
You are crying because your parents don't buy the toy that you are addicted to.
But your parents tell you that a child should not cry but be a big boy  .
For a growing number of people, to use e-book whenever it is necessary.
E-book becomes a modern thing in people's life.
Admittedly, e-book has its own advantages.
As a high-tech product, e-book makes it convenient for people.
People no longer need to consult a trail of books and only need to have an e-book.
Enter the contect you need and you will get the answer in a few times.
Undoubtedly, it can save our time and money.
People don't have a necessity to go to a physical bookstore and spend money purchasing.
However, there are shortcomings with e-book.
Internet is a public place and thousands of people use it.
People don't have their own pivarcy because what they do would be seen by others.
In my view, e-book will be necessary in the future.
My school is a common school.
This is our school.
Mrs Sun is my English teacher.
She is twenty years old, and she looks very nice.
She is quite tall, with big eyes and short hair, and she wears glasses.
She always wears dresses.
She is always friendly to us, and she is very kind.
Her all students love her very much.
She likes singing and dancing.
When talking about why parents help children to be independent, quite a few some people believe that most parents want to meet the children's requirement, and they willing to do anything for the children, so the children like to do everything ask their parents to help.
In accordance with the situation, the children will not dependent.
As far as I am concerned, I think, in order to the children dependent, parents should to give the children enough freedom.
Every time, when I thought this, I do not know how to spend it.
First , I will spend it on the things I need, such as like clothes and food, these almost cost 150 yuan.
And I have 50 yuan left, it can use for my bills.
To be a good teacher, you should rich in knowledge to teach student clear and organised.
to give students a good impression, you must be kind and patient with them.
active class, so that teacher should be amusing and interesting.
But, a good teacher also must pay attention to something about tesching.
when students make mistakes, you should answer questions until everyone understands.
The Dragon Boat Festival , also referred to as the Duanwu Festival, is an annual holiday falling on fifth day of the fifth month in chinese lunar calender every year.
In the Dragon Boat Festival, we have many funny activities to spend the holiday.
The most important activity is the Dragon Boat race, which gives the name of this festival.
The game needs boats and people as many as possible.
Then this boats compete for number one.
The Dragon Boat race attracts many people all around the country to visit every year.
As the rapid development of social modernization , the Chinese traditional festival activities are becoming gradually disappeard.
Many people just regard this traditional festivals as holidays.
They prefer to stay at home rather than go out.
As far as I am concerned, we should promote Chinese cultrual and not forget the traditional activities.
Support1: First of all, she showed us some ppt to teach us how to write an essay with logical, the basic writing is we knows the support and point of your essay.
The Spring Festival is very important for all of Chinese.
Because it is the beginning of the new year.
Before the Spring Festival, people should prepare for it.
For example, we will paste couplet and buy some food to eat.
And during the Spring Festival, people are very happy to set off firecrackers.
It means good fortune.
Our school is very big.
There are a lot of rooms in it.
Such as he was written in the passage: This is no time to moralise on the follies of countries and governments which have allowed themselves to be struck down one by one, when by united action they could have saved themselves and saved the world from this catastrophe.
It is undoubtedful that dishonesty can support us to get much money.
But if we think twice after then, we might find that there will be less and less money you can earn.
To be fankly, being honest may not only be beneficial to others, but also ourseves.
When we do business with others with a heart of honesty, althongh we may not earn a lot, we will obtain trust from others, which might be the most precious treasure we have got.
My parents and We have different values and beliefs.
As a result of them very fear.
One day, I am watching TV, the TV program is very fascinating.
So I don't doing ever-ything.
However, My father ask me .
I don't make a voice.
So father turn down it.
I am not happy.
and My father very angry.
We are have a quarrel.
I hope My parents who should give me many time.
I think it my fault and say sorry for father.
Must say, Xi'an is a true resort.
As far as I am concerned, I think we can combine through read a good book and take part in practice on the appropriate time.
It's beyond my expectations that I could receive the mug within two days.
I have a lot of birthday present.
Because these place is very beautiful.
There are a lot of fun.
There is a park.
There is a ferris wheel.
There is a pirate ship.
There is a roller coaster.
I play a lot.
I'm very happy.
When I have my own consciousness, I recognized the first person I know was neither my mother nor father, but my dear grandmother.
She just likes a sort of sunshine which warms my heart all of my whole life.
She encouraged me, supported me and built me great bravery of facing difficulties.
I was born in a poor family, and I lived with my father and grandmother.
At the meantime, I am a sickly girl.
Nonetheless no matter how hard it is, grandmother can always brought me some snacks as if by magic.
That made me feel extremely happy when I was in hospital.
And she was just sat beside me and look at me with a satisfied smile.
A few years later, it's time for senior high school.
I still remember that I told my complaint and grievance of my vain diligence and cried to her.
She just asked me to work hard, and never give up.
Now, even if she cannot sit beside me anymore, she is kept in my heart deeply.
My hometown is located in north~east AhHui.
For example: Firstly, the environment is suit for people live.
Secondly, the sight is very beautiful because of it has lots of lakes and waters.
Last but not least, MaAnShan is famous for a kind of aron.
Nowaday Environmental protection is more and more important.
Now human to its own interesrs , tortured the earth mother's eyes out.
there id onlu one earth, and the earth is facing serious environmental crisism  save the earth at once  has become the world the strongest question of the people.
the people is in dangerous now.
people use more and more chemicals, water and soil polution is more and more serious.
so we are protect the environment at once.
the government encourages people to low carbon life.
I think enbironmental protection should start from the baby.
Society developing, the phenomenon of global warming which is caused by greenhouse gases such as dioxide carbon is graver and graver.
And the sea level rises year by year, so we should put the problem into the first place.
Aside from global warming, another problem we should solve is the discreasing of natural resources.
The population of human growing with a large margin we need more natural resources is limitted.
When I was young, my teacher and my mother asked me, ''is it good to read''I was very seriously answer, ''Of course, read is a critical part of learning and growth.
However, with the increase of age, the understanding of reading gradually improve.
In ancient times, Sun Quan advised Lu Mong to read, then, Lu Mong will have after three days, sit up and take notice.
This is an example of reading important books.
Also appeared some idiots.
So learning to learn well, cannot read or die.
Deng Xiaoping proposed, practice is the sole criterion for testing truth.
I agree.
As people thonght.
My name is X.
I'm from F, D.
I'm the only child in my family.
My grandfather and grandmother is very kind to me.
I love listening to some light music, reading books and doing some sports like badminton and volleyball.
After entering college, I felt very confused.
I have no idea how to realize my dream.
The most important thing is that they support me.
So I will try my best to make up my mind to study hard.
I believe that I can create my wonderful life.
If you think the word is beautiful that the world is beautiful, if you think the world is dark that the world is dark.
As Dutch humanist Desiderius Erasmus says nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
