so, please, MS.
On balance, I will syudy well, plesse give me an opportunity again .
your sincerly student Mr.
The nedless slaughter on streets and highways can be attribute to three general causes.
First of all, some traffic accident result from mechanical failure.
For example , when the car is on street , in all of a sudden, the brakes is in a faulty condition.
This situation is at risk to cause accident .
In addition, bad environmental condition , such as blind corner, heavy fog , is the one of the most important factor of causing traffic accident.
Last but not least, lethality of the largest is several errors of human judgement, including excessive speed , drunken driving, momently lapses.
With the development of the level of our life, there are various food we can enjoy.
Nonetheless , recently, domestic food safety problem is ongoing concerns about.
As far as I am concerned, food is the most part of life, without food , without lives.
As we know, we get energy from food.
Food keep us health, make us work better , live longer.
In total, we cannot live without food.
If our food cooked by illegal cooking oil, or our milk was tainted serious, or even our vegetable have plenty of chemical additives.
Today's the pesticide pollution is spread over the country.
It's high time that we should do something we can to improve our food safety awareness.
First of us, the government should be strict with food checking before the food transport to the supermarket.
Then, we should buy legal cooking oil, because eating illegal cooking oil may cause cancer.
There is a saying : an apple a day , keep doter away.
Some people watch tv just for fun.
They face to so much presure.
To solve the problem, Blind-date Show is a good and quick way.
Some program maybe promote marriage, but I fare some bad atmospherethe can bring the negative influence to teenagers.
Last week our English club asked students about their weekend activities.
Our question was about weekends.
Here are the results.
Forty percent study English at home.
So I think it is good.
Twenty-five percent watch TV or listen to music and twenty percent use the Internet or playing computer games.
Nonetheless only ten percent help parents with housework and five percent do sports.
I think we should help our parents more and watch less television.
That is good for health.
Let's do it now.
However, others think that it is harmful to people.
There are some problems existing in online shopping.
I like online shopping.
If we want to be successful in a short time, we always buy some books or listen to some lectures to get some remarks.
First of all, if all of us get opinions from famous people, we all have the same remarks.
It is difficult for us to be different from others.
When we are in trouble, we hope that these famous people can give us advice and we don't have to worry about it.
In this way, we won't try to deal with the problems by ourselves.
It is hard for us to improve.
Secondly, how do you know that their remarks fit you situation.
Their remarks may solve the problems many years ago.
As we all know, the situation always changes.
And if you just follow their remarks and do not changde it.
It will make a fool of yourself.
The judge may think you can not solve a problem by yourself.
It seems that you are a dependent person.
In this way, they do not think you can do well at work.
Thirdly, if we always read others successful experience, we will feel upset.
It is not good for us to encourage ourselves.
We may think others' opinions are better.
You will gain more if you follow their opinions.
If we find that we have different opinions, we may think our own ideas are foolish.
In this way, we do not believe ourselves.
In a word, famous people'opinions do not always work well.
Today is Spring Festival that is one of the most important festivals for all Chinese.
In the morning, my brother and I were waked up early by my mother.
After breakfast, we started to clean up our house and decorate it.
I sweeped the floor as well as tidied up myself room.
My brother posted new year's scrolls and paper cuts for window decoration.
They are very beautiful.
We help my mother to get ready for nice dinner after finished ourselves works.
My father came back home in the evening.
We enjoy our dinner and watched The Spring Festival Evening.
It goes without saying that today is a great day.
Of all the knowledge we have, some come from the books we read, some come from personal experience in our lives.
A group of read books, but also life experience.
Studies serve for delight, for ornament, and for ability.
To be a scholar is to be the top of society.
Knowledge from books forms a very important part of our knowledge structure.
In colleges, we gain knowledge in the textbooks which is fundamental to our future career.
We will be illiterate and ignorant without learning knowledge books.
Therefore books are a very important source of knowledge.
I believe many people have realized the significance of reading, but how we read is still a big question.
We need choices before reading, as every article is corresponding to every way to read.
And this leads to the choice.
As far as I am concerned, knowledge from books is more important.
If my foreign friend comes to my hometown, I will take her to the Mount Huangshan.
To strat with, Mount Huangshan is a symbol of Anhui Province, which has a long history.
There are beautiful views from foot to top, attarcting a great many tourists to take photos with them, the most famous is The Pine Greeting Guests.
Moreover, while you are climbing the mountain, you can enjoy the sea of clouds, wondrous pines and unique rocks around you.
In the early morning when the sun rises, the sky looks very beautiful.
Every day, I get up very late.
In the morning, I usually watch TV.
Then I have breakfast.
Bread, milk and jiaozi for breakfast.
Because jiaozi is my favourite food.
Sometimes I eat noodles, too.
After breakfast, I do my homework.
Then I fly kites on the park.
After dinner, I often help my mother clean the bedroom.
I like my holiday.
In fact I'd like to invite you join our outdoor activitity organized by Students'Union.
We will get together at school gate at 7:30.
By this way we can get close to nature and take more exercise as well.
Let's come to the piont.
We will start at 8:00 and end at 11:00.
I saw the film is called UNBROKEN last Friday.
The film about the hero of the story the first children of ltaly.
He was an energy boy when he was child.
But he joined the school track and field team to allow him to stay away from the street violent.
And then he took part in the1936 Tokyo Olympics and he won the eighth.
He joined World War2.
The teacher gets angry when we make mistakes.
When we get sick, the teacher will worry.
The first time I cognize Uwe Scholz is in my university library, I look over something about dance, and his achievements are shocked me.
Uwe Scholz, master of classical and modern dance, is hailed by many reviewers as Germany's best choregrapher.
He was a famous and industrious performer, hottest choreographer and ballet director.
His success to from the age of 18, he said he came to choreography like a virgin to motherhood, purely and chance.
It just like found the new continent, the happiness rising from the heart.
He constantly innovation made him become the Bavarian Theater winner.
However, he wants to try to do something different, so he built up his company and to prevent it from falling victim to the rigorous austerity measures of Leipzing.
Made him know around the world was his representative works-- Sleeping Beauty .
That make it seems very funny and lovely.
The debate over whether the new technological inventions are an angel or a devil raged for a long time.
Some people point that the new technological inventions have fundamentally changed our life; Conversely, others maintain that it adversely that affects our life and work.
For my perspective, I hold the opinion that we should not ignore the fact that the new technological inventions in the meantime negatively affects our friendly relationship.
However, the new technological inventions compound the unconcerned of each other.
No matter where you stand, you can find an abundance of people are absorbed in their phone and pad.
Accordingly, the unrestricted using smart products will bring about a series of horrible consequences.
We should raise our head and put down our phone, and communicate face to face by your heart.
It is obvious that the computer has become an indispensable part in our daily life, with the times evolution.
Our life is closely linked with it.
As is referred that The real danger is not that the computer will begin to like a man, but that man will begin to think like the computer  .
We should pay more attentions to the relationship between humans and computers.
hasn't come true so far.
On the contrary, we begin to think like the computer.
Everything sequencing.
We can almost look into any answer by the computer without thinking.
As far as I am concerned, we must decline the time we spend on computers and read more books to improve our ability to think.
Nowadays, more people concerned about the next generation than a generation ago.
As far as I am concerned, firstly, less concerned about lake of communication can make family cold.
Secondly, our attitude will make parents sad, and have no confidence to life.
Then they do not want to share themselves to us.
To my way of thinking, people should squeeze more time with their parents instead of doing other things such as playing with children.
Those who are interested are welcome to participate in our activities.
If you need any information, please don't hesitate to call our contact person.
For example, books, news, Internet and so on.
We acquire knowledge from these ways in order to live better in the future.
However, as the saying goes, Practice is the sole criterion of truth.
On the one hand, we can't learn everything from books.
There is such a great increase in population that the environmental carving capacity have reached its limit.
What's more, overdevelopment of natural resources has a negative effect on the environment.
Besides, Many coutries are lacking in water resources, which makes it hard for people to have access to safe drinking water.
In addition, cutting down trees is creasing the evenironment.
We must take action to protect the environment.
Secondly, we should control the number of people.
I want to study English for different reasons.
In the other hand, I think English is a beautiful language, which sounds perfect.
What's more, having a good knowledge of Eglish can help us know more about the culture of some foreign countries whose mother language is English.
When I was a little child, I always dreamed to be a college student and to make some great achievements.
But, I'm a college student now.
I still have many classes to attend, in my free time, I get more things to do, like washing the clothes.
I have got more and more pressure.
I have to choose to get the further education, in the same time, I have to take many exams to get the certificate, which are to make sure that I can find a good job after I graduate.
So I find some way to deal with these problems.
I try to balance the time to study and to enjoy life, I study harder than before to fight for my future.
I try to care more about other friends, and go shopping or have dinner with them on weekends.
Firstly, live in a big city means I can share many top facilities different from in countrysides with other people.
And the transporting, shopping, entertaining are very convenient to us.
Secondly, I think countrysides are not very clean, and the safety is a big problem, there are many kinds of insects, I don't like them at all, so I don't want to live in countrysides.
There is no denging the fact that our earth is becoming warmer and warmer .
To begin with, first coal , then oil and natural gas, have been burned for energy at a rapidly increasing rate, more carbon dioxide and poured into the atosphere.
The increasing fierce social competition let a lot of people focus time and energy on making money.
To some extent we must do our absolute best to protect environment and prevent global warming.
We should plant more trees to save our forests and we must have new sources of fuel that do not involve the production of carbon dioxide.
Earth is our home and mother , we must relieve her burden.
I love my mother so much and we love our earth mother also.
Everyday we can make a little change.
So now, don't make our life complicated, make it simple.
I saw your email which you asked about China'sdevelopement.
I'm pleased to say that our hometown have changed a lot since you left home.
Well, first, the houses become bigger and roomier so that a lot of villagers live in furnished apartments.
Second, opposite to the old days, now people have phones and buy televisions, washers, refrigerator and so on.
'These days, villages and towns are connected with spacious roads.
Many villagers buy tractors, lorries and cars in order to help with farming agriculture.
Maybe those things are the symbol of being wealthy as well.
And last, schools keep a strict eye on educating students with high quality of education.
In order to restrain costs, I have thought three solutions.
First, cost-savings by closing the Belgium factory in Antwerp and opening a new one in India with lower labour costs.
And we need layoffs to help us reducing the costs.
We can give the workers with year-end bonus, share holdings and holidays.
For instance, purchasing components from low-cost countries such as India.
It is known to us that communication has been playing an important part in our daily life.
As the table shows, there are four main ways of communication.
Above all, most people communicate others by sending the messages, the second is making the phone call , the third is sending the e-mail.
In addition, writing a letter accounts for two percent, and the other accounts for six percent.
Personally, I like communication by computer most.
In my opinion, by computer, people can easily send e-mails to each other at any time and at any place, while it is too slow a way to communicate by writing a letter and too expensive a way to communicate by making a phone call.
People suggest that experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
So I think the ability is more important than the result.
After Iwatched the video about AIDS in the class.
I have a monent of shock.
In that moment, I find that how small human is.
As soon as myself on the scene I sure I will try my best to do something.
However I can't do anything at that time.
Maybe, the only things I can do was praying.
Actually, the same experience was existence common.
Today, our school will hold an evacuation drill to improve our run skill.
It's of great importance.
So I hope that everyone can take it seriously.
But there exist many problems.
Then , I will give some suggestions about evacuation drill.
First of all, keep calm and quiet, which will be of beniefit to us.
In addition, please listen to the teacher who leads us.
Facing the large and beautiful campus, I have to acknowledge that now I am here, a place far away from my hometown.
The way college students learn is totally different from what I used to.
In the past years, the teachers played a main role in our study life.
They always suggested us to do something or not to do something.
They treated us as newly-born babies, frequently teaching us step by step.
Apart from the difference above, I also find an obvious difference between the schooling experience in the past years and here in the university.
In the past, every student had to learn many different subjects, such as Chinese, maths, English and so on.
Each subject is significant a lot.
But now, as a college student majoring in English, my main subject becomes English only.
I think that it is possible for me to feel bored in the future if I study English only all the year round.
Now I am here, where I will lead a meaningful life thoroughly different from the life I led before.
We are enclosing our illustrated catalogue and price list.
Under separate cover, we are sending you a case of the fireworks and firecrackers we are exporting at present.
All quotations are subject to our final confirmation.
  This reflects a big problem in China.
With the rapid development of economy, young people are so busy with their works that they take less time to take care of their aged parents.
What's worse, some of them even don't want to take care of their parents, they regard their parents as their burden.
As we know, every one will become old one day.
If you don't want your children to do that, you should take good care of your parents now to set a good example for them.
What's more, our government should appeal to the public to take good care of aged people.
Computer has too many advantages to use.
Such as its convenience and high efficiency.
But some problems turn up with the dependence of people.
On the one hand, we think less and wait for answer most of the time.
We use the computer do something what we should do by ourselves.
On the other hand, health of people become worse than before now.
Prolonged use of computers cause many diseases.
Some youth have cervical spondylosis which may appear later or not appear in their life.
And nearsightedness in children is more general than before.
In my opinion, we cannot stop the development of science and technology.
So computer for us is still important.
But people can change their dependence.
Thinking more rather than wait and do more exercise instead of sitting in front of the computer.
Maybe problems gone by this life style.
This winter holiday, I went to Britain.
I am deeply impressed with my experience in the UK.
I got to know a new friend called Abby.
She helped me improve my English and offered me a visit to many places of interest.
When I was ill, her parents took me to the hospital.
They also cooked a lot of delicious food for me while I was in hospital.
The kind of lifestyle people chose has much to do with their health.
If you choose to adapt a sedentary lifestyle.
You may experience health problems such as obesity and heart disease or psychological problems such as depression and anxiety.
So once adopted a healthy lifestyle can actually benefit you for life.
There are many ways that lead to a healthy lifestyle.
Early to bed and early to rise can make you healthy.
A good sleeping also make you feel energetic in daytime.
Being active is a fine way to remain healthy.
You can do some exercise, go for a jog, join the health club and so on.
Being active can make you feel good and look good .
It is also important to eat enough vegetables and fruits.
there is a saying.
an apple a day keeps a doctor away.
Heathy body takes precedence over any other things in you life.
I think the teacher should have rich in knowledge strict and unsmiling like to give students a lot of tests .
My mother is a simple woman who gives all her love to her child .
Twenty years ago , I came to the world with a loud cry .
She smiled with tears .
Then , she began to care for me with all her love .
I remember once I had a serious fever at midnight .
And there were only my mum and I at home .
She carried me to the hospital on her back .
Since I went to school .
My mother became more strict with me .
Every time I attained good marks in the examination , she would tell me not be arrogent .
This is my mother -- a woman who loves me with all her heart .
The Spring Festival is the most important festival in China.
My parents started to do some cleaning as well as buy something we need several days before the Spring Festival.
And I became more and more excited with the Spring Festival approaching.
On the Spring Festival , I can put on new clothes and I can eat many kinds of fruit and sweets.
To start with having a good diet, you should eat less food which contains too much fat and sugary and try to eat more fruit and vegetables.
  It's my freedom, tomorrow I'm going to devote myself to studying, so that I won't have any chance to play game, you know I don't like be disturbed.
  You are going to be a senior student, you can't waste each second.
I didn't reply, she silenced for a moment then kissed my forehead and murmured:  I'm sorry honey, I should make you happy tonight, you know I will regret for criticized you for a long time after you leave.
We usually have different opinions in class activies.
More than one person is better than one person.
Only one person usually make mistakes.
And a anther reason for my choice is that i think respect other people s opinion is really importent.
Once i and my classmates planted a travle.
  A friend walks in when the rest of the world walks out  .
There are many reasons explaining the roommates conflicts .
what is more , most conflicts are caused by dairy trivial things , for example , when someone want to sleep , others playing computer games or calling .
Considering all these .
I think we shoud take some measures to solve the problem .
First of all , we should talk about the problem with each other and make some agreements.
On her class you will never fall asleep in.
She explains very clearly that what has happened in the past , and she organized exactly why it happened , how it happened, and what was its influence to people at that time.
Her lessons often begin with some stories or some questions which we need to think of and have a discussion.
l lose myself during her class , l can't help imgaining that I was the one who lived in those years long long before.
Some people think that there are lots of advantages for people to work in big cities.
First, working in the big cities does good to their future development because we can find the best job we like and take full advantages of learning resources to improve our ability.
Second, we and our children can get more chance to accept high education and acquire internet technology in big cities than in small cities and we're able to make much money.
However, for other people, what they really concern about is disadvantages of working in big cities.
In the first place, they need to solve the problem of living expense and housing condition, as they all know, they can make much money but they have a big living expense and the room rate is rising rapidly.
In the second place , there are a lot of people living in big cities, therefore, they produce much rubbish and cars release much polluted gas and factory releases lots of polluted gas and water so they breath harmful air and drink polluted water.
Reccently, with an increasing number of people migrate to big cities, the population of big city is increasing day by day.
Conquently, the problem of housing shortage in big cites is concerned by people.
Secondly, the government can encourage the younger people, above all those students who just graduate from colleges, to start their working in minor cities.
TO sum, the government should be the most important role of solving the houseing shortage in metropols of China, such as Shanhai and Beijin .
Addition , the government should make people know that China is a developing country with a large population.
secondly, chinese dama invest the gold due to traditional preferance to it for thousands of years which deeply express the chinese belief in their mind .
I am going to check details for an event next week with my two assistant.
I have looked 207 rooms at New Century hotels for the event.
I also have important thing to let you know.
I believe you are careful and cautious.
If you are late.
Most of peopie know that China has the largest population of thw world .
Everyone who lives in China thinks that the heavy traffic is nomal.
In many places there is little food, water or the energy.
People who live in these places have a hard life.
Besides the traffic problem that we have mentioned, there is not much enough room for us to live in.
Millions of people can't go home to go over the night everyday.
Because of the large populaition, the pollution in the earth has become more and more serious.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
Mrs Wu who is my first manths teacher.
She is the best teacher that I have ever had.
Because she not only taught us the kowledge of maths, but also guided us to how to be a good man.
Once, my parents still haven't picked me up when it was late.
To my surprise, Mrs Wu stayed with me until I was picked up safely.
As my secretary, Due to her outstanding working behavior and very honest to others.
Newdays, studends don't focus on spelling words of English study.
Tony is from a rocky farm in Italy.
After a hard tour, he came to America.
Standing in a driveway, he saw an American who will give him a lot of help in future.
Because his English is so poor that he cannot realise the person's words, he always said he would mow the person's lawn regardless of what Craw said.
From mowing lawn to clearing snow, he won slowly Craw's trust.
After that, Craw helped him enter into a pretty good apprentice school and he became a good skilling apprentice that he can read the millionths of an inch on the micrometer and shape the grinding wheel with an instrument set with a diamond by studying hard.
Finally he saved plenty of money by selling a house which was decorated good and then bought a farm.
After hard work, his American dream came true.
I take part in lots of activities in our school.
I can develop a friendship with others by joining in it.
What's more, it's better for us to join in some gymnastic activities.
I think we can not only relax oursrlves but also keep healthy.
Moreover, I often watch Ehglish films.
However, it's necessary for us to arrange our time wisely.
We should jion in the activities which we truely love.
After all, we aim to enjoy ourselves.
In my opinion, after-school activities is of great benefit to us.
It can enrich our life.
We need balence well between studies and activities.
From the picture, we can see a father is watching cartoons with his son and his son say to him: you can watch cartoons with me, dad, as long as you don't ask me to explain them to you.
With the development of economy, parents spend less and less time with their children.
They don't know the children's feeling, idea or other thing else.
Also, children don't want to tell their secret to their parents.
They think their parents will against the things that they want to do.
In my opinion, generation gap will damage the affection between children and parents.
I think children can talk to their parents face to face and tell them our own felling and idea.
And parents should spend more time to care about their children, try to communicate and understand their children.
According to all above, we can see, it is wise to make friends on line.
She is a little thin and wears glasses.
We are very extroverted and ambitious.
So She is always among the best in university.
Now, she is a student at Chonbuk National University of Korean.
When we are together, we often travel, watch movie, and we also go shopping together.
Do you think smoke means you are a man.
If you think so.
I will tell you.
If you go to public place even you by bus or train.
The room was filled with smok.
Don't smoke.
What's more, shopkeeper needn't to paid some money for house-rent.
As we know.
Sometimes we will meet some frustration in our real life.
In my opinion, frist we should have a good mood, because have a good mood can make us feel so happy and let us have the courage to face to meet the frustration, And tell ourself i can do it.
Some people say if you believe you can, then you really can.
Second analysis of why can appear such problem, and how to solve the problem.
Last but not least, we should tell ourself everyone will meet the frustration we are not only one get the frustration, we should take a positive attitude in the face of the frustration.
  to his dad.
And his dad says that  If you can empty the question here, you can do anything.
The implied meaning of picture is that if we encounter a problem, we should do something to solve it better than complaining the things.
The son only complain his worried to his father, he doesn't want to do anything for it.
In my opinion, I think we should try our best to do something to solve the problem rather than complaining constantly.
As far as I am concerned, I has influenced most by this book , named Of Study.
This book is more than wonderful.
The book, Of Study, which mainly talks about study.
In this book, we can learn about that how to study, how to deal with the contradictory of study and thinking.
As this book refer that studies serve for delight, for ornament, and for ability.
Books are best friend for human being.
Obviously, It is difficult for me to comprehend it clear.
As we all known that every books are useful for our life or study.
Books enriched our life , at the same time, we can acquire a lot of knowledge from that.
No matter what books we choose, so long as we spend our free time to read , we can benefit a lot .
Not only our life , but also our study or work.
Dear Mr.
Hello, Mr.
Brown, I am Li Hua, The change student live in your home last year.
I'm already get China, I'm very thanks for your help during the hole time I was in your home.
I'm so sorry to tell you a pity thing.
When I get home, I know my English dictionary was left in your home and this dictionary is a gift from my English teacher in America.
it's so rare for me.
So I want to ask for a help, and I know the book is maybe in the bookshelf in my bedroom.
The dictionary is raelly improtant for me.
I wang to study English for different reasons.
First, English is very useful.
It is used by so many people and countries.
You can speak English with any people in different countries.
It isthe most popularest language in the world.
Second, I thinkstudy a foreign language can help people understand this country's calture and custom.
The next reason, I think one person can speak English graceful is very cool.
And the last reason is that Ilike English very much.
Many people don't think college student know how to deal with frustration.
For some reason or other, college student is not good at deal with frustration.
For example, if they meet with frustration in work, most of them don't know how to deal with and they will shrink back.
As we know, the generality of student are the only child of their family, they are taked care by their parents and they are spoiled.
maybe you will think it's a difficult work.
After 40 minutes fermenting, you can take out the paste out of the pot and put it on the board.
Tradition Reading is good for our eyes .
With the increase of cities' population, housing problems are becoming more and more apparent.
Many people just have too small houses.
They complain that their houses are too small to live in.
We even can see several people live in one room.
Now that the housing problem is so serious, can we solve it with a perfect way.
Various solutions have been put forward.
I think the most important and efficient way is to control the population.
In my opinion, the housing problem is very complicated, involving many other problems such as traffic.
We should think over from every side.
The library of our campus is so small .
It's inconvenient for us to read out-of-class materials.
because everyone llikes the quiet atmosphere in the library .
In my opinion, some classrooms can be used as reading rooms.
For example , exploring our potential, open our sight by experienceing nation events.
Now I am in Northeast normal university, I am very excited.
And I think the life here is beautiful enough, in addition to miss my parents.
Also I feel confused sometimes.
For example, I do not know we have to buy textbooks by ourselves.
After entering this college, I have learned a lot and I have known that college is really different from high school.
In my high school, I always dreamed that I could live with my friends, I thought it would be interesting.
Now, it comes true.
I live with five room-mates in the university, and because of their good characters, I can get on well with them.
It makes me very happy.
Living with five room-mates is an amazing experience for me.
In high school, my friend and I can only stay together in the daytime, after class, we have to get back our own home.
Although I cannot suit the life here very well, but I will try my best to adapt to my new life.
After all, I am here now and I will live here for four years.
It is obvious that fatness has become a serious problem which has a bad effect on our health.
There are many reasons why so many people are overweight.
As far as I am concerned, I think there are three reasons for fatness.
Firstly, we do not have regular and healthy breakfast.
Secondly, we form the unhealthy habit of eating too much high-energy food which leads to fatness.
Those who are overweight should take steps to lose weight to be healthy.
eating healthily so that they can study better.
Secondly, they ought to get up off the couch and exercise instead.
In a word, Rome is not built in a day.
I like the summer hoilday so much.
I look forward to summer holiday every year.
This summer , I went to ShenZhen for my holiday, which is also a city of seashore like Haikou.
I enjoyed having a walk along the beach after supper or having a swim in the afternoon.
The sky is blue, the air is fersh.
Wherever you go, you can always see the green trees, the neat grasses and the colourful flowers.
They were really wonder.
ShenZhen has a lot of tall buildings.
Online Shopping has so many positive effects, such as it's convenient and quick to buy some things when you busy.
And it's an enjoyable experience to shopping on the internet.
I think online shopping will let you buy some things that you dont't need at some times.
As far as I'm concerned, online shopping is a positive shopping style.
It's benefit to the development of economic, and it's convenient for our life.
People attach more importance to live a low-carbon lifestyle.
Low-carbon lifestyle means that we cut down the amount of carbon dioxide in daily lives .
we are the backbones of the world , we have the responsibility to take measures from small things.
Turn off the lights aftre leaving the classroom to save power , thus to save coals, finally to decrease carbon dioxide.
What is more , we would better recycle used paper , plant more trees to take in more carbon dioxide .
The most impressive thing I have in the last two years is I won the first prize in the school singing contest.
I was nervous before the game.
I never thought I will get this place.
Because I had never won a prize.
But last month, I did it.
And I was very excited.
So excited now.
I got such a good position because I am very hard before.
Huai panding experience army life and the redlizatian of the self value of desire.
In recent years, there had been increasing number of mixed marriages.
With the number of transnational marriage mounting, the controversy has become more and more hated.
Different people will offer different opinions.
Some people take it for granted that they support the mixed marriages.
According to them, they can know more about their custom and communication.
However, others hold that mixed marriages shouldn't be accepted.
In their opinions, they are grow in different countries.
So, they have different customs, value, culture and education.
How should they avoid these problems.
As far as I'm concerned, I disagree the mixed marriage, though people's mind had been charged greatly, we still can't overcome some difficulties about the mixed marriage.
For the last few years, There is a great change on the earth.
And a common issue discussed on television, on the internet, on radon shows and in newspapers is that of the global warming.
First of all, The global warming is when the earth heats up, this is obviously due to the rise in temperature.
There are many reason that cause it.
What's more, we are run out of the energy on thh earth.
Last but not least, we most care about is the global warming's advantages and disadvantages.
The advantages are that it make the winter get shorter, make us feel warm.
However, it can also make a two-week advancement in spring, weather and ice melt that would affect the stability of the polar bears.
It is hard to imagine the world without creature.
So, we should think how to solve this problem.
In my opinion, I think that it is difficult to imagine the phenomena that global warming still and it can be said that each person is simply just a dot on the earth.
For someone, success is defined in terms of the dollar amount on a paycheck, for others, it's the title on their card.
The different person holds different view on this question, most are about wealth or power.
While you are working, you have to get along well with your partners, care for each other, follow your principles, pay more attention to your work method and make outstanding contributions to the development of the country and bring happiness to people.
However, there's far more difficulties to be successful.
Comparing with the other guys, your family members need you more.
Don't put the cart before the horse, what you have done on the work ultimately works on the happiness of your family.
I want to Participate in the trip , I am very interesting in it .
Such as water , umbrella and so on .
About this abnormal phenomenon, we should take effective measures to keep college students away from these bad habits.
First, the students themselves should establish a positive outlook on life, second, they should try to have a healthy new life instead of the dreadful ones.
In my view, I'm in favor of the first one.
Reading this book can help you improve your reading skill.
Nowadays, in china, many children are the only child in their family, meanwhile, they are the apple of their parents' or even their grandparents' so they are freedom from housework, and what's worse, they are becoming very dependent on their parents.
After entering university, we need to have certain goals for our growth, maturity, independence, and posses the brave to meet the changes which will occur in your life as you move from adolescence to young adulthood.
During this time, we need to endeavor to find out who we are and what our strengths and weaknesses are.
Last of all, college is a designed to be a time of personal growth and expansion.
It is an experience that contributes to our young adults' growth.
Last but very important, our younger generation is the flower of one country, the hope of tomorrow, and the future pillar of one state.
we'll first visit some famous ancient buildings with professional comments, at the same time, regarding it as a teaching background to make some related topics in your lesson-preparations for students.
My name is Z, my senior high school life has began.
first of all, my first memory of the Yizhong must be the dining hall.
When I step into it, I can't believe my eyes.
Any food I have ate were so delisious.
In addition, drawing may be my favorite activity in first grade.
besides, my first teacher is Mr.chen who is a interesting young man teaching us chemistry.
It's only 3 days from the term began.
With time going by, science and technology make huge progress.
People lead a worthy life.
Mobile phones are more and more important.
So a lot of people often use mobile phone on the wrong occasion.
Mobile phones are becoming a new scene on campus.
As the matter of fact, that act alaway have some bad effects.
In my opinion, It is necessary to restrict the mobile phone in the library.
We are a long ago to see each other on Internet.
last week.
And you told me you were so badly because you have no friend at school.
Hello , miss X , my name is W who is from Y .
There are five people in my family , that is my parents , my two younger brothers and I My hobbies are widespread , for example , reading is one of my favorite hobbies .
Due to a large export order we will have a training course about foreign language at 8 a.m on Sunday to make you be familiar with them easily.
Nowadays, the academic plagiarism become a new phenomena , which draws more and more attention from society.
We all know academic plagiarism do nothing but harm to everybody .
The copy cats will be lazy in exploring , experimenting, and researching .
So prohibiting academic plagiarism is the most urgent task for us.
It is the key to solve the significant obstacles to growth in academy.
First, we should establish an academic supervision system, monitoring academic plagiarism.
In addition, strengthening moral conscious may be a superb measure.
We need let people reject academic plagiarism consciously, with their contempt to copying.
There is a saying, Humans think alike  .
I believe most of us would stand in the integrity peaks , resisting the act of plagiarism firmly .
It is very convent.
First of all.
Never will I forget there.
When the arrival of summer, all of my friends will call me to swim in the pool, at sunset, we would go to the playground to play.
Although each of us is very tired, we are really crazy about them.
First of all, different people have different opinions.
As far as l am concerned, team spirit is that everyone in the group can try his(her) best to do something together.
In addition, people will have more chance to get involved in the activity.
My families plan to visit the interesting place of Shanghai.
We are led to the Oriental Pearl TV Tower , a famous tourist attraction.
It is a magnificent building located in Pudong New Area, it is the tallest building, so it's very easy to see this building, even if you are several miles away it.
As we get to the high floor of the Oriental Pearl TV Tower, we see the attractive viwswhich includes the Huangpu River through the window.
Nowadays, more and more productions have been packaged too fancily.
In additions, most of these package is unnecessary.
Generally speaking, many producers to do so because they want to attract more consumers to pay attention to their productions.
First of all, if a production is packaged beautifully, the consumers will take it as something expensive.
To some degree, it helps to improve the value of the brand.
Moreover, with the development of finance, the producer want to make their productions more beautiful.
As far as I concerned, it is no need to do so.
As we know, what is the consumers care about the most is the quality.
For the more, the excessive packaging add the consumers a burden.
In a word, it is the time to take actions to stop it.
For instance, we can refuse to buy those productions ourselves, as time goes, the producers will stop it.
In China, the population is over 1.4 billon, and that's too much, almost one fifth of the world's population.
The large population causes a lot of problems.
First of all, because of the large population, the energy is not enough at all.
Although we have a lot of energy, but there're also too many people.
Also, in many big cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, there's a serious problem that is difficult to solve.
There is more and more traffic.
In the morning and evening, the time to go to and back from work or school, the traffic is exactly very much.
The cars and buses even cannot move and it often takes a long time to get to the office, the school or home.
And the price of the house is so high that many people can't afford it.
So the cheap house is not enough at all.
Then, a lot of college students need a job.
People produce too much rubbish.
And that's really bad for the environment.
Above all, the large population causes too many problems.
We must do something to face them.
Anyway, we don't want wars to reduce the population.
The most beautiful country I have been to in Europe is Switzerland.
When I was in Switzerland , I took the Golden Past from Luzern to Interlaken.
I was deeply moved by the scenery outside the window.
The houses on the mountains were in the cloud.
Switzerland is in the middle of Europe.
It has a population of seven million five hundred thousand.
There are many cities in Switzerland such as Geneva and Berne , the capital of Switzerland.
Recently, a growing number of university campus are open to community and tourists.
On one hand, some people argued that it is a good thing for the students to visit the famous university campus.
I think different campus have different campus cultural .
Nowadays, e-book is so popular in our modern life.
And maybe because of the development of science and technology , a large number of people tend to read online.
It may have many reasons.
computers and handphones are so common, it provides people with chances to read online.
Secondly, it will become more convenient for us to do some reading, and we can read anytime and anywhere.
Every coin has two sides, it also has many bad effects.
have much radiation, it is not good for our health.
for our eyesight.
As far as I am concerned, we can read some books for entertainments online, maybe it will be forgotten fastly, but it is very convenient.
Our boss was especially strict towards us as if we were the machines which could run and run over again.
I'm very against this opinion, Nowdays, The rapid changes in the world, and we are in order to adapt to the change of the world changes, and, We are not bad child, we just want to get a true show others.
As a freshman, It seems to me that if parents help their child too much, the child will think that parents can help them do anything so they don't need to work hard.
And this is not good for child's future even be weeded out in the society.
Last Thursday, we had a good time in our writing class.
MS. Cao, our writing teacher, first took out a picture of a lovely pig.
She sticked it on the blackboard.
Then we were divided into two groups.
She told us the rules of the game is that each of the two groups should compete drawing this picture within the stipulated time.
To make sure everyone in the groups could have the chance to come to the blackboard, each person each time would only draw a little part of the pig.
We cooperated with each other.
I think the purpose of this game is to let us know the importance of cooperation.
However, it is crucial to come up with what caused the situation .
As far as I am concerned, the parents are supposed to be responsible for that .
Most of the teenagers are the only kid in their family , so the parents may take care of all the things for kids , to prevent children facing any problem .
To solve this problem , parents should give their kids more freedom and rights to deal with challenges in their lives to improve their survival skills .
I don't know if you ever heard about the nonsense that we are the ruler of nature.
The ignorance in actions can cause many critical consequences, especially when we manipulate the relationship with the environment.
The most horrifying one may be the white pollution.
As we can see, the discarded plastic bags have polluted the splendid expanses, and have dissipated a lot of space to cope with them.
Having witnessed the plastic bag's bad effect, now we confess that we are ignorant.
Then, it is animal extinction that remind us with our ignorance again.
In the past 500 years , there were 816 species had died out.
It is likely that our urbanization is the biggest murderer for them.
Meanwhile, we are confronting much more problems caused by our ignorant activities.
Such as global warming, the frequent sandstorm, population growth, water losses and soil erosion, etc.
This is an interrelated and interconnected world, so every cause has an effect.
As the saying goes: Nothing is terrible than ignorance in action.
Now, I want to emphasis that cause we have been running too long in the ignorant way.
Nowadays, we should to go to work .
The advantages of driving like that you don't get wet when it rains .
And it's cooler to drive in hot weather .
For example , it's slower when there's traffic , it's stressful when traffic is bad .
If you walk, you can get exercise, and it's not stressful.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer walking to driving .
Listening to my teachers , I think university likes heaven.
So I have some hopea of my university .
Above all, I want to lenrn more knowledge in college than which in high school.
However , I also have some fears for my university .
It is afraid for everyone to untertain things.
I afraid I can＇t get well with my roommate.
All in all , I will try my best to live a woonderful university life.
The Diaoyu Islands have a long history as part of our country's territory, it dates back to early 15th century.
The Imperial Map of the Ming Dynasty, included them as part of Ming Empire's territory.
Nonetheless Japan forced China to give up Taiwan and the islands in 1895, no one can deny that it is the fact of China.
I suppose that we should make it clear hard attitudes to take back the Diaoyu islands.
To be a Chinese, we should endeavor to maintain our territorial integrity.
Different times require different systems, although there are a lot of things will not change, but the old books is not suitable for current society, we need to constantly innovation, society in constant progress, need new knowledge and truth, the classic can't give us these.
Humans are powerful, because humans will create, human imagination is endless, only under the action of constant innovation and imagination, the progress of the society constantly.
now I will introduce myself briefly, I'm a 22 years old girl, born in Y province, and I am currently a postgraduate student at Y university.
Without any hesitation, I chose to major in biomedical engineering.
Nowardays, the demand towards the college students'abilities becomes more and more strict .
First , it can widen students ' horizons, and let students know of more new things that are helpful for their further study and future life .
Second, it may make students make more new friends and learn from them , and realize the different views of the world , which boost their EQ.
Third, it improve their practical abilities .
In China, anumber of students lack in practical abilities, thus it is a good chance .
In conclusion, as for as i'm concerned, college students are ought to take part in social practice .
Those who are clever enough to succeed may do not believe that diligence contributes to success, but it's not for me.
Once not working hard during the winter vacation, as a result, I failed the exam held at the beginning of the new term with a poor grade.
From then on, I had been studying harder and harder.
What I experienced shows that diligence leads to success.
Li Hua is good at Chinese and Maths.
However, he does not do well in English and Physics.
These subjects are quite difficult and he has trouble learning them well.
He is under the pressure of study, but his parents do not understand.
Moreover, although li hua repeatedly objectes, his parents still secretly look at his diary.
Nevertheless he wants to watch television after finishing his homework, his parents do not agree.
They in addition to learning, what all don't let him do.
I think Li hua should have a communication with hiis parents.
It influence the students listening efficiency in class, many parents and teachers worried about this phenomenon .
Both of them think mobile phone will reduce students achievement .
Someone go to tourism, went to the anhui chengdu shandong.
Thus, when it comes to the online shopping, different people hold different ideas.
Some people hold the idea that they like to do shopping online, for it's of great convenience for them in daily life.
Because online shopping is an advoidable trend, which more and more people will be accustomed to it.
Also, it may become much more popular in the near future.
It's unreasonable for celebrities to give up their career if some of them make a pledge to mend their ways.
With the development of time, countries will formulate relevant laws .
For another point .
The last point .
My name is X.
I am from Z.
I am an outgoing girl.
I want to get many friends.
Because I want to know more people.
I think it's a good habit.
I also like sport.
But I am not interesting running.
Because that's so boring.
I like playing ping-pong and badminton.
And I am falling in love with sliding plate recently.
Although I know that's so dangerous.
I want to defeat it.
We are faced with new challenges and opportunities for one thing some people think shopping online can give them conveniention.
As far as im concerned this is good for us .on the other hand.
I think it give us some bad influence.
There is no doubt that parents play a crucial role in their children's education.
They think that children of pushy parents are more likely excel in school and more prosperous in their careers.
On the other hand, a great many people insist that to much push from parents results in children's anxiety and depression.
Failing to meet parents' high expectations might make children lack of self-confidence.
From my perspective, a successful kid drives from many factors, of course their parents are most important.
However, a good parents family environment should not be ignored.
Li Hua likes to drawing and she usually draws some pictures in her spare time.
Ma Kai, a boy who loves writing, he dreams to be a writer one day.
Sun Jun, for he wants to be a cook in the near future.
First, welcome you to China.
I will tell you something about the traditional Chinese festival.
The most traditional festival is the Spring Festival.
It usually on February.
It is the first day of Chinese Lunar Calendar.
It will continue half a month.
The year was named by twelve animals such as dog, monkey and tiger.
And this year is pig year.
We should clean the whole house completely.
And we should eat a big meal with all families, At the first day and second day, the adults should give lucky money to children.
This is our traditional festival.
After study a year in the university, I know gradually there are so many differences between high school and college study.
So we should find the differences and over come them.
In a word, College study depend on yourself not another people.
And the others who were waiting for their turns almost cried with joy , for the funny show on the blackboard made them can not stop laughing.
At least it was my turn, I put on my eyeshade and took a chalk which almost destroyed our masterpiece to start my voyage behind a dense fog .
Taking my cue from C , in which I finally overcame the pig's feet that just like the top of a shovel and it became the most abstract part in our whole work .
Our teacher, Miss Cao was bursting into laughter when she saw our opus .
In fact , no matter who was the winner , no matter what we were drawing .
There is a growing number of people who spend much time sitting.
They eat while sitting, they play while sitting, and they work while sitting.
On one hand, people try to alert us to the harm of sedentary.
It makes us have some health problems and psychological problems.
To solve such disturbing situation, firstly, government and society should assume their responsibility to make joint efforts.
Secondly, it's necessary for media to highly publicize the spirit of sport.
Last, we individuals should attach importance to exercise and act accordingly.
The way of reading e-book becomes very popular.
Advantages of e-books have attracked many people.
E-book is lighter and smaller, so it is convenient to carry.
At any time, any place, we can read e-book.
E-book has large capicity.
It can store a lot of contents.
In tradition, so many books with lots of contents need many paper made from a great number of trees.
So e-book is more environmental for it won't produce new substance and reduce the waste of paper.
The knowledge can be easily acquired by using e-book.
Simply click and link can let us have access to different kinds of contents of e-book.
It is a more effective way of reading.
And it is an approach for someone to making money by offering his articles.
With the rapid development of computer multi-media and network, the globe is stepping into information era.
In the information era, e-business is developing.
And e-book is useful and important for e-busiuess.
Of course, every corn has two sides.
E-book also have some disadvantages.
Because e-book is an electronic product, it is inescapable that e-book emits radiation.
The radiation is harmful for human's health.
To some extent, it is also harmful for people's eyesight, if they always read by using e-book.
And some people worry obout that paper book will lose its importance.
It represents the passing of traditional culture.
In my opinion, e-book will develop well in the future.
It is well-know to us that college life is a dream for many people.
I an Nick , from ANQIN city ANHUI province.
When you come to my hometown , the first you will find the water encircle the mountain .
And you will be interested in my matile dialect , because it is very hard to kown , but is very interestry .
So the winter is coming quickly.
As is known to all, If winter comes can spring be far behind.
Although it is extremely coldly in winter.
Nonetheless we all foreknow that winter is beautiful.
Because the word is the word of snow in winter.
Therefore, I'm looking forward to the coming of winter.
By that time, I will appreciate the play in the snow with my friends.
However, in the university I know some students have never seen snow, just because they come from the south.
We foreknow that the south the weather is extremely hot.
It seldom snows in winter.
Before winter, most important of all, First we ready for winter clothe.
Protect myself against the cold.
On the one hand, we should not be afraid of winter.
The college students are facing more pressure than before, which comes from their education, parents, work, and even the classmates.
Too much pressure will have an affect on their healthy.
I think the most important thing is not to get pressure, do not focus on what is not crucial at all.
Try your best on is enough, you do not need to be the top of the class, just try your best.
Then, do not care so much about what others say, you are special, and there must have the advantages and the disadvantages.
So just do what you think is right.
As to me, I can do what I said.
If I really do something not properly, I will correct myself.
Thank you for your letter.
There are the reason for us that why we reject your claim.
First, we haven't explain that we will provide the office supply you don't mentioned.
If something you need, you must give us a note of the situation in advance.
Second, even we develivered the products on time but it's still delayed for two weeks because of the bad weather on the sea.
When I was young, I always intend to be a painter.
Because I really love drawing and do very well in it, at that time, many people said that I was the child who has talent of drawing.
However, when I grow up, I started to take much times to do homework and many other school works, then I had no time to draw, my mom didn't let me kept drawing, she excepted I can pay more attention to studying at that moment.
Several years later, I'm a journalism student now, and I am good at drawing and writing.
First of all, I want to be a writer.
On the one hand, I like writing.
I like to record a variety of things of my life, and I am a relatively softy person, so I always has many kinds of feelings, such as who we are, why we need each other and what we can do for each other and so on.
For another, I tend to be a text editor, too.
Nevertheless, it is different from a writer, an editor is more tired and important.
Consequently, they have all the information presented to the community readers.
So they should more responsible and patient.
In my opinion, during the process of text editor's work, I can get so much knowledge.
It is a good way to open my eyes.
I always want to recognize more.
Last but not least, I still love drawing now, so I hope I can draw some illustrations in my spare time.
I fell in love with shoot because of specialized course, so I also want to take some pictures when I am free.
In a few words, the most important thing is how I would do, so I will spare no effort to become the people who I always dream to be.
I believe that man proposes.
It was not until my heart stops beating that I will work-hard for it.
I won't let it be an armchair strategist.
Nowadays, more and more problems about students' learning are coming.
When facing exam, some students like glance at other papers.
Or they want to look at the answer in the books or telephones.
Then they have a false results but nothing.
They will even backward.
Your teacher and parents think that you can learn well, but if just you know what you have learnt, and what you have lost.
So cheating is a bad behavior, very bad.
It has not a little benefits.
Thus, from now on, we should eliminate this phenomenon.
In order to improve the efficiency of learning, to let us get our own knowledge, we need't ask for others when we are facing exams or problems, we can have our own opinions and self confidence.
Tsinghua university is one of the most famous university in China.
Tsinghua university is an old university, It was established in 1911.
It has only one campus.
It is no doubt that this campus is very large.
There are some reasons for me to choose this university as my dream university.
First, Tsinghua university is so famous that all of people in China know it.
Because of this , it has many famous alumnus and also it has many more equipment for us to use.
Besides, Tsinghua university aim at becoming a more famous and international university in the world, though most university in China have this aim, Tsinghua university has it  s own advantages.
In my image, people wearing clothes way have changed in our life.
In the past, people just about wear clothes that were big, loose women's clothes were very conservatism, and people were able to choose style of clothes is little.
Now, there are many style that people can choose, especially women's dress, have tens of thousands of varieties, and people can wear what they like.
In addition to this, the way of eating has also many changes.
simpleness.
Just as a saying goes, each coin has two sides.
More and more people are buying products through the Internet.
As for this, people have different ideas about it.
to consumers.
People can buy anything at anytime they like.
While others believe that they cannot touch, smell or taste what they want.
In my opinion, online shopping has brought us many conveniences.
I think it is a pity that we don't take care of our parents cannily as they did for us.
As far as I am concerned, some measures should be taken to solve this problem.
We all know the government has come up with a law whith ruled how often should we visit the elders.
But I think it's not really be acting.
First of all, the government should protect our right about holiday, only in this way can workers have time to come back home.
And then, society is expected to spread some positive energy to inspire more and more people to realized that they should repay for their parents, even just to stay togetther with them as well as chat to them.
Last but not least, we can build some activity communities whitch all the elders can get together to talk and walk around.
In fact, there's so many things we can do for them.
In sum, we are supposed to look after the elders.
We only have one Earth, so please protect it.
Some people catch fish and put waste water into the sea and river.
These make the water dirty and the fish are fewer and fewer.
It's bad for our life.
Some people throw the rubbish everywhere.
These contaminate the air and make animals fewer and fewer.
To protect the animals are extremely crucial.
Many people frequently cut woods, they destroy forests and animals' life.
I think the Earth is a beautiful place.
We have to take good care of Earth for our future.
Without Earth, we can't keep alive.
So from now on, we must protect the Earth to make our life better and better.
When I was an infant, my father in my mind was a great man , because he can do a lot of things that I thought only great men can do , such as driving, repairing machines and so on.
He isn't a merchant who can make a lot of money , he also isn't a scientist who can invent new machines .
On one occasion , an elderly man fallen down in font of my house , it was rain , but my father still ran into the rain and carried the old man into our house and help him changed out of those wet clothes into something dry, then called his family .
Now my father is the greatest man in my mind although he can't do great things he can teach me how to help others.
As the proverb says , the real heroes of the world are the man who take the time to make a difference in the life of a child .
  nothing happened.
We are glad to inform you that the caption goods of our Order No.J-29 sales confirmation have been shipped by S.S. Pearl  .
And it will partial shippment by S.S. Mayflower in HongKong.
This item will pay the transaction price of cost and freight .
In university, we have a lot of resources of books in the library and we should make full use of them.
as the saying goes, we should read books about history to make ourselves wise.
History is a mirror, and we can learn many thing from it.
And poems, a important part to me.
I know you are not interested in literature, but it's really important to your personality.
There are many pearls in the sea of literature, such as Shakespeare.
As for math and science, I know you will spend a lot of time in this field, so I won't waste time in this topic.
Moral, it's so serious a field, and I don't want to talk about it with you.
Finally, logic, a thing which is stange but familiar to us.
Ok, that's it.
Read more.
As a Chinese student, parents since childhood education he how to do things, not let him fumble.
With their ability to learn how to judge their smart sex, that they like to listen to the teacher in future, according to the book to do.
Of course, such study method also lessened their creativity.
So I think the education in China has yet to be improved and enhanced some creative games for children exercise now.
Hello everyone.
I am a person in charge of school newspapers.
I want to advertises for an English editor.
The job principal includes two parts.
First of all, you need to choose articles which is suitable for students from English newspapers, magazines or the Internet.
In addition, choose and editor these contribution from students.
I hope that the student satisfy the following demands.
You must willing to devote some of your spare time to serve the students.
Your English and art are all brilliant, and you can proficient with computer.
If students are interested in the job, please contact with the Student's Union during this week.
With the development of technology, the phones become more and more prevalent all over the world.
First of all , it is convenient to get in touch with other people if you have a mobile device.
Wherever you are , you can reach other people in a moment.
Secondly, the mobile device calls and text-messagings can help us have a good relationship witn our friends who stay other places.
There are a lot of people who communicate with their friends by sending text-messagings when the Spring Festival is coming around the world.
I think that is a meaningful deed.
Last September, we came to our university with passion.
But with the time going, we also discover many problems on campus.
After we came to the university, we didn't accept restriction as we had in senior high school.
Most of us becomes relaxed.
We don't take the initiative to study.
We haven't formed the habit to going to the library and going to study by ourselves in scheduled time.
Boys like going to the Internet Bar.
As far as I am concerned, our school should organize some classes and activities to motivate the students' passion on study.
At the same time, we also should reliaze the importance of studying .
A good book likes a teacher, we can get a lot of benifits from reading.
Writers write down their emotion and thoughts, they use words to express them to us.
However, some people think that the best way of learing is to practice.
In my poinion, before we practice we must shape our thoughts.
I want to be a good teacher in the future.
I never don't think teach students is waste time .
When some dangerous things happen, like flood earthquake.
Most of people put himself in first, everyone wants to himself will be saved, will be safe.
However there are some people who put others in first.
I think he will feel fear too, but he has something character others don't has or maybe he has more than others, like goodness, and he respect for all life in the word, than, he 'll go to save someone else's life, he need courage too, after all one people can't fight against the power of nature.
Maybe, he has a belief things, and, it helps him have courage.
he will feel feer too, but he can be calm down soon.
At that time, he knows what he does.
He knows how to do to help other people and his own life.
In a word, heroes have many good things, goodness, courage, responsibility, ect, the most important is sacrifice one's own interests for the sake of others.
Everybody come to the world was teached to make a different, as the says goes  born to win  .
But, there comes a key point that how to success.
In my view, enough preparing is essential before you succed, as Abraham Lincoln's famous remark, Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I'll spend the first four sharpening the axe  .
As usual, my parents and I got together with my grandmother, and my sister who goes to college in Austrian.
In my opinion, the most interesting thing was eating dumplings.
At eating time, we looked carefully so as to cloose the coin dumpling.
The fireworks also left a deeply impress at me, I was crazy about watching the pretty fireworks flying into sky one by one.
  Three, two, one.
We were busy about congratulating to each other and made plans for ourselves.
I often heart that some people say we feel less happier compared with other years.
Today I went to Heifei Normer University and pursue my dream.
I know that being a teacher requires not only a lot of professional knowledge, but also a lot of effort.
On the one hand, I work hard at my lessons and be fully prepared before the exam.
Let's put it simply, if you don't have sufficient preparation, you can hardly expect to answer all the questions correctly.
On the other hand, I participate the Love Association and become a volunteer teacher.
As far as I'm concerned, this is my favorite thing.
In other words, it gives me a good chance to become an excellent teacher.
Thanks to my dream, it not only drive me to study hard, but also helps me learn how to persist for realizing the dream is a long and difficult way.
College is a big school.
It can take us friends and we can make games with us teachers and friends .
In college we should set a study, programmer.
In life we should make some friends with our classmates.
In college if we try our best .
To become a good learner, we should learn to study efficiently.
We publishing company provide reliable quality and reasonable prices rapid shipment of products is our advent age.
Reading books is always a popular hobby among people at different ages.
Many times, we must spend a lot of money to buy some valuable books.
E-book save more money than paper book.
Second, it's really convenient for us to find out the books by searching online.
The efficiency is gorgeous.
Every advantage has its disadvantage.
On one hand, reading online for a long time is bad for our eyes .
On the other hand, we can't make notes on the e-books.
There are various kinds of views about e-book.
Different people hold different points.
As the numbers of students who have mobile phone increase, so some one always use the mobile phone in the library.
In the library a lot of students speak loudly by mobile phone .
They do not know their behaviour affect another people in the library.
And this problem become common that i always think it is impolite.
So we should lay down some laws that we can use it to limit some people's impolite behaviour .
We should suggest all the school lat down the laws as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the students should think about another people's feeling.
My favourite book is Harry Potter.
It's one of my favourite spare-time readings.
They are always do homework and play games together.
When faced with danger, they never give up the other party because of love.
Before she wrote these books, she was only a traditional housewife in Britain, her only job was probably looking after the children, but these book changed her life forever.
She had the idea about Harry Potter when she was on train, Harry just walked into my head.
When I first read the book, I totally immersed in the world of magic.
See them through hardships and overcome difficulties, I felt great love.
So my favorite book is Harry Potter.
makeour healthy growing up everyday .
In every experience, every choice I make the impact of our relationship and their parenting is evident , both of my parents taught me to seand strong for what I believe in and have the courage to do what is right.
has the power to overcome both, and love can last forever.
With the increasing prosperity of our society, many people especially the elder women are attached to practicing square dancing outside according to the media reports.
While some people who live nearby are irritated by the loud noisy dancing music instead of totally enjoying it.
On the one hand, there is no doubt that square dancing surely makes our live more colorful and delightful.
First and foremost, we are immersed in the attractive music when we pass by the multitude of people who are dancing.
Some media outlets have reported that plenty of confrontations between people dancing and neighborhood residents which usually leads to a serious consequence.
That is the loud noisy and annoying music greatly disturbs the neighbors around the square.
What is worsen is that a great deal of students who lives nearby are distracted from their study so that they can not keep on it.
Two aspects of square dancing I have illustrated above are obviously here.
Thereby i harbor the view that some measures should be taken to keep a balance between them as likely as possible.
I have ever read a report before about the square dancing in Guiyang.
From my point of view, it is a absolutely wise choice to do so.
Although it maybe looks like kind of wired because you dance silently, both dancers and neighbors keep their own benefits.
From this example, we can see that it is not a problem that we can not find a better way to solve.
Next, some understanding also plays a pivotal role in this issue.
I am glad to hear that you get on very well with your maths teacher, Mr Green.
Now I'd like to tell you about my favourite teacher.
His name is Yang Zhe.
Mr Yang is a physics teacher.
I like his teaching methods.
